[Page 1]
1 See: A framework for geoeconomics, Econometrica, Vol. 94, No. 1 (January 2026), 105-136; Christopher Clayton, School of
Management, Yale University. Matteo Maggiori, Graduate School of Business, Stanford University. Jesse Schreger,
Economics Division, Columbia Business School.
Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its affiliates does and seeks to do business with companies
covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a
conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision.
This research report has been prepared in whole or in part by equity research analysts based
outside the US who are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA.
This is a Special Report that is not an equity or a debt research report under U.S. FINRA Rules
2241-2242.
(ii) This author is a member of the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities Research
department and is not an equity or debt research analyst.
(iii) This author is a member of the EMEA Equity Research department who may publish equity
and debt research
FOR ANALYST CERTIFICATION(S) PLEASE SEE PAGE 17.
FOR IMPORTANT EQUITY RESEARCH DISCLOSURES, PLEASE SEE PAGE 17.
FOR IMPORTANT FIXED INCOME RESEARCH DISCLOSURES, PLEASE SEE PAGE 18.
Thinking Macro
The new geo-economics of energy
In a fragmented world with growing energy needs, countries
must secure access to traditional hydrocarbons, while
expanding into renewable sources, build grid infrastructure
and search for new scientific solutions. Electrification helps
energy importers to diversify but also creates new
dependencies.
We recently published The global energy race: Energy in the age of fragmentation, a
comprehensive cross-asset report examining the outlook for the global energy sector. This
report examines in further detail the geopolitical and economic backdrop to the energy
transition.
New relevance for an old topic
Geography always mattered for economies. The endowment with resources such as land,
labour, capital and raw materials, together with technological know-how and geographical
distance, has always determined the flows of trade and investment between regions.
Furthermore, throughout history, nations have tried to use their economic strength from
financial and trade relationships to extract economic and geopolitical surpluses from other
countries.1 This practice of 'geo-economics' works through commercial channels like the threat
to interrupt the supply or purchase of goods, the sharing of technology, or financial
relationships and services. In modern industrialised economies, energy has become a powerful
channel for geo-economic power plays. 
Special Report
8 September 2026
SIGNATURE
Economics Research
Christian Keller(ii)
+44 (0) 20 7773 2031
christian.keller@barclays.com
Barclays, UK
Akash Utsav(ii)
+91 (0) 22 6175 1543
akash.utsav@barclays.com
Barclays, UK
Sustainable Investing Research
Maggie O'Neal(iii)
+ 44 (0) 20 7773 6924
maggie.oneal@barclays.com
Barclays, UK
Jordan Isvy(iii)
+44 (0) 20 7773 1733
jordan.isvy@barclays.com
Barclays, UK
 
 
 


[Page 2]
With this in mind, the past decades of 'hyperglobalisation' may have been the exception rather
than the norm. In a global economy that had become increasingly integrated, the trade of
primary energy sources such as oil, coal and gas was driven largely by efficiency
considerations – just like all other supply chains. There was a clear pattern between exporters
(the Middle East, Russia, Norway, Canada, Nigeria and other EM economies) and importers (the
US, Europe, Japan, China, and India).
Rising geopolitical fragmentation and technological advances have started to change this over
the past decade or so. Russia’s war with Ukraine suddenly upended the important flow of
Russian pipeline gas to Europe, forcing it to look for alternatives such as LNG shipments from
other regions. Similarly, the ongoing disruption of the flow of oil and gas through the Strait of
Hormuz has now also made the Gulf region a less reliable source of energy imports, including
LNG.
Regarding technologically driven change, the shale gas/tight oil revolution in the US stands out.
It has turned the US from the world's largest oil importer into a net exporter. In contrast,
Germany’s decision to fully exit its nuclear technology at home has made Europe’s largest
economy more reliant on energy imports. More recently, China's mass production of low-cost
green technologies is helping to boost electricity generation from renewable sources such as
sunlight and wind across the globe. 
This backdrop of a changing world order, rapid technology change, an uneven geographical
distribution of natural resources, and rapidly rising global electricity needs, has now put energy
at the centre of today's geo-economics. 
Facing a MESS: Molecules, Electrons, Science,
Security
Securing the flow of molecules
In a world that for the foreseeable future still needs hydrocarbons, the traditional quest to
secure the flow of these molecules remains. Hence, an important part of geo-economics is still
about who exports and imports the physical commodities of oil and natural gas, who refines
petroleum products, and how reliable the associated supply chains are.
The rise in geopolitical conflicts has led to energy importers diversifying their supply chains
across geographies and infrastructures (eg, pipeline gas and LNG). In addition, importing
countries also consider increasing their storage capacity of fossil fuels.
The ongoing supply disruption from the Iran war has powerfully demonstrated the effectiveness
of such strategies. Global oil reserves, especially the large pre-war build up by China, coupled
with the ability to divert some oil flows from shipping to pipelines (eg, Saudi, UAE) and to
increase supply from other regions (eg, Nigeria, Angola, the US, Canada, Norway) all helped to
cushion the impact from the Strait of Hormuz closure.
The implications are the need for more investment in, for example, storage capacities in Europe;
more pipelines from the Gulf region; and increased production, refining and transport
capacities in regions outside of the traditional conflicts and choke points.
Growing the flow of electrons
Rapidly surging electricity demand (including for AI-related data centre needs) creates the new
challenge to provide this expanding flow of electrons in a sufficient and stable manner. This
involves not only the question of electricity generation – through renewables, fossil fuels,
nuclear – but also its distribution (ie, grid capacity) and, in the case of reliance on wind and
solar, its storage (eg, batteries, hydrogen) in order to guarantee baseload.
8 September 2026
2
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 3]
FIGURE 1. Change in energy demand in selected regions, 2025
FIGURE 2. Electricity generation mix for selected regions, 2025
-1
0
1
2
3
China
US
Africa
South
East Asia
Middle
East
India
EU
EJ
Change in energy demand in selected region, 2025
Oil
Natural Gas
Coal
Nuclear
Renewables
Total Demand
0
20
40
60
80
100
India
China
South
East Asia
US
EU
RoW
World
%
Electricity generation mix for selected regions, 2025
Coal
Oil
Natural gas
Nuclear
Renewables
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
The shift to electricity as energy carrier allows to diversify the energy sources, but also
complicates the system compared with the traditional carbon-based system. Electrification
shifts the focus ‘upstream’ to technology and infrastructure access: eg, solar and wind power
equipment, battery technology and, crucially, functioning electricity grids, including for longer
distances.
This also creates new dependencies: green technologies from solar panels to batteries are
mass-produced in China and also require many minerals as downstream inputs for which at
least the refining capacities are often also largely in China (eg, rare earths). Hence, geo-
economic reliance shifts from hydrocarbon exporters to the exporters of green technology and
to those who extract and refine the new critical minerals (eg, CLANCS and rare earths,
see Mining the green transition).
Searching science for new power
Advancing existing technologies but also undertaking fundamental scientific research into
potentially entirely new breakthrough technologies are also crucial. The former includes
ongoing efficiency improvements in solar and batteries, advanced drilling technologies (eg, for
deeper geothermal sources), innovation in nuclear reactor designs and alternative fissile
materials (eg, thorium instead of uranium).
The biggest game changer could be a breakthrough in commercially viable nuclear fusion
power. It could solve the 'trilemma' of security, sustainability, and cost, which could radically
alter the geo-economics of energy. However, as we wrote in Fusion: Tomorrow's solution to
today's problem, our base case is that cost-competitive, grid-scale fusion power only emerges in
the 2040s. It is thus unlikely to be a panacea for the near-term power demand challenge.
For technological advancements, especially for such scientific challenges as turning commercial
fusion into reality, scientific capabilities and access to capital for the necessary large long-term
investments will be crucial.
Navigating chokepoints 
Energy can become a critical dependency or even a 'chokepoint' for a country. This happens  if a
dominant market share or the physical access to the energy source is controlled by another
country and alternative sources are difficult to find.
8 September 2026
3
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 4]
2 IEA. Impacts of Middle East conflict set to reshape energy investment plans as disruptions put focus on security; FT
interview with Daniel Yergin.
The ongoing US-Iran war and its consequences for shipments through the Strait of Hormuz and
in part also the Bab-el-Mandeb Strait has reignited the discussion around 'choke points';
ie, narrow maritime corridors through which a large share of the world’s oil, gas, grains and
manufactured goods must pass. Next to the two straits mentioned, the Strait of Malacca, the
Suez Canal, Panama Canal and the Turkish Straits (Bosporus, Dardanelles) are typically
mentioned.
However, the true geo-economic significance requires closer inspection. Although interruptions
of flows through such shipping bottlenecks do affect the global trading system, the recent
experience has been that the eventual economic impact has often been less severe than initially
thought: eg, Germany avoided the worst-case-scenario of having to shut down its industries
when Russia gas was cut off in 2022-23, the disruption of Ukrainian grain exports due to Russia's
attack never led to the extreme global shortages some had feared, and even the ongoing
closure of the Strait of Hormuz – considered by experts a supply disruption much worse than
that of the 1970s oil crises2 – has not (yet) been proportionally impactful on the oil price. 
The specific reasons may vary, but the main explanation seems to be that even large shares of
control may not be enough when alternatives are available and demand has some elasticity.
The true dependencies created by supposed 'chokepoints' may thus be less than often
assumed.  This is encouraging news for countries that need to import most or all of their energy.
Diversification can go a long way in securing them against geo-economic bullying. 
Geo-economic power does increase disproportionally, however, the closer a country is to
complete control over a certain resource. And even more so, when demand for this resource is
inelastic. Perhaps the only country that can claim such a geo-economic power at the moment is
China, with its almost complete control of rare earth refining (over 95% in areas such as 'heavy
rare earths'). Although not an energy source itself, rare earth minerals play a crucial role in
much of modern electricity infrastructure. This does provide China with very effective geo-
economic power for the foreseeable future, ie, until the US and/or others can mine and refine
rare earth minerals themselves in sufficient quantities. 
New maps for new energies
Wind and sun in different places
Solar irradiation and wind are very unevenly distributed across the globe. Recent investments
in solar are very high in China and India, and they also have been boosted by subsidies in many
European countries. However, in principle, the best conditions for generating electricity from
solar panel technology is in regions of the US (southwest), LatAm (central Mexico, Chile, and
Bolivia), Africa (both North and Sub-Saharan), the Middle East and Australia.
For wind energy, coastal regions are typically best placed.  Northern Europe (North Sea), North
America and Southern Australia have the best opportunity to harness it in relatively shallow
coastal waters. China also has many areas suitable for wind power and it is on track to soon
produce about 10% its electricity from wind. It is followed by a large distance by the US and
Germany in terms of installed capacity.
8 September 2026
4
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 5]
3 IEA: How drilling technologies have shaped the energy landscape. In 'Everything Energy' by Dan Hewitt and Courtney
Turich.
4 IEA (2025)
FIGURE 3. Mean wind speed
FIGURE 4. Direct Normal Irradiation
Source: Global Wind Atlas, World Bank, ESMAP
Source: Global Solar Atlas, World Bank, ESMAP
Geothermal could be coming closer
Geothermal power typically requires very particular geological conditions – often near plate
fault lines or volcanoes. Thus, its production has been concentrated only in specific locations
around the globe: eg, in parts of the US west, New Zealand, Kenya, Iceland, Philippines and
Turkey. 
Advanced capabilities in deep drilling, however, may extend geothermal energy production to a
much wider set of geographies. Especially in the US, geothermal exploration is advancing,
employing drilling technology similar to that also used in oil and gas exploration. In this
context, the new Geothermal-Flowloop (GFL) facility offers a platform for evaluating emerging
technologies with potential geothermal applications.
At the moment, less than 1% of global electricity demand is generated from geothermal energy,
but the potential is vast. In theory, the geothermal energy stored in the top 8km of the earth
could generate enough electricity to meet global demand many times over and could be
produced in any location if one can drill deep enough.3  
Nuclear fission and potentially fusion
Nuclear power (fission) is experiencing a renaissance, and the capacity of nuclear reactors
under construction is the highest in the past 30 years (Nuclear Renaissance Series (1) Investing
in nuclear: From baseload to breakthroughs).4 In 2025, China, India and Russia were completing
work on new reactors, while others were retired elsewhere (eg, Belgium). Nuclear reactors today
operate in over 30 countries and of the ten new construction starts, nine are in China and one in
Russia. Over 90% of reactors that started construction in the past decade were of Chinese or
Russian design.
Although almost all nuclear reactors under construction are large scale, China and Russia
already operate a small modular reactor (SMR) and are constructing additional ones. Canada,
Korea, the UK and the US also have plans to construct SMRs in the near term.  Having said that,
nuclear power technology is one thing but access to the relevant fuel is also relevant. For more
on this see  our report: Uranium: Make or break for the nuclear supercycle. 
8 September 2026
5
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 6]
5 Fusion Industry Association. Fusion Industry Attracts Record Annual Funding of $4.48bn, Raising Total to $14.24bn
FIGURE 5. Nuclear capacity in operation & under construction in selected regions, 2025
0
20
40
60
80
100
US
France
China
Japan
Russia
Korea
Ukriane
Canada
India
GW
Nuclear capacity in operation & under construction in selected regions, 2025
Existing
Under Construction
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
As for fusion technology, commercially generated energy from fusion has so far proved
elusive. The US can be seen as the leader in the area, with most private fusion companies based
in the US (eg, Commonwealth Fusion Systems (CFS), which has backing from Google; Helion
Energy, backed by Open AI) and with US firms absorbing the majority of private investment in
that area. China has fewer private companies in fusion but enormous state-sponsored
programs, which are pushing forward technologically, partly reflected in rising patent filings.
The resurgence of interest in fusion has manifested in a surge in funding, making it one of the
fastest-growing frontier energy technologies. After decades of modest and often stagnant
funding, investment into fusion start-ups has soared this decade (Figure 6). Fusion companies
across the globe have collectively raised in the order of $14bn in cumulative funding. This is
roughly a seven-fold increase relative to 2021 when the total was only about $2bn. 2026 has
seen a further spike in funding as fusion ventures have raised c.$4.5bn, almost half the
cumulative total raised before then.5
FIGURE 6. Fusion funding has accelerated dramatically this decade
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
Up to 2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Total cumul. funding ($bn)
Source: Fusion Industry Association, Barclays Research
The UK is a committed smaller presence, with strong efforts to convert an existing scientific
base into a fusion industry. Its flagship STEP program intends to build a prototype fusion power
plant from 2030. The EU has a strong scientific and engineering base, but seems less advanced
8 September 2026
6
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 7]
in commercialisation. Germany has announced additional funding in R&D and fusion
infrastructure, combining its leading science at the Max Planck Institute with private companies
seeking eventually to build fusion power plants. 
FIGURE 7. The US currently hosts the majority of fusion companies, followed by Europe and Asia 
Source: Fusion Industry Association
New alliances and new dependencies
Diversifying drilling and distillation
Securing the supply of crude oil in a geopolitically uncertain world in principle supports the
diversification of production outside the traditional regions of the Middle East and Russia,
which are also hotspots of geopolitical conflict. This means increased focus on North and South
America, with Venezuela having the largest proven oil reserves in the world and Canada in
fourth place after Saudi Arabia and Iran, and in Africa (Libya, Nigeria, Angola).
Europe, for its own part, could reconsider tapping its remaining domestic reserves North Sea oil
or exploring new gas fields on the continent, including through fracking technology. At the same
time, Middle Eastern oil will likely increasingly flow to Asia, where demand is still growing and
the shipping distances are relatively short. 
In addition, securing refining capacity for distilled products (ie, kerosene, diesel) will be
important as well. The coming onstream of a new major refinery in Nigeria just ahead of the
outbreak of the Iran war may serve as an example of the further diversification of refining
capacity (where those of the US and China still stand out).
8 September 2026
7
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 8]
FIGURE 8. Oil reserves by country, 2025
FIGURE 9. Coal reserves by country, 2023
Powered by Bing
Oil reserves by country, 2025
428,000 
303,008,000,000 
oil reserves in barrels 
Powered by Bing
Coal reserves by country, 2023
999,999 
247,882,705,205 
coal reserves in metric tons 
Source: Worldometers, Barclays Research
Source: Worldometers, Barclays Research
Negotiating critical minerals supply chains
Electrification is only likely to advance as a global trend. Especially in energy-importing
countries, being key for achieving energy sovereignty (next to  lowering carbon emissions). In
turn, that transition towards an electricity-dominated system is contingent on critical minerals
(Transition minerals: unearthing opportunities from a $500bn supercycle). However, the global
reserves of these minerals are often concentrated in certain locations: eg, lithium (over 30% in
Chile), cobalt (over 50% in DR of Congo), nickel (over 40% in Indonesia). Moreover, the degree of
processing is often crucial, potentially also making small reserves valuable, if fully processed.
In this context, China plays a crucial role, given its tight control over the global critical mineral
supply chain and refining capacity, including graphite, gallium and rare earths (Figure 10 &
Figure 11).  China's quasi-monopolistic position provides it with significant geopolitical
leverage. Other countries also use export controls for minerals where they have dominant
positions to gain strategic leverage, eg, Indonesia with nickel and bauxite.
FIGURE 10. Transition mineral mining is relatively concentrated...
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
Copper
Cobalt
Lithium
Nickel
Graphite
Rare Earths
Australia
China
Chile
Indonesia
Philippines
Mozambique
Madagascar
Myanmar
Democratic Republic of Congo
Peru
Rest of world
Share of global mining
Source: International Energy Agency (Licence CC BY 4.0), Barclays Research
8 September 2026
8
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 9]
6 See Trump administration to create a strategic reserve for rare earth elements, and Trump-Xi Meeting: US and China
Agree to Tariff, Rare Earth Concessions
FIGURE 11. ...although not as much as processing, where China dominates almost the entire value
chain
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
2024
2030
Copper
Cobalt
Lithium
Nickel
Graphite
Rare Earths
China
Russia
Finland
Chile
Indonesia
Malaysia
Rest of world
Share of global refining
Source: International Energy Agency (Licence CC BY 4.0), Barclays Research
Hence, critical minerals will likely play central roles in international negotiations about trade or
geopolitical settlements. The US tariff concession to Beijing in order to retain access to rare
earths and its plan to build its own rare earth mining and refining capacities are likely only the
beginning6 . Efforts to re-shore minerals mining and refining capacity are also likely to take time,
as shown by the persistent concentration of value chains projected out to 2030 (Figure 12).
Potential conflicts over critical minerals access in some of the already unstable African regions
are also likely. Australia could play an increasingly important role, given its abundance and
diversity of reserves in critical minerals and rare earths.
FIGURE 12. Mining and refining of select minerals, current vs 2030 projected
Source: IRENA
The key complement to resources in the ground are the capital flows to provide the necessary
financing. Here, capital-rich advanced economies such as those in Europe could try to increase
their role. However, as Figure 13 and Figure 14 show, despite the industrial strategy efforts of
governments in the West, building out a comprehensive and cost-effective 'mine to magnet'
value chain decoupled from China is extremely difficult and likely to take time.
8 September 2026
9
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 10]
FIGURE 13. Minerals comparative advantage by region (current)
FIGURE 14. Minerals comparative advantage by region (2030)
Region
Mining
Refining
Manufactur
ing
Recycling
EU
North America
China
Asia (ex-China)
Africa
South America
Region
Mining
Refining
Manufacturi
ng
Recycling
EU
North America
China
Asia (ex-China)
Africa
South America
Red denotes highest risk, green lowest
Red denotes highest risk, green lowest
Source: Barclays Research
Source: Barclays Research
Overall, economic statecraft involved in securing critical mineral supply chains will become a
mix of export controls, foreign investment restrictions, access to foreign capital, and sanctions,
possibly project focused and with changing alliances.
Bonding over grids and pipes
The need to build transmission grids for stable and broad electricity provision, as well as a
better infrastructure of pipelines, requires countries to cooperate. The exposure of Europe, and
especially Germany, to Russia through its gas pipelines has shown how such infrastructure can
turn from what was in principle a resilience (cheap energy from a neighbouring region) into a
vulnerability. In response, Europe has invested heavily in LNG infrastructure, which itself creates
new dependencies on imports, as well as the distribution from terminals to end-users. 
Electricity grids will play an even more important role, not only within countries, but also across
borders. The EU will need to build long-distance grids across national borders to ensure the
stable provision of electricity across Europe. Elsewhere, the Gulf Cooperation and the ASEAN
economies are building cross-border grid infrastructure to strengthen their regional electricity
systems.
For Europe, it could also make sense to build modern grid infrastructure (ie, HVDC technology)
to import solar-generated electricity from North Africa. Some projects already exist, such as the
Tunisia-Sicily interconnector (ELMED), and the European Commission is studying such large-
scale North African electricity imports. At the same time, Europe needs long-distance grids to
move electricity from wind turbines in the North Sea further south. Distributing electricity
within the continent is Europe's core challenge.
As countries build out increasingly intermittent grids with higher penetration of renewables,
this will increase the need for investment in grids as well as transmission and storage
technologies such as transformers, switchgears and batteries. As we wrote in our Network
Security series, our view is that we are on the cusp of a grid capex supercycle as investment in
transmission moves closer to parity with generation, creating a potential $600bn investment
opportunity. 
8 September 2026
10
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 11]
FIGURE 15. Global investment in grids lags significantly behind that
into energy generation assets
FIGURE 16. Rapid renewables growth has outstripped grid investment
growth, particularly in China and wider Asia
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
Energy generation assets
Grids
Global investment in 2024 ($bn)
-35%
-30%
-25%
-20%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
2021
2022
2023
2024
North America
Europe
China
Asia ex-China
LatAm
Global
Grid investment gap (%)
Global investment in grids lags significantly behind that into energy generation
assets
Grid investment gap is computed as the difference between grid investment and
renewable capacity growth rates. See Methodology for more details.
Source: IEA (2025), World Energy Investment 2025, CC BY 4.0
Source: BloombergNEF, Ember, Barclays Research
Industry allocation by energy availability
Cost always matters. Even if power can be generated in various ways, the costs of it vary largely.
For Europe, and Germany in particular, pipelined Russian gas was much cheaper than gas from
LNG shipments. Difficult-to-erect offshore wind parks are more costly than setting up onshore
solar panels in desert regions. Energy from an easily accessible geothermal source will be much
cheaper than that from a large-scale nuclear power plant, which take years to construct and
requires the storage of nuclear waste.
For this reason, energy-intensive industries such as aluminium smelters and chemical plants
move to locations where energy is abundant (eg, an aluminium smelter using geothermal in
Iceland) and/or provided more cheaply (chemical plants moving from Europe to the US and
China). For Europe, this means forging close ties with friendly energy-rich countries at its border
such as Norway and Iceland.
This trend of re-allocating industries could extend further to manufacturing and other
industries within the EU. With northern Europe cut off from Russian gas, southern regions such
as Spain are able to offer a cheaper energy mix of renewables and pipelined gas from North
Africa. This not only makes existing Spanish industries more competitive, but also has led to
energy-intensive investments, including data centres, to be directed towards Spain.
AI services as an 'energy export'
In a manufacturing-dominated world, cheap labour has typically been a crucial factor in the
allocation of production. When the ICT revolution of the 1990s made communication and the
exchange of information much easier, manufacturing was increasingly moved to regions
endowed with abundant cheap labour, especially China. As a consequence, global trade in
manufacturing goods soared with the well-established East-West pattern.
With value added increasingly generated by digital services, which also become ever more AI-
generated, endowment with cheap labour is diminishing in importance. The immense need for
electricity to run data centres renders energy abundance the crucial allocation factor. The
resulting exports of digital services will thus be an indirect export of cheap energy, in the way
that exports of manufacturing goods were effectively an export of cheap labour.
8 September 2026
11
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 12]
7 https://iea.blob.core.windows.net/assets/64594543-cf6e-4fd9-8238-d3cae35daf48/WorldEnergyInvestment2026.pdf
8 Hard data for 2015–2026 is from the IEA World Energy Investment 2026 database (total energy investment, constant 2025
USD at market exchange rates), divided by world GDP in constant 2025 USD (IMF WEO); 2025–26 are IEA estimates. No
consistent published energy-investment/GDP series exists prior to 2015; the earlier period (dashed) is an indicative
Barclays Research reconstruction, with the level and shape anchored on documented history — the 1970s oil-shock
investment super-cycle, the mid-1980s price collapse, the late-1990s trough, and the 2000s commodity-driven recovery.
Pre-2015 values are illustrative and should not be read as precise estimates.
The US is already an established digital services exporter, but other regions could follow in
exporting computing capacity. Saudi Arabia, UAE and Qatar, for example, are building solar and
wind farms in addition to being oil & gas rich. These provide electricity for domestic
consumption but also for data centre infrastructure in which the UAE and Saudi Arabia are
investing heavily. Their computing services can then be exported next to its traditional
hydrocarbon exports. High energy-cost regions such as Europe could be the potential buyers, as
they need computing capacity to train their AI models and may seek to diversify their providers.
How to finance it 
Total annual investments of 3-4% global GDP 
The new energy map will ultimately be shaped by access to capital. Global energy investment is
expected to reach $3.4trn in 2026, up 5% year-on-year and equivalent to approximately 2.7% of
global GDP (Figure 17).7 Around $2.2trn is directed towards renewables, nuclear, grids, storage,
low-emissions fuels, efficiency and electrification, versus $1.2trn for oil, natural gas and coal.
Hence, electricity-related capital spending now represents nearly 60% of total energy
investments, reflecting the growing needs from generation into grids, storage and end-use
electrification.
Such investment expenditure into energy (ie, not the total energy 'bill' nor the energy sector's
value added) had already been around 3% about a decade ago. It then fell during 2015-19
(towards 2.5%), as the post-2014 oil price fall sharply reduced fossil-fuel capex, which was not
fully offset by increased spending on clean-energy. With the onset of COVID in 2020, it
temporarily dropped even further, before returning to close to 3% in 2025/26. Going further
back into history, data becomes less reliable.8 Typically, however, energy investments were
relatively closely aligned with the price of oil, which incentivised investment activity in an oil-
dominated energy system. This explains energy investments as high as 4% of global GDP in the
late 70s/early 80s. 
FIGURE 17. Global energy investment as % GDP declined in the 2010s, but has picked up in recent
years
1.5%
2.0%
2.5%
3.0%
3.5%
4.0%
4.5%
1970
1975
1980
1985
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
Estimated
IEA
Global energy investment as % GDP
Source: IEA, IMF WEO, Barclays Research
8 September 2026
12
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 13]
The expansion of electricity demand, the replacement of ageing infrastructure and the need for
greater security and redundancy all point towards higher investment in the future. Under the
IEA’s Stated Policies Scenario, annual energy spending rises to $3.7trn by 2035. In more
electrification-intensive scenarios, power-sector investment alone could rise by nearly two-
thirds to $2.6trn annually, with grid investment increasing under every scenario.
These figures may still understate the full cost of resilience: alternative supply routes, spare
capacity, inventories and more diversified supply chains improve security, but also make the
system more expensive. All in all, a future decade of energy investments reaching 3-4% of global
GDP seems realistic.
Need and opportunity for private capital
Government balance sheets will not be able to finance this expansion of the energy-system
alone. Public budgets face competing demands from defence, healthcare, ageing populations
and higher debt-servicing costs. The thrust of energy-related investments will have to be private
capital. The role of government may be increasingly catalytic, absorbing early-stage risks,
providing guarantees and concessional capital, supporting first-of-a-kind technologies and
establishing predictable revenue frameworks that crowd in private investors. 
Most investment is already privately financed: around 75% of energy investment in 2025 was
financed from commercial sources, including corporate retained earnings, household savings
and debt from banks and other financial institutions. The remaining quarter came from
domestic and international public sources, including state equity, subsidies, tax incentives,
development finance and export credit. Banks, institutional investors, infrastructure funds,
private credit and corporate balance sheets will therefore need to provide the majority of
incremental capital. 
More geographically disbursed
The constraint is less the total availability of capital than its cost and geographical distribution.
China, the US and the EU account for around $2trn, or nearly 60%, of expected 2026 investment.
Emerging and developing economies excluding China receive less than 30% of the total.
However, this could change, as EM economies will account for most future energy-demand
growth and also become more attractive as energy sources diversify. 
The next ten years
Five trends
• Energy abundance will gain importance as a determinant of economic activity and
international trade, while abundant cheap labour becomes less significant.
• Electricity generation is key, which widens the energy sources to renewable (wind, solar,
geothermal, etc) and brings a refocus on nuclear. This redraws the global map of where
power can be generated cheaply.
• Electrification and renewable energy shifts vulnerabilities ‘upstream’ (grid infrastructure,
green tech access), while also creating new downstream dependencies for critical minerals,
which have a different geography than the traditional fossil fuel dependence.
• This requires large investments, favouring regions that are capital-rich and have abundance
of potential energy sources (eg, US, China). For capital-rich/energy-poor regions (eg, Europe,
Japan), it may require increasing foreign investments to capital-poor/energy-abundant
regions (Africa, LatAm) to secure energy sources and critical minerals.
8 September 2026
13
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 14]
• Similarly, capital-rich/energy-poor economies have a strong long-term incentive to invest in
potential breakthrough technologies such as fusion, which could potentially change the
entire energy landscape.
Regional dynamics
• North America looks very robust on all fronts. It combines large proven reserves in fossil
fuels with favourable geographies across the renewable spectrum (wind, solar, geothermal),
as well as the availability of capital to invest into advancing nuclear as well as other future
technologies.
• China looks similarly strong, even without as much fossil fuels of its own. Next to growing
nuclear power capacities, China is well ahead in the build-out of renewable energy
infrastructure and also dominates the global supply chain of the necessary technologies, not
only in manufacturing (eg, solar panels, batteries), but also in mining and refining the critical
minerals around it.
• Europe will need to use its capital richness to invest heavily in energy infrastructure: to
secure the availability of the still-needed fossil fuels (eg, additional gas and oil storage) and
grid capacity across Europe to support the build-out of renewables. The EU will want to keep
neighbouring energy-rich countries close (Norway, Iceland) and may also potentially seek to
tap solar power from North Africa. In principle, energy and commodity-rich Russia remains a
natural trading partner for Europe, but geopolitics seem unlikely to allow this for the
foreseeable future.
• The Middle East will likely be pulled economically eastward by Asia’s still-rising need for oil
and gas. At the same time, however, the Gulf region could become an indirect exporter of
energy (including from renewables) through potentially selling data centre services, including
to Europe.
• Africa, LatAm, and parts of Asia will look to gain from the growing global energy needs,
including from the focus on renewable and electrification. First, those countries with oil and
gas (eg, Nigeria, Libya, Angola, Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Malaysia) could benefit from
supply diversification away from the Middle East and Russia. Second, those with critical
mineral reserves (eg, Chile, DR Congo, Indonesia) will likely gain leverage over investments
from capital-rich countries. The rivalry between China, the US and Europe for securing
access to these critical mineral supply chains is likely to become a crucial geo-economic
power play, which could lead to increased capital flows into the relevant countries
• Australia stands out as being a capital-rich advanced economy blessed with an abundance of
renewable, fossil, and nuclear fuel deposits and large and diverse reserves of critical
minerals. This should make it an important geo-economic presence in the new global energy
ecosystem.
8 September 2026
14
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 15]
FIGURE 18. Comparative energy advantage across regions
Region
Oil 
gas
coal
tech
fuel access/processing
Sun
Wind
geothermal
hydro
Europe
North America
Japan
Australia
China
Russia
India
EM Asia
LatAm
Middle East
North Africa
Sub Saharan Africa
Comparative energy advantage
Hydrocarbons
Nuclear
Renewables
Strong = green, Medium = yellow, Weak = red. The heat map is a conceptual representation based on IEA World Energy Outlook 2024 report. 
Source: Barclays Research
 
8 September 2026
15
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 16]
CONTENTS
New relevance for an old topic. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
Facing a MESS: Molecules, Electrons, Science, Security. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
New maps for new energies. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
New alliances and new dependencies. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
How to finance it . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12
The next ten years. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13
8 September 2026
16
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 17]
Analyst(s) Certification(s):
We, Maggie O'Neal, Christian Keller, Akash Utsav and Jordan Isvy, hereby certify (1) that the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect
our personal views about any or all of the subject securities or issuers referred to in this research report and (2) no part of our compensation was, is or
will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this research report.
EQUITY: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
Barclays Research is produced by the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC and its affiliates (collectively and each individually, "Barclays"). All
authors contributing to this research report are Research Analysts unless otherwise indicated. The publication date at the top of the report reflects the
local time where the report was produced and may differ from the release date provided in GMT.
Availability of Disclosures:
Where any companies are the subject of this research report, for current important disclosures regarding those companies please refer to https://
publicresearch.barclays.com or alternatively send a written request to: Barclays Research Compliance, 745 Seventh Avenue, 13th Floor, New York, NY
10019 or call +1-212-526-1072.
The analysts responsible for preparing this research report have received compensation based upon various factors including the firm's total revenues,
a portion of which is generated by investment banking activities, the profitability and revenues of the Markets business and the potential interest of the
firm's investing clients in research with respect to the asset class covered by the analyst.
Research analysts employed outside the US by affiliates of Barclays Capital Inc. are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA. Such non-
US research analysts may not be associated persons of Barclays Capital Inc., which is a FINRA member, and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule
2241 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst’s account.
Analysts regularly conduct site visits to view the material operations of covered companies, but Barclays policy prohibits them from accepting payment
or reimbursement by any covered company of their travel expenses for such visits.
Barclays Research Department produces various types of research including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis,
quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of Barclays Research may differ from those contained in other types of
Barclays Research, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise.
In order to access Barclays Statement regarding Research Dissemination Policies and Procedures, please refer to https://
publicresearch.barclays.com/S/RD.htm. In order to access Barclays Research Conflict Management Policy Statement, please refer to: https://
publicresearch.barclays.com/S/CM.htm.
Risk Disclosure(s)
Master limited partnerships (MLPs) are pass-through entities structured as publicly listed partnerships. For tax purposes, distributions to MLP unit
holders may be treated as a return of principal. Investors should consult their own tax advisors before investing in MLP units.
Disclosure(s) regarding Information Sources
Bloomberg® is a trademark and service mark of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively “Bloomberg”) and the Bloomberg Indices are
trademarks of Bloomberg. Bloomberg or Bloomberg’s licensors own all proprietary rights in the Bloomberg Indices. Bloomberg does not approve or
endorse this material, or guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information herein, or make any warranty, express or implied, as to the results
to be obtained therefrom and, to the maximum extent allowed by law, Bloomberg shall have no liability or responsibility for injury or damages arising
in connection therewith.
Types of investment recommendations produced by Barclays Equity Research:
In addition to any ratings assigned under Barclays’ formal rating systems, this publication may contain investment recommendations in the form of
trade ideas, thematic screens, scorecards or portfolio recommendations that have been produced by analysts within Equity Research. Any such
investment recommendations shall remain open until they are subsequently amended, rebalanced or closed in a future research report.
Barclays may also re-distribute equity research reports produced by third-party research providers that contain recommendations that differ from
and/or conflict with those published by Barclays’ Equity Research Department.
 
Disclosure of other investment recommendations produced by Barclays Equity Research:
Barclays Equity Research may have published other investment recommendations in respect of the same securities/instruments recommended in this
research report during the preceding 12 months. To view all investment recommendations published by Barclays Equity Research in the preceding 12
months please refer to https://live.barcap.com/go/research/Recommendations.
Legal entities involved in producing Barclays Research:
Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays, UK)
Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI, US)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Frankfurt Branch (BBI, Frankfurt)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Paris Branch (BBI, Paris)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Milan Branch (BBI, Milan)
Barclays Securities Japan Limited (BSJL, Japan)
Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch (Barclays Bank, Hong Kong)
Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. (BBMX, Mexico)
Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (BCCB, Mexico)
Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited (BSIPL, India)
8 September 2026
17
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 18]
Barclays Bank PLC, Singapore Branch (Barclays Bank, Singapore)
Barclays Bank PLC, DIFC Branch (Barclays Bank, DIFC)
FICC: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
Barclays Research is produced by the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC and its affiliates (collectively and each individually, "Barclays").
All authors contributing to this research report are Research Analysts unless otherwise indicated. The publication date at the top of the report reflects
the local time where the report was produced and may differ from the release date provided in GMT.
Availability of Disclosures:
For current important disclosures regarding any issuers which are the subject of this research report please refer to https://
publicresearch.barclays.com or alternatively send a written request to: Barclays Research Compliance, 745 Seventh Avenue, 13th Floor, New York, NY
10019 or call +1-212-526-1072.
Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its affiliates does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors
should be aware that Barclays may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its
affiliates regularly trades, generally deals as principal and generally provides liquidity (as market maker or otherwise) in the debt securities that are the
subject of this research report (and related derivatives thereof). Barclays trading desks may have either a long and / or short position in such securities,
other financial instruments and / or derivatives, which may pose a conflict with the interests of investing customers. Where permitted and subject to
appropriate information barrier restrictions, Barclays fixed income research analysts regularly interact with its trading desk personnel regarding
current market conditions and prices. Barclays fixed income research analysts receive compensation based on various factors including, but not
limited to, the quality of their work, the overall performance of the firm (including the profitability of the Investment Banking Department), the
profitability and revenues of the Markets business and the potential interest of the firm's investing clients in research with respect to the asset class
covered by the analyst. To the extent that any historical pricing information was obtained from Barclays trading desks, the firm makes no
representation that it is accurate or complete. All levels, prices and spreads are historical and do not necessarily represent current market levels, prices
or spreads, some or all of which may have changed since the publication of this document. Barclays Research Department produces various types of
research including, but not limited to, fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations and
trade ideas contained in one type of Barclays Research may differ from those contained in other types of Barclays Research, whether as a result of
differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise.
In order to access Barclays Statement regarding Research Dissemination Policies and Procedures, please refer to https://
publicresearch.barclays.com/S/RD.htm. In order to access Barclays Research Conflict Management Policy Statement, please refer to: https://
publicresearch.barclays.com/S/CM.htm.
Disclosure(s) regarding Information Sources
Bloomberg® is a trademark and service mark of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively “Bloomberg”) and the Bloomberg Indices are
trademarks of Bloomberg. Bloomberg or Bloomberg’s licensors own all proprietary rights in the Bloomberg Indices. Bloomberg does not approve or
endorse this material, or guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information herein, or make any warranty, express or implied, as to the results
to be obtained therefrom and, to the maximum extent allowed by law, Bloomberg shall have no liability or responsibility for injury or damages arising
in connection therewith.
Types of investment recommendations produced by Barclays FICC Research:
In addition to any ratings assigned under Barclays’ formal rating systems, this publication may contain investment recommendations in the form of
trade ideas, thematic screens, scorecards or portfolio recommendations that have been produced by analysts in FICC Research. Any such investment
recommendations produced by non-Credit Research teams, including Sustainable Investing shall remain open until they are subsequently amended,
rebalanced or closed in a future research report. Credit Factor Views remain open until periodically amended or subsequently closed in a future
research report. Any other investment recommendations produced by the Credit Research teams are valid at current market conditions and may not
be otherwise relied upon.
 
Disclosure of other investment recommendations produced by Barclays FICC Research:
Barclays FICC Research may have published other investment recommendations in respect of the same securities/instruments recommended in this
research report during the preceding 12 months. To view all investment recommendations published by Barclays FICC Research in the preceding 12
months please refer to https://live.barcap.com/go/research/Recommendations.
Barclays does not assign ratings to asset backed securities. Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its affiliates may have acted as an underwriter for public
offerings of any asset backed securities that are otherwise recommended in trade ideas contained within its securitised research reports.
Legal entities involved in producing Barclays Research:
Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays, UK)
Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI, US)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Frankfurt Branch (BBI, Frankfurt)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Paris Branch (BBI, Paris)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Milan Branch (BBI, Milan)
Barclays Securities Japan Limited (BSJL, Japan)
Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch (Barclays Bank, Hong Kong)
Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. (BBMX, Mexico)
Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (BCCB, Mexico)
Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited (BSIPL, India)
8 September 2026
18
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 19]
Barclays Bank PLC, Singapore Branch (Barclays Bank, Singapore)
Barclays Bank PLC, DIFC Branch (Barclays Bank, DIFC)
Disclaimer:
This publication has been produced by Barclays Research Department in the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC and/or one or more of its affiliates
(collectively and each individually, "Barclays").
It has been prepared for institutional investors and not for retail investors. It has been distributed by one or more Barclays affiliated legal entities listed
below or by an independent and non-affiliated third-party entity (as may be communicated to you by such third-party entity in its communications
with you). It is provided for information purposes only, and Barclays makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims all warranties of
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to any data included in this publication. Barclays may provide research to certain
categories of recipients that do not use it for investment purposes, including public and private companies in covered industries, media organisations,
regulators, and academic institutions that use such research for their own internal informational, news gathering, regulatory or academic purposes. To
the extent that this publication states on the front page that it is intended for institutional investors and is not subject to all of the independence and
disclosure standards applicable to debt research reports prepared for retail investors under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242, it is an “institutional debt research
report” and distribution to retail investors is strictly prohibited. Media organisations are prohibited from re-publishing any opinion or recommendation
concerning a debt issuer or debt security contained in any Barclays institutional debt research report. Any recipients that do not want to continue
receiving Barclays institutional debt research reports should contact debtresearch@barclays.com. Unless clients have agreed to receive “institutional
debt research reports” as required by US FINRA Rule 2242, they will not receive any such reports that may be co-authored by non-debt research
analysts. Eligible clients may get access to such cross asset reports by contacting debtresearch@barclays.com. Barclays will not treat unauthorized
recipients of this report as its clients and accepts no liability for use by them of the contents which may not be suitable for their personal use. Prices
shown are indicative and Barclays is not offering to buy or sell or soliciting offers to buy or sell any financial instrument.
Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the extent permitted by law, in no event shall Barclays, nor any affiliate, nor any of their respective officers,
directors, partners, or employees have any liability for (a) any special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages; or (b) any lost profits, lost revenue,
loss of anticipated savings or loss of opportunity or other financial loss, even if notified of the possibility of such damages, arising from any use of this
publication or its contents.
Other than disclosures relating to Barclays, the information contained in this publication (including third-party data) has been obtained from sources
that Barclays Research believes to be reliable, but Barclays does not represent or warrant that it is accurate or complete. Third-party data, including
third-party forecasts and predictions, is provided for information purposes only, has not been adopted or endorsed by Barclays, and does not
represent the views or opinions of Barclays. Presentations by Third-Party Speakers: Any views or opinions expressed by third-party speakers during a
Barclays-hosted event are solely those of the speaker and do not represent the views or opinions of Barclays. Barclays is not responsible for, and
makes no warranties whatsoever as to, the information or opinions contained in any written, electronic, audio or video presentations by any third-
party speakers, and such presentations have not been adopted or endorsed by Barclays and do not represent the views or opinions of Barclays.
Content from third-party presentations is provided for information purposes only and has not been independently verified by Barclays for its accuracy
or completeness.
The views in this publication are solely and exclusively those of the authoring analyst(s) and are subject to change, and Barclays Research has no
obligation to update its opinions or the information in this publication. Unless otherwise disclosed herein, the analysts who authored this report have
not received any compensation from the subject companies in the past 12 months. If this publication contains recommendations, they are general
recommendations that were prepared independently of any other interests, including those of Barclays and/or its affiliates, and/or the subject
companies. This publication does not contain personal investment recommendations or investment advice or take into account the individual financial
circumstances or investment objectives of the clients who receive it. Barclays is not a fiduciary to any recipient of this publication. The securities and
other investments discussed herein may not be suitable for all investors and may not be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. The United States
imposed sanctions on certain Chinese companies (https://ofac.treasury.gov/sanctions-programs-and-country-information/chinese-military-
companies-sanctions), which may restrict U.S. persons from purchasing securities issued by those companies. Investors must independently evaluate
the merits and risks of the investments discussed herein, including any sanctions restrictions that may apply, consult any independent advisors they
believe necessary, and exercise independent judgment with regard to any investment decision. The value of and income from any investment may
fluctuate from day to day as a result of changes in relevant economic markets (including changes in market liquidity). The information herein is not
intended to predict actual results, which may differ substantially from those reflected. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results.
The information provided does not constitute a financial benchmark and should not be used as a submission or contribution of input data for the
purposes of determining a financial benchmark.
This publication is not investment company sales literature as defined by Section 270.24(b) of the US Investment Company Act of 1940, nor is it
intended to constitute an offer, promotion or recommendation of, and should not be viewed as marketing (including, without limitation, for the
purposes of the UK Alternative Investment Fund Managers Regulations 2013 (SI 2013/1773) or AIFMD (Directive 2011/61)) or pre-marketing (including,
without limitation, for the purposes of Directive (EU) 2019/1160) of the securities, products or issuers that are the subject of this report.
Third Party Distribution: Any views expressed in this communication are solely those of Barclays and have not been adopted or endorsed by any third
party distributor.
United Kingdom: This document is being distributed (1) only by or with the approval of an authorised person (Barclays Bank PLC) or (2) to, and is
directed at (a) persons in the United Kingdom having professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of
"investment professionals" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the "Order"); or (b) high
net worth companies, unincorporated associations and partnerships and trustees of high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) of the Order; or (c)
other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons being "Relevant Persons"). Any investment or investment activity
to which this communication relates is only available to and will only be engaged in with Relevant Persons. Any other persons who receive this
communication should not rely on or act upon it. Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and is a member of the London Stock Exchange.
European Economic Area (“EEA”): This material is being distributed to any “Authorised User” located in a Restricted EEA Country by Barclays Bank
Ireland PLC. The Restricted EEA Countries are Austria, Bulgaria, Estonia, Finland, Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
8 September 2026
19
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 20]
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. For any other “Authorised User” located in a country of the European Economic Area, this material is being
distributed by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is a bank authorised by the Central Bank of Ireland whose registered office is at 1
Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Barclays Bank PLC is not registered in France with the Autorité des marchés financiers or the Autorité de contrôle
prudentiel. Authorised User means each individual associated with the Client who is notified by the Client to Barclays and authorised to use the
Research Services. The Restricted EEA Countries will be amended if required.
Finland: Notwithstanding Finland’s status as a Restricted EEA Country, Research Services may also be provided by Barclays Bank PLC where permitted
by the terms of its cross-border license.
Americas: The Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC undertakes U.S. securities business in the name of its wholly owned subsidiary Barclays Capital
Inc., a FINRA and SIPC member. Barclays Capital Inc., a U.S. registered broker/dealer, is distributing this material in the United States and, in
connection therewith accepts responsibility for its contents. Any U.S. person wishing to effect a transaction in any security discussed herein should do
so only by contacting a representative of Barclays Capital Inc. in the U.S. at 745 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019.
Non-U.S. persons should contact and execute transactions through a Barclays Bank PLC branch or affiliate in their home jurisdiction unless local
regulations permit otherwise.
This material is distributed in Canada by Barclays Capital Canada Inc., a registered investment dealer, a Dealer Member of Canadian Investment
Regulatory Organization (www.ciro.ca), and a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund (CIPF).
This material is distributed in Mexico by Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. and/or Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. This material is distributed in the
Cayman Islands and in the Bahamas by Barclays Capital Inc., which it is not licensed or registered to conduct and does not conduct business in, from or
within those jurisdictions and has not filed this material with any regulatory body in those jurisdictions.
Japan: This material is being distributed to institutional investors in Japan by Barclays Securities Japan Limited. Barclays Securities Japan Limited is a
joint-stock company incorporated in Japan with registered office of 6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6131, Japan. It is a subsidiary of Barclays
Bank PLC and a registered financial instruments firm regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan. Registered Number: Kanto Zaimukyokucho
(kinsho) No. 143.
Asia Pacific (excluding Japan): Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch is distributing this material in Hong Kong as an authorised institution regulated
by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Registered Office: 41/F, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.
All Indian securities-related research and other equity research produced by Barclays’ Investment Bank are distributed in India by Barclays Securities
(India) Private Limited (BSIPL). BSIPL is a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 having CIN U67120MH2006PTC161063. BSIPL is
registered and regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Research Analyst: INH000001519; Portfolio Manager INP000002585;
Stock Broker INZ000269539 (member of NSE and BSE); Depository Participant with the National Securities & Depositories Limited (NSDL): DP ID: IN-DP-
NSDL-478-2020; Investment Adviser: INA000000391. BSIPL is also registered as a Mutual Fund Advisor having AMFI ARN No. 53308. The registered office
of BSIPL is at Nirlon Knowledge Park, 9th floor, Block B-6, Off. Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400063, India. Telephone No: +91
22 61754000 Fax number: +91 22 61754099. Any other reports produced by Barclays’ Investment Bank are distributed in India by Barclays Bank PLC,
India Branch, an associate of BSIPL in India that is registered with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as a Banking Company under the provisions of The
Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (Regn No BOM43) and registered with SEBI as Merchant Banker (Regn No INM000002129) and also as Banker to the Issue
(Regn No INBI00000950). Barclays Investments and Loans (India) Limited, registered with RBI as Non Banking Financial Company (Regn No RBI
CoR-07-00258), and Barclays Wealth Trustees (India) Private Limited, registered with Registrar of Companies (CIN U93000MH2008PTC188438), are
associates of BSIPL in India that are not authorised to distribute any reports produced by Barclays’ Investment Bank.
This material is distributed in Singapore by the Singapore Branch of Barclays Bank PLC, a bank licensed in Singapore by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore. For matters in connection with this material, recipients in Singapore may contact the Singapore branch of Barclays Bank PLC, whose
registered address is 10 Marina Boulevard, #23-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, Singapore 018983.
This material, where distributed to persons in Australia, is produced or provided by Barclays Bank PLC.
This communication is directed at persons who are a “Wholesale Client” as defined by the Australian Corporations Act 2001.
Please note that the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) has provided certain exemptions to Barclays Bank PLC (BBPLC) under
paragraph 911A(2)(l) of the Corporations Act 2001 from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence (AFSL) in respect of financial
services provided to Australian Wholesale Clients, on the basis that BBPLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom
(PRA) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of the United Kingdom and the PRA under United Kingdom laws. The United Kingdom
has laws which differ from Australian laws. To the extent that this communication involves the provision of financial services by BBPLC to Australian
Wholesale Clients, BBPLC relies on the relevant exemption from the requirement to hold an AFSL. Accordingly, BBPLC does not hold an AFSL.
This communication may be distributed to you by either: (i) Barclays Bank PLC directly, (ii) Barrenjoey Markets Pty Limited (ACN 636 976 059,
“Barrenjoey”), the holder of Australian Financial Services Licence (AFSL) 521800, a non-affiliated third party distributor, where clearly identified to you
by Barrenjoey. Barrenjoey is not an agent of Barclays Bank PLC or (iii) such other non-affiliated third-party distributor(s) as may be clearly identified to
you. Such non-affiliated third-party distributor(s) are not agents of Barclays Bank PLC.
This material, where distributed in New Zealand, is produced or provided by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC is not registered, filed with or
approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority. This material is not provided under or in accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act of
2013 (“FMCA”), and is not a disclosure document or “financial advice” under the FMCA. This material is distributed to you by either: (i) Barclays Bank
PLC directly or (ii) Barrenjoey Markets Pty Limited (“Barrenjoey”), a non-affiliated third party distributor, where clearly identified to you by Barrenjoey.
Barrenjoey is not an agent of Barclays Bank PLC. This material may only be distributed to “wholesale investors” that meet the “investment business”,
“investment activity”, “large”, or “government agency” criteria specified in Schedule 1 of the FMCA.
Middle East: Nothing herein should be considered investment advice as defined in the Israeli Regulation of Investment Advisory, Investment Marketing
and Portfolio Management Law, 1995 (“Advisory Law”). This document is being made to eligible clients (as defined under the Advisory Law) only.
Barclays Israeli branch previously held an investment marketing license with the Israel Securities Authority but it cancelled such license on 30/11/2014
as it solely provides its services to eligible clients pursuant to available exemptions under the Advisory Law, therefore a license with the Israel
Securities Authority is not required. Accordingly, Barclays does not maintain an insurance coverage pursuant to the Advisory Law.
8 September 2026
20
Barclays | Thinking Macro


[Page 21]
This material is distributed in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre) and Qatar by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays
Bank PLC in the Dubai International Financial Centre (Registered No. 0060) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). Principal
place of business in the Dubai International Financial Centre: The Gate Village, Building 4, Level 4, PO Box 506504, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
Barclays Bank PLC-DIFC Branch, may only undertake the financial services activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA licence. Related
financial products or services are only available to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Barclays Bank PLC in the
UAE is regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE and is licensed to conduct business activities as a branch of a commercial bank incorporated outside
the UAE in Dubai (Licence No.: 13/1844/2008, Registered Office: Building No. 6, Burj Dubai Business Hub, Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai City) and Abu Dhabi
(Licence No.: 13/952/2008, Registered Office: Al Jazira Towers, Hamdan Street, PO Box 2734, Abu Dhabi). This material does not constitute or form part
of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or purchase, any securities or investment products in the UAE (including the
Dubai International Financial Centre) and accordingly should not be construed as such. Furthermore, this information is being made available on the
basis that the recipient acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities to which it may relate have not been approved, licensed by or
registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority or any other relevant licensing authority or governmental agency in the
UAE. The content of this report has not been approved by or filed with the UAE Central Bank or Dubai Financial Services Authority. Barclays Bank PLC in
the Qatar Financial Centre (Registered No. 00018) is authorised by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Barclays Bank PLC-QFC
Branch may only undertake the regulated activities that fall within the scope of its existing QFCRA licence. Principal place of business in Qatar: Qatar
Financial Centre, Office 1002, 10th Floor, QFC Tower, Diplomatic Area, West Bay, PO Box 15891, Doha, Qatar. Related financial products or services are
only available to Business Customers as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This material is not intended for investors who are not Qualified Investors according to the laws of the Russian Federation as it might contain
information about or description of the features of financial instruments not admitted for public offering and/or circulation in the Russian Federation
and thus not eligible for non-Qualified Investors. If you are not a Qualified Investor according to the laws of the Russian Federation, please dispose of
any copy of this material in your possession.
Sustainable Investing Related Research: There is currently no globally accepted framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor
market consensus as to what constitutes a ‘sustainable’, ‘ESG’, ‘green’, ‘climate-friendly’ or an equivalent company, investment, strategy or
consideration or what precise attributes are required to be eligible to be categorised by such terms. This means there are different ways to evaluate a
company or an investment and so different values may be placed on certain sustainability credentials as well as adverse ESG-related impacts of
companies and ESG controversies. The evolving nature of sustainable investing considerations, models and methodologies means it can be
challenging to definitively and universally classify a company or investment under a sustainable investing label and there may be areas where such
companies and investments could improve or where adverse ESG-related impacts or ESG controversies exist. The evolving nature of sustainable
finance related regulations and the development of jurisdiction-specific regulatory criteria also means that there is likely to be a degree of divergence
as to the interpretation of such terms in the market. We expect industry guidance, market practice, and regulations in this field to continue to evolve.
Any information, data, image, or other content including from a third party source contained, referred to herein or used for whatsoever purpose by
Barclays or a third party (“Information”), in relation to any actual or potential ‘ESG’, ‘sustainable' or equivalent objective, issue, factor or consideration
is not intended to be relied upon for ESG or sustainability classification, regulatory regime or industry initiative purposes (“ESG Regimes”), unless
otherwise stated. Nothing in these materials, including any images included therein, is intended to convey, suggest or indicate that Barclays considers
or represents any product, service, person or body mentioned in these materials as meeting or qualifying for any ESG or sustainability classification,
label or similar standards that may exist under ESG Regimes. Barclays has not conducted any assessment of compliance with ESG Regimes. Parties are
reminded to make their own assessments for these purposes.
IRS Circular 230 Prepared Materials Disclaimer: Barclays does not provide tax advice and nothing contained herein should be construed to be tax
advice. Please be advised that any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) (i) is not intended or written to be used,
and cannot be used, by you for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties; and (ii) was written to support the promotion or marketing of the
transactions or other matters addressed herein. Accordingly, you should seek advice based on your particular circumstances from an independent tax
advisor.
© Copyright Barclays Bank PLC (2026). All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or redistributed in any manner without the
prior written permission of Barclays. Barclays Bank PLC is registered in England No. 1026167. Registered office 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP.
Additional information regarding this publication will be furnished upon request.
BRND2026
8 September 2026
21
Barclays | Thinking Macro
