[Page 1]
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Asset Management, Bloomberg, Haver and MSCI. As of September 1, 2026. “We/Our” refers to Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management. The macro and market views expressed may differ from those of GIR and other divisions of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates. See page 4 
for additional disclosures. The economic and market forecasts presented herein are for informational purposes as of the date of this document. There 
can be no assurance that the forecasts will be achieved. Past performance does not predict future returns and does not guarantee future 
results, which may vary. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES USE ONLY – NOT FOR USE AND/OR DISTRIBUTION TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
MARKET PULSE 
GOLDMAN SACHS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
1 
 
SEPTEMBER 2026 
SAS MARKET STRATEGY 
Market Pulse 
Macro Views 
Growth: Global economies have been surprisingly resilient as 
consumer spending remains healthy, AI infrastructure investment 
robust, and oil demand more flexible than anticipated. Looking 
ahead, we expect GDP growth to re-accelerate in 2027, with 
stimulus running Europe and Japan above potential at 1.2% and 
private sector investment driving US growth at 2.1%. 
Inflation: US inflation continues to make progress and we 
expect core PCE inflation to fall near 2% in 2027. Temporary 
drivers such as tariffs, AI shortages, energy price passthrough, 
and portfolio management fees are likely to subside while 
structural drivers such as wage and housing inflation  
remain subdued. 
Monetary Policy: Fed pricing has turned more hawkish, even as 
inflation and labor data has softened. Ambiguity around the new 
Chair’s reaction function may raise rate volatility in the near-term 
as there is more uncertainty in each meeting. Meanwhile, 
markets are now expecting a hike from both the ECB and BoJ in 
September. We think the ECB will then hold at 2.5%, while the 
BoJ may raise two more times in 2027. 
Chart of the Month: Midterms and Markets 
 
Market Views 
Equities: We remain constructive on equities as exceptional 
earnings and strong corporate fundamentals drive returns. 
Consensus expects 2026 EPS growth of 31% in the US, 17% in 
Europe, 18% in Japan, and more than 70% in EM. Potential risks 
exist, including such lofty expectations, AI surprises, and 
upcoming election cycles – which historically are preceded by a 
pickup in volatility. However, as geopolitical uncertainty clears, 
we believe markets can return to fundamentals and continue the 
march higher. 
Fixed Income: We are focused on carry potential in higher 
quality and core fixed income, maintaining neutral duration 
exposure and being selective in corporate credit given tight 
spreads. In the US, we see TIPS as a worthwhile inflation hedge to 
address tail-risk. 
Alternatives: We see potential for alternative investments, both 
private market strategies and public replicators, to provide 
additional diversification to portfolios. Hedge funds historically 
outperform 60/40 portfolios when equity and rate volatility rises. 
Private infrastructure and real estate strategies are beneficiaries 
of AI investment, including data centers and power generation. 
While broad private equity historically trails public markets 
during bull runs, we think growth equity may offer interesting 
exposure to AI. 
Valuations Across Assets (Historical Percentile) 
 
-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
$85
$90
$95
$100
$105
$110
$115
S&P 500 Returns (LHS)
Equity Volatility (RHS)
Growth of $100
Change in VIX (%)
Weeks Away From Election
0.95
0.98
0.84
0.63
0.98
0.94
0.95
0.98
0.94
0.03
0.10
0.06
0.25
US
Euro Area
Japan
EM
US HY
EUR HY
EMBI
US IG
EUR IG
US
Germany
UK
Japan
Equity Risk
Premium
Credit
10y Real Rates
6M Ago
Bars Represent Current Valuation
Less 
More 
Expensive


[Page 2]
 
SEPTEMBER 2026 
“We/Our” refers to Goldman Sachs Asset Management. The economic and market forecasts presented herein are for informational purposes as of the 
date of this document. Goldman Sachs does not provide accounting, tax or legal advice. Please see additional disclosures at the end of this document. 
There is no guarantee that objectives will be met. There can be no assurance that forecasts will be achieved. Past performance does not predict 
future returns and does not guarantee future results, which may vary. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES USE ONLY – NOT FOR USE AND/OR DISTRIBUTION TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
MARKET PULSE 
GOLDMAN SACHS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
2 
Remodeling Total Portfolio Solutions 
Multi-asset portfolios are evolving as market dynamics change and technology allows for more sophisticated solutions. We 
believe well diversified portfolios today incorporate a range of asset classes and risk factors, from traditional equity and fixed 
income to alternatives and buffer strategies. They may also incorporate ETFs, SMAs, direct indexing, and evergreen alternatives 
all in a single managed account, adding potential tax alpha and illiquidity premiums to total portfolio returns. 
Managing Bull Markets and Potential Volatility
 
Source: Bloomberg and Goldman Sachs Asset Management. As of August 31, 2026. 
Strong earnings and a resilient economy 
have driven equities this year. We believe 
the trend is still higher but recognize risks 
from geopolitics to rates to AI. Pullbacks 
in this context are historically normal, and 
we may see pockets of volatility ahead. 
We are responsibly bullish – constructive 
on market beta yet believers that there 
are better ways to take risk in portfolios. 
That includes option strategies that aim 
to enhance income and buffer downside 
risk, tax loss harvesting, and 
diversification. 
Diversify Beyond Stocks and Bonds
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Asset Management. As of August 31, 2026. 
Diversification in the modern portfolio 
has evolved beyond a simple mix of 
stocks and bonds. Adding higher-beta 
exposures like EM and small caps, 
together with diversifiers such as 
alternatives, can widen what a portfolio 
can pursue. Fixed income does more than 
one job too, spanning core bonds and 
securities designed to keep pace with 
inflation. Based on independent risk 
factors, we believe each building block 
earns its place for a specific reason. The 
result is a portfolio designed for a wider 
range of market conditions.
Aiming to Add Value at Every Step
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Asset Management. As of August 31, 2026. 
A personalized multi-asset portfolio is 
built on individual goals, but the 
foundation is the asset allocation. More 
than 90% of portfolio return variation is 
driven by asset allocation – both strategic 
(over a 10-15 year horizon) and dynamic 
(based on short- and medium-term 
market fundamentals). From there, we 
believe thoughtful manager selection and 
disciplined portfolio construction and risk 
management each add to the result. 
 
 
 
100%
70%
60%
30%
92%
61%
44%
22%
-5%
-10%
-15%
-20%
When Valuations are High
Unconditional
Probability of S&P 500
Drawdown Within a Year (%) 
Magnitude of Drawdown (%)
40%
60%
30%
40%
14%
10%
6%
Core Equity
Core Fixed Income
Alternatives
Higher-Beta Equity
Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS)
Modern Multi-Asset
Portfolio 
Traditional 60/40
Portfolio
Multi-Asset
Portfolios
Portfolio Goals
Strategic Asset
Allocation
Dynamic Asset
Allocation
Manager &
Fund Selection
Portfolio Construction
& Risk Management


[Page 3]
 
SEPTEMBER 2026 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES USE ONLY – NOT FOR USE AND/OR DISTRIBUTION TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
MARKET PULSE 
GOLDMAN SACHS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
3 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
1. Chart of the Month: Source: Bloomberg and Goldman Sachs Asset Management. As of August 31, 2026. Chart shows the average performance of 
the S&P 500 and VIX Index around the 1994, 1998, 2002, 2006, 2010, 2014, 2018, and 2022 midterm elections. Past performance does not 
predict future returns and does not guarantee future results, which may vary. 
2. Valuations Across Assets (Historical Percentile): Source: Bloomberg, Haver, MSCI and Goldman Sachs Asset Management. As of September 1, 2026. 
Chart shows the Equity Risk Premium = 12M forward earnings yield (1 / Bloomberg Best 12M forward P/E) less 10Y real yield; country-specific for 
US/Japan, Germany for Europe and the US for EM. Credit = respective index spreads; 10Y real yields = 10Y nominal yield less 10Y breakeven 
inflation. Historical percentile: Monthly observations since November 2006 are used to rank each valuation metric against its historical distribution.  
Page 1 Definitions 
AI refers to artificial intelligence 
Bp refers to basis point, or 1/100th of a percent 
BoJ refers to Bank of Japan 
ECB refers to European Central Bank 
EM refers to emerging markets 
GIR refers to Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research 
Hawkish refers to monetary policy that raises interest rates 
PCE refers to personal consumption expenditures  
TIPS refers to Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities 
Page 2 Notes 
Top Section Notes: Chart shows the historical frequency of different magnitudes of US equity market peak to trough drawdowns at any point within a 
year. Probability of drawdown is conditional on US equity valuation being in the 9th or 10th decile. “Bullish” refers to a positive view.  
Middle Section Notes: Chart shows illustrative portfolio weights for a traditional 60/40 portfolio and a modern multi-asset portfolio.  
Bottom Section Notes: Chart shows the illustrative building blocks of multi-asset portfolios.  
Index Benchmarks 
The S&P 500 Index is the Standard & Poor's 500 Composite Stock Prices Index of 500 stocks, an unmanaged index of common stock prices. The index 
figures do not reflect any deduction for fees, expenses or taxes. It is not possible to invest directly in an unmanaged index. 
The STOXX Europe 600 Index is derived from the STOXX Europe Total Market Index (TMI) and is a subset of the STOXX Global 1800 Index. With a fixed 
number of 600 components, the STOXX Europe 600 Index represents large, mid and small capitalization companies across 18 countries in Europe. 
The Japan TOPIX Index is a capitalization-weighted index of the largest companies found in the First Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. 
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index captures large and mid cap representation across 24 Emerging Markets (EM) countries. 
Indices are unmanaged. The figures for the index reflect the reinvestment of all income or dividends, but do not reflect the deduction of any fees or 
expenses which would reduce returns. Investors cannot invest directly in indices. 
The indices referenced herein have been selected because they are well known, easily recognized by investors, and reflect those indices that the 
Investment Manager believes, in part based on industry practice, provide an appropriate benchmark against which to evaluate the investment or 
broader market described herein. 
RISK CONSIDERATIONS 
Please note that this material may constitute research or an inducement under Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID). If you are in any 
doubt whether you can continue to receive or access this material, please consult your professional adviser. If you determine that you cannot continue 
to receive or access this material, please speak with your usual Goldman Sachs Asset Management contact. 
Equity securities are more volatile than bonds and subject to greater risks. Foreign and emerging markets investments may be more volatile and less 
liquid than investments in US securities and are subject to the risks of currency fluctuations and adverse economic or political developments. 
Investments in commodities may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates or factors 
affecting a particular industry or commodity. The currency market affords investors a substantial degree of leverage. This leverage presents the 
potential for substantial profits but also entails a high degree of risk including the risk that losses may be similarly substantial. Currency fluctuations 
will also affect the value of an investment. 
Investments in fixed income securities are subject to the risks associated with debt securities generally, including credit, liquidity, interest rate, 
prepayment and extension risk. Bond prices fluctuate inversely to changes in interest rates. Therefore, a general rise in interest rates can result in the 
decline in the bond’s price.  The value of securities with variable and floating interest rates are generally less sensitive to interest rate changes than 
securities with fixed interest rates. Variable and floating rate securities may decline in value if interest rates do not move as expected. Conversely, 
variable and floating rate securities will not generally rise in value if market interest rates decline. Credit risk is the risk that an issuer will default on 
payments of interest and principal. Credit risk is higher when investing in high yield bonds, also known as junk bonds. Prepayment risk is the risk that 
the issuer of a security may pay off principal more quickly than originally anticipated. Extension risk is the risk that the issuer of a security may pay off 
principal more slowly than originally anticipated. All fixed income investments may be worth less than their original cost upon redemption or maturity. 
International securities may be more volatile and less liquid and are subject to the risks of adverse economic or political developments. International 
securities are subject to greater risk of loss as a result of, but not limited to, the following: inadequate regulations, volatile securities markets, adverse 
exchange rates, and social, political, military, regulatory, economic or environmental developments, or natural disasters. 
When interest rates increase, fixed income securities will generally decline in value. Fluctuations in interest rates may also affect the yield and liquidity 
of fixed income securities. 
Emerging markets investments may be less liquid and are subject to greater risk than developed market investments as a result of, but not limited to, 
the following: inadequate regulations, volatile securities markets, adverse exchange rates, and social, political, military, regulatory, economic or 
environmental developments, or natural disasters. 
Commodities greater volatility than investments in traditional securities. Investments in commodities may be affected by changes in overall market 
movements, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity. Commodities are also subject to social, political, 
military, regulatory, economic, environmental or natural disaster risks. 


[Page 4]
 
SEPTEMBER 2026 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES USE ONLY – NOT FOR USE AND/OR DISTRIBUTION TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
MARKET PULSE 
GOLDMAN SACHS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
4 
Infrastructure investments are susceptible to various factors that may negatively impact their businesses or operations, including regulatory 
compliance, rising interest costs in connection with capital construction, governmental constraints that impact publicly funded projects, the effects of 
general economic conditions, increased competition, commodity costs, energy policies, unfavorable tax laws or accounting policies and high leverage. 
The risk of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may cause the value of securities denominated in such foreign currency to decline in value. 
Currency exchange rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time. These risks may be more pronounced for investments in securities of 
issuers located in, or otherwise economically tied to, emerging countries. If applicable, investment techniques used to attempt to reduce the risk of 
currency movements (hedging), may not be effective. Hedging also involves additional risks associated with derivatives. 
High-yield, lower-rated securities involve greater price volatility and present greater credit risks than higher-rated fixed income securities. 
An investment in private credit and private equities is not suitable for all investors. Investors should carefully review and consider the potential 
investments, risks, charges, and expenses of private equity before investing. They are speculative, highly illiquid, involve a high degree of risk, have 
high fees and expenses that could reduce returns, and subject to the possibility of partial or total loss of capital. They are, therefore, intended for 
experienced and sophisticated long-term investors who can accept such risks. 
The portfolio risk management process includes an effort to monitor and manage risk, but does not imply low risk. 
Diversification does not protect an investor from market risk and does not ensure a profit. 
Goldman Sachs does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice to its clients. All investors are strongly urged to consult with their legal, tax, or 
accounting advisors regarding any potential transactions or investments. There is no assurance that the tax status or treatment of a proposed 
transaction or investment will continue in the future. Tax treatment or status may be changed by law or government action in the future or on a 
retroactive basis. 
This material is provided for educational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice or an offer or solicitation to buy or sell securities. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This information discusses general market activity, industry or sector trends, or other broad-based economic, market or political conditions and 
should not be construed as research or investment advice. This material has been prepared by Goldman Sachs Asset Management and is not financial 
research nor a product of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research (GIR). It was not prepared in compliance with applicable provisions of law 
designed to promote the independence of financial analysis and is not subject to a prohibition on trading following the distribution of financial 
research. The views and opinions expressed may differ from those of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research or other departments or divisions of 
Goldman Sachs and its affiliates. Investors are urged to consult with their financial advisors before buying or selling any securities. This information 
may not be current and Goldman Sachs Asset Management has no obligation to provide any updates or changes. 
Capital is at risk. 
Index Disclosures 
References to indices, benchmarks or other measures of relative market performance over a specified period of time are provided for your 
information only and do not imply that the portfolio will achieve similar results. The index composition may not reflect the manner in which a 
portfolio is constructed. While an adviser seeks to design a portfolio which reflects appropriate risk and return features, portfolio characteristics 
may deviate from those of the benchmark. 
Neither MSCI nor any other party involved in or related to compiling, computing, or creating the MSCI data makes any express or implied 
warranties or representations with respect to such data (or the results to be obtained by the use thereof), and all such parties hereby expressly 
disclaim all warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of such data. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any third party involved in or related to compiling, computing 
or creating the data have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if 
notified of the possibility of such damages. No further distribution or dissemination of the MSCI data is permitted without MSCI’s express  
written consent. 
The TOPIX Index Value and the TOPIX Marks are subject to the proprietary rights owned by JPX Market Innovation & Research, Inc., or affiliates of JPX 
Market Innovation & Research, Inc. (hereinafter collectively referred to as "JPX") and JPX owns all rights and know-how relating to TOPIX such as 
calculation, publication and use of the TOPIX Index Value and relating to the TOPIX Marks. JPX shall not be liable for the miscalculation, incorrect 
publication, delayed or interrupted publication of the TOPIX Index Value. 
Views and opinions expressed are for informational purposes only and do not constitute a recommendation by Goldman Sachs Asset Management to 
buy, sell, or hold any security. Views and opinions are current as of the date of this document and may be subject to change, they should not be 
construed as investment advice. 
Although certain information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness or fairness. We 
have relied upon and assumed without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information available from public sources. 
Economic and market forecasts presented herein reflect a series of assumptions and judgments as of the date of this document and are subject to change 
without notice. These forecasts do not take into account the specific investment objectives, restrictions, tax and financial situation or other needs of any 
specific client. Actual data will vary and may not be reflected here. These forecasts are subject to high levels of uncertainty that may affect actual 
performance. Accordingly, these forecasts should be viewed as merely representative of a broad range of possible outcomes. These forecasts are 
estimated, based on assumptions, and are subject to significant revision and may change materially as economic and market conditions change. Goldman 
Sachs has no obligation to provide updates or changes to these forecasts. Case studies and examples are for illustrative purposes only. 
THIS MATERIAL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR SOLICITATION IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE OR TO ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT WOULD BE 
UNAUTHORIZED OR UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. 
Prospective investors should inform themselves as to any applicable legal requirements and taxation and exchange control regulations in the 
countries of their citizenship, residence or domicile which might be relevant. 
©2026 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may 
not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are 
responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is not guarantee of future results. 
Past performance does not guarantee future results, which may vary. The value of investments and the income derived from investments 
will fluctuate and can go down as well as up. A loss of principal may occur. 
 
 


[Page 5]
 
SEPTEMBER 2026 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES USE ONLY – NOT FOR USE AND/OR DISTRIBUTION TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
MARKET PULSE 
GOLDMAN SACHS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
5 
REGIONAL DISCLOSURES 
Asia excluding Japan: Please note that neither Goldman Sachs Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited (“GSAMHK”) or Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Number: 201329851H ) (“GSAMS”) nor any other entities involved in the Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management business that provide this material and information maintain any licenses, authorizations or registrations in Asia (other than Japan), 
except that it conducts businesses (subject to applicable local regulations) in and from the following jurisdictions: Hong Kong, Singapore, India and 
China. This material has been issued for use in or from Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited and in or from 
Singapore by Goldman Sachs Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Number: 201329851H). 
Australia: This material is distributed by Goldman Sachs Asset Management Australia Pty Ltd ABN 41 006 099 681, AFSL 228948 (‘GSAMA’) and is 
intended for viewing only by wholesale clients for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). This document may not be 
distributed to retail clients in Australia (as that term is defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) or to the general public. This document may not be 
reproduced or distributed to any person without the prior consent of GSAMA. 
To the extent that this document contains any statement which may be considered to be financial product advice in Australia under the Corporations 
Act 2001 (Cth), that advice is intended to be given to the intended recipient of this document only, being a wholesale client for the purposes of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
Any advice provided in this document is provided by either of the following entities. They are exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian 
financial services licence under the Corporations Act of Australia and therefore do not hold any Australian Financial Services Licences, and are 
regulated under their respective laws applicable to their jurisdictions, which differ from Australian laws. Any financial services given to any person by 
these entities by distributing this document in Australia are provided to such persons pursuant to the respective ASIC Class Orders and ASIC 
Instrument mentioned below. 
• Goldman Sachs Asset Management, LP (GSAMLP), Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (GSCo), pursuant ASIC Class Order 03/1100; regulated by the US 
Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws. 
• Goldman Sachs Asset Management International (GSAMI), Goldman Sachs International (GSI), pursuant to ASIC Class Order 03/1099; regulated by 
the Financial Conduct Authority; GSI is also authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority, and both entities are under UK laws. 
• Goldman Sachs Asset Management (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (GSAMS), pursuant to ASIC Class Order 03/1102; regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore under Singaporean laws. 
• Goldman Sachs Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited (GSAMHK), pursuant to ASIC Class Order 03/1103 and Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC 
(GSALLC), pursuant to ASIC Instrument 04/0250; regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong under Hong Kong laws. 
No offer to acquire any interest in a fund or a financial product is being made to you in this document. If the interests or financial products do become 
available in the future, the offer may be arranged by GSAMA in accordance with section 911A(2)(b) of the Corporations Act. GSAMA holds Australian 
Financial Services Licence No. 228948. Any offer will only be made in circumstances where disclosure is not required under Part 6D.2 of the 
Corporations Act or a product disclosure statement is not required to be given under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act (as relevant). 
FOR DISTRIBUTION ONLY TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS, FINANCIAL SERVICES LICENSEES AND THEIR ADVISERS. NOT FOR VIEWING BY RETAIL 
CLIENTS OR MEMBERS OF THE GENERAL PUBLIC. 
Bahrain: This material has not been reviewed by the Central Bank of Bahrain (CBB) and the CBB takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the 
statements or the information contained herein, or for the performance of the securities or related investment, nor shall the CBB have any liability to 
any person for damage or loss resulting from reliance on any statement or information contained herein. This material will not be issued, passed to, or 
made available to the public generally. 
Canada: This document has been communicated in Canada by GSAM LP, which is registered as a portfolio manager under securities legislation in all 
provinces of Canada and as a commodity trading manager under the commodity futures legislation of Ontario and as a derivatives adviser under the 
derivatives legislation of Quebec. GSAM LP is not registered to provide investment advisory or portfolio management services in respect of exchange-
traded futures or options contracts in Manitoba and is not offering to provide such investment advisory or portfolio management services in Manitoba 
by delivery of this material. 
Colombia: Esta presentación no tiene el propósito o el efecto de iniciar, directa o indirectamente, la adquisición de un producto a prestación de un 
servicio por parte de Goldman Sachs Asset Management a residentes colombianos. Los productos y/o servicios de Goldman Sachs Asset Management no 
podrán ser ofrecidos ni promocionados en Colombia o a residentes Colombianos a menos que dicha oferta y promoción se lleve a cabo en cumplimiento 
del Decreto 2555 de 2010 y las otras reglas y regulaciones aplicables en materia de promoción de productos y/o servicios financieros y /o del mercado de 
valores en Colombia o a residentes colombianos. Al recibir esta presentación, y en caso que se decida contactar a Goldman Sachs Asset Management, 
cada destinatario residente en Colombia reconoce y acepta que ha contactado a Goldman Sachs Asset Management por su propia iniciativa y no como 
resultado de cualquier promoción o publicidad por parte de Goldman Sachs Asset Management o cualquiera de sus agentes o representantes. Los 
residentes colombianos reconocen que (1) la recepción de esta presentación no constituye una solicitud de los productos y/o servicios de Goldman Sachs 
Asset Management, y (2) que no están recibiendo ninguna oferta o promoción directa o indirecta de productos y/o servicios financieros y/o del mercado 
de valores por parte de Goldman Sachs Asset Management. Esta presentación es estrictamente privada y confidencial, y no podrá ser reproducida o 
utilizada para cualquier propósito diferente a la evaluación de una inversión potencial en los productos de Goldman Sachs Asset Management o la 
contratación de sus servicios por parte del destinatario de esta presentación, no podrá ser proporcionada a una persona diferente del destinatario de esta 
presentación.” 
European Economic Area (EEA): This financial promotion is provided by Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V. This marketing communication is 
disseminated by Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V., including through its branches (“GSAM BV”). GSAM BV is authorised and regulated by the 
Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten, Vijzelgracht 50, 1017 HS Amsterdam, The Netherlands) as an alternative 
investment fund manager (“AIFM”) as well as a manager of undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (“UCITS”). Under its licence 
as an AIFM, the Manager is authorized to provide the investment services of (i) reception and transmission of orders in financial instruments; (ii) 
portfolio management; and (iii) investment advice. Under its licence as a manager of UCITS, the Manager is authorized to provide the investment 
services of (i) portfolio management; and (ii) investment advice. Information about investor rights and collective redress mechanisms are available on 
www.gsam.com/responsible-investing (section Policies & Governance). Capital is at risk. Any claims arising out of or in connection with the terms and 
conditions of this disclaimer are governed by Dutch law. In the European Union, this material has been approved by either Goldman Sachs Asset 


[Page 6]
 
SEPTEMBER 2026 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL OR FINANCIAL INTERMEDIARIES USE ONLY – NOT FOR USE AND/OR DISTRIBUTION TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC 
MARKET PULSE 
GOLDMAN SACHS ASSET MANAGEMENT 
6 
Management Funds Services Limited, which is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland or Goldman Sachs Asset Management B.V, which is regulated 
by The Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (AFM). 
France: FOR PROFESSIONAL USE ONLY (WITHIN THE MEANING OF THE MIFID DIRECTIVE)- NOT FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION. THIS DOCUMENT IS 
PROVIDED FOR SPECIFIC INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY IN ORDER TO ENABLE THE RECIPIENT TO ASSESS THE FINANCIAL CHARACTERISTICS OF 
THE CONCERNED FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT(S) AS PROVIDED FOR IN ARTICLE L. 533-13-1, I, 2° OF THE FRENCH MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE 
AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AND MAY NOT BE USED AS MARKETING MATERIAL FOR INVESTORS OR POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN FRANCE. 
Israel: This document has not been, and will not be, registered with or reviewed or approved by the Israel Securities Authority (ISA”). It is not for 
general circulation in Israel and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. Goldman Sachs Asset Management International is not licensed 
to provide investment advisory or management services in Israel. 
Japan: This material has been issued or approved in Japan for the use of professional investors defined in Article 2 paragraph (31) of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law (“FIEL”). Also, Any description regarding investment strategies on collective investment scheme under Article 2 
paragraph (2) item 5 or item 6 of FIEL has been approved only for Qualified Institutional Investors defined in Article 10 of Cabinet Office Ordinance of 
Definitions under Article 2 of FIEL. 
Kuwait: This material has not been approved for distribution in the State of Kuwait by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry or the Central Bank of 
Kuwait or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. The distribution of this material is, therefore, restricted in accordance with law no. 31 of 
1990 and law no. 7 of 2010, as amended. No private or public offering of securities is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no agreement relating to 
the sale of any securities will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No marketing, solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market 
securities in the State of Kuwait. 
Oman: The Capital Market Authority of the Sultanate of Oman (the "CMA") is not liable for the correctness or adequacy of information provided in this 
document or for identifying whether or not the services contemplated within this document are appropriate investment for a potential investor. The 
CMA shall also not be liable for any damage or loss resulting from reliance placed on the document. 
Qatar: This document has not been, and will not be, registered with or reviewed or approved by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or Qatar Central Bank and may not be publicly distributed. It is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar 
and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Saudi Arabia: The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this document, and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of this document. If you do not understand the 
contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
South Africa: Goldman Sachs Asset Management International is authorised by the Financial Services Board of South Africa as a financial services 
provider. This material is not intended and does not constitute an offer, invitation, or solicitation by any person to members of the public to invest 
or acquire shares in any fund referenced in the material and is not an offer in terms of Chapter 4 of the Companies Act, 2008. Any fund 
referenced in this material could be classed as a foreign collective investment scheme as contemplated by section 65 of the Collective Investment 
Schemes Control Act, 2002 and is not approved in terms of that Act. 
Switzerland: For Qualified Investor use only – Not for distribution to general public. This is marketing material. This document is provided to you by 
Goldman Sachs Asset Management Schweiz Gmbh. Any future contractual relationships will be entered into with affiliates of Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management Schweiz Gmbh, which are domiciled outside of Switzerland. We would like to remind you that foreign (Non-Swiss) legal and regulatory 
systems may not provide the same level of protection in relation to client confidentiality and data protection as offered to you by Swiss law. 
UAE: This document has not been approved by or filed with the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates or the Securities and Commodities 
Authority. If you do not understand the contents of this document, you should consult with a financial advisor. 
United Kingdom: In the United Kingdom, this material is a financial promotion and has been approved by Goldman Sachs Asset Management 
International, which is authorized and regulated in the United Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
CONFIDENTIALITY 
No part of this material may, without Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s prior written consent, be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form, 
by any means, or (ii) distributed to any person that is not an employee, officer, director, or authorized agent of the recipient. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved. 
Date of First Use: 8 September, 2026. Compliance Code: 529855-OTU-2602247. Juri Template Code: 513826-TMPL-06/2026-2548010 
For more information contact your Goldman Sachs sales representative. 
