[Page 1]
GS Wijaya - Energy Natural Resources and Utilities Preview Three
Things 10 Sep 2026
Adam Wijaya  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Energy, Natural Resources and Utilities
Thu 10 Sep 2026, 7:18am ET
Copper. Headline getting some attention this morning: White House copper tariff plan stalls amid
affordability concerns, sources say… affordability cited as the one of the main focuses into the November
midterm elections – not really a new phenomenon, but important to follow. Positioning more skewed
positive the commodity and the equities over the last month (+)… and looking at the copper proxy FCX
-7% at the time of writing this. Early inbounds on the desk flagging ‘what’s really new here, is this just
noise?’… we have been talking about a potential copper tariff plan for months and even when timelines
were blurry / there were more questions on implementation, view was US exposed names can keep
grinding higher with the looming tariff overhead. On single stock positioning – would think FCX one of
the more well owned names in the US and globally. LUN has shifted from one of the more owned names
over the last 6+ months to less owned – while CS has quickly become a favored name amongst specialist
community. HBM frankly mixed feedback at this point – gold and copper leverage has been the main
thesis point for some time, but 1m performance has been notable (+2% vs SCCO +6% and FCX +8%) and
despite the 1H broader challenges – 2H setup looks solid.
Diesel vs Oil. Number of questions yesterday on the view of ‘economic rent’ shifting from refining
margins to crude price – with the takeaway being diesel cracks have likely topped while crude can keep
grinding higher. From my POV – feels like more chasing / trying to explain the move higher in crude over
the last few weeks and wanting to fade the broader refining momentum that has been topical for the last
couple of months. Crux of the thesis essentially (1) China is coming back to the market as a crude buyer
and (2) diesel exports should start to recover – and since this is a global market at the end of the day – the
r/r on diesel is skewed more negative. Would think recent headlines on China fuel imports + exports
jumping over the last month the main driver of this debate – but many pushing back on this saying ‘known
that this was coming and global inventories still at lows’. Bulls highlighting we can see a scenario where
both crude and diesel grind higher from here (especially with renewed focus on escalation in the ME) with
nothing materially changing on balances while bears looking for signs of demand destruction ex US and
highlighting recent headlines on more stronger than expected flows out of the Strait.
BTM Day. Reminder – today we are hosting a BTM event at GS. Great lineup of corporates (KGS, LBRT,
PUMP, VoltaGrid) and GS folks… let me know if you want to catch up on the back of it. From the note
yesterday – what we are focused on at the event today: ‘High level – expect there to be a few themes in
focus. (1) Current pulse check on the contracting environment – execution, timelines, headwinds /
tailwinds and ‘what inning we are in’. (2) Regulatory backdrop – has put the data center trade on pause for
now – and more headlines picking up opposition into the midterms have been topical. (3) Contract
dynamics – what’s changed over the last couple of months on contract size, duration, structure, generation
types, customer needs, etc. (4) Funding requirements – has been a more recent focus for credit and equity


[Page 2]
communities – have seen capex requirements tick higher (broadly) since the start of the year – questions
around balance sheet capacity vs equity raises vs project level financing still topical.’
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 10 September 2026.
