[Page 1]
GS McGeoch - Materials Sept 10 Like a Squirrel and his winter
nuts 10 Sep 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Materials Sales
Thu 10 Sep 2026, 3:13am ET
DXY 98.74 CNH 6.70 10YR Gold Copper Oil
I have just been scratching about all morning and it all feels pretty meh.....Overnight – Oil drives all…
ASX sold across the board, banks soft, but miners softer, really a case of risk down, end of. China passing
commodities not much new to see either, just giving a little back. Perhaps the more interesting is the
positioning in precious ahead of the CPI print (sadly no smoking gun on the platinum rally yday i could
see). The hurdle yday bonds was believed to be $4bn, we got $6bn, initially gold sold off and then started
to get bought, Its all pretty twitchy. I wont opine a view on that, more to say the argument I continue to
make is positioning. Mkt is using dips to buy, call it inevitable de-basement, call it supply security, supply
disruptions, rising cost curves etc, its all going up – Base, bulks, precious, softs – real asset renaissance.
Copper is $14,820 is like a flashing light on my screen (as i said to my trader its +$50 since i came in, he
said its -$40 since he went home....)….. A few bits I was looking at yday - If you think its an easy game
Congo Cobalt Site Sees Return of Army-Backed Intruders, ERG Says, also as the landscape changes, not
just CMRG on the buying if commodities, you also see Indonesia on the way they are sold Indonesia to
Implement Commodities Exchange Gradually “as a way of curbing transfer-pricing and under-invoicing as
well as strengthening foreign-exchange and tax revenues”. Of note also in Steel we will get a new LME
steel futures contract price with SHFE from October 27, see it as a pilot case of sorts, "if" it works and you
can access China liquidity in an international exchange its a new paradigm. With all these things is a case
of willingness to enable, ie will you do the plumbing to enable the trading fucntion. So year 1 expect a lot
of teething, but its a signal of intent...Whilst on Steel the US HRC just goes one way, Oct/Nov $1270 (spot
$1226) and if your in the US you just cannot get spot tonnes, running into contract season, you could see
upside risk form here (blow off top as the hands come off the steering wheel in what has been a very very
orderly mkt through 2026)….I didnt miss this on VALE Could Tap Chinese Bond Market in 2026, whilst
also saying base metals IPO is off cards next 1-2yrs (get to 700kt, see where Copper is trading, watch how
CMRG shape the iron ore mkt and how premium product differentials materialise…kind of have to feel on
a relative basis VALE will be positioned in 2028 than 2026).
CPI – because we all so mercilessly hinged to data dumps – this note from Adam link looks at views
across the floor – “Consensus across the floor, given parameters laid out by the Fed Leadership, sees 25bp
or above on Core CPI as the threshold above which the Fed acts. GS Inflation desk pencilling in 24bps
M/M for Core CPI, translating into 23bps for Core PCE”
Oil - Reminder back on Tuesday Commods research pushed their oil prices higher by $5 to $85 Dec 26
Brent / $80 2027 Brent reflecting a longer period of mideast shipping disruptions. They think overall


[Page 2]
inventories are relatively manageable, saw the deficit around 1mbpd over 3Q, and expect Chinese buying
to be price sensitive Link to GIR
Source GIR link above
EU Energy - Link - team modelling higher distributions Repsol and ENI offering the highest shareholder
returns in 2026E at 11.2%/10.7% respectively (vs 7.9% sector average)...stepping past 2026 - BP to
resume buybacks from 2H27 as its financial deleveraging target is likely to be strongly exceeded ($2bn of
buybacks in 2027), and see Shell and TotalEnergies lifting buybacks to $16bn and $8bn respectively in
2027, and joining Repsol as the best shareholder returns in 2027E (vs 8.7% sector average)....for sustained
TTF upside your buying VAR.NO (35% prodn) and HBR.LN (40% prodn)
HARBOUR - in the note above the team upgrade HBR.LN to BUY 17% SH returns. While the 2026
outlook post the well timed LLOG acquisition was already strong, our higher TTF deck (+30% in 2027E)
now drives a much shallower FCF step-down in 2027 than previously feared, supporting best-in-class cash
returns while continuing to deleverage into 2027. Valuation also looks cheap at 2.4x EV/DACF following
the YTD underperformance vs peers.
source loink above
Fortum – Google partnership in Finland Link – GIR upgrade to Neutral post the 15% rally on the news
....a 22-year life extension Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) provides economic certainty for the lifetime
extension and power upgrade of the plant through 2050 by contracting for up to 50% of the Loviisa
nuclear power plant’s capacity (500MW). It also includes on MOU on new development.....GIR increase


[Page 3]
the target priceto €25.5/share from €16.5/share driven by estimate changes and additional value for
reinvestment (c.€3bn)...THe PPA and the power price mtm sees earnings +30%, then you get the balance
sheet repair, you increases the reinvestment capacity, take down the WACC and you get the new TP (team
do not price future DC deals which we think is fair).
Datacentre Dislocation - GIR also out on this today post the Fortum deal- see Link - Team see NO value
carried for DC deals. Team estimate that one DC deal could add +c.€4/sh for Solaria, +c.€4/sh for PPC,
+c.£2/sh for Drax and +c.€3-5/sh for RWE (we adopt target returns on an “integrated DC business model”,
as highlighted by PPC in its recent strategy day. We assume IRRs at 12-14%, and value land/connection
points at €0.9 bn per GW). We also note that the boom in DC development in Portugal could bring
tailwinds for EDP and EDPR.
Eldorado – its been a focus name for me – first concentrate at Skouries announced late Tuesday link, ore
stockpile is considerable at 4.6mt for ramp up, with 1mill and 1 line its about as easy as it gets (which is
not to say its easy) and as such maintain guide of “commercial prodn” by 4Q26. Electrification is the next
ask, awaiting the final inspections, testing and metering installations, expected in September. Coy has also
guided to commercial prodn at Mcilvennia bay in Q3, given first conc was achieved back on June 7, the
mkt wont stress if it slips into October….. Fedback yesterday inline, coy is delivering on the operational
ask . Site trip next week. Remember this is a FCF inflection story. Look at VA cons, from -$350m in 2026
to +1.4bn in 2027.
Platinum been a decent focus – This press article got me focussed a little more yday “Platinum deficit
beckons in second half as ETF selling eases“ link…basically following price…” Platinum recorded a 244k
oz surplus in Q2, taking the 1H surplus to 548k oz, said the World Platinum Investment Council’s
(WPIC’s) latest Platinum Quarterly report”…..”
WPIC forecasts a 283k oz deficit in the 2H of the year, as platinum demand rises 24% half-on-half to
3.931 million oz and supply remains broadly stable.” The rally yday, was +4.5% (as much as 6% at one
stage)…No smoking gun I saw. ..I did read this and remind myself there are those that dream “AI factor -
Artificial intelligence could also provide a new source of platinum demand, with uses ranging from high-
end semiconductor production to platinum-iridium crucibles used to grow crystals for optical
interconnects in data centres”.
Source global banking and markets , past performance not indicative of future rtns.


[Page 4]
China Midday Wrap - A-share traded below water but slightly outperforming regional peers. Most of the
stocks traded within a narrow range with T/O remains light - only projected to finish ~1.7 Tn Rmb. Banks
leading the outperformance again with, paring losses from early in the week. Financials outperforming in
general with focus on 3pm top level financial-sector briefing today. Selective bids on tech themes - TFC as
much as 7% with unsubstantiated chatters saying Nvidia may move toward direct procurement of optical
engines. Local potential beneficiaries outperforming large cap traditional optical module makers today.
CATL snapped losing streak yesterday, the stock continues to move higher today. However, company did
not disclose buyback overnight, dispelling market speculation on buyback activity yesterday. Strength may
be driven by dip buyers. Apple Supply chain saw mixed performance to the Apple new product launch.
Lingyi saw a spike approaching AM close. GIR thinks new launch is 'Foldable and Affordable' and are
positive on the Apple supply chain. More defensive tape across the region, Utilities and Defensive names
are relatively stronger. Consumer names on the other hand still weak as inflation bounce still lacked
meaningful recovery in domestic demand. (ty
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3 link


[Page 5]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 10 September 2026.
