[Page 1]
Snap | 10 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Snap  |  10 September 2026
ECB hikes interest rates by 25bp to
bring deposit rate to 2.5%
The European Central Bank has hiked interest rates by 25bp. At 2.5%, the
main policy rate is now at the upper bound of what the central bank
considers its neutral interest-rate range
The ECB hiked rates by 25bp today, as expected
They might not like the term, but the just-announced second rate hike, bringing the ECB’s
deposit rate to 2.5%, still falls into the category of an ‘insurance' rate hike. Or to put it in terms
the Bank might prefer, it is a hike to stay ahead of the curve, demonstrating the ECB’s high
level of vigilance, and an attempt to prevent higher energy prices from feeding through to the
broader economy.
While the stage was set for a rate hike, even under a more benign energy price outlook, the
recent escalation in the Middle East and surge in oil prices have clearly strengthened the case
for an increase. This is despite the fact that other inflation measures, like core and services as
well as survey-based inflation expectations, still suggest there are hardly any second-round
effects from higher energy prices.
This picture is mainly reflected in the newest round of staff projections, which show inflation
unchanged at 3% this year. For 2027 and 2028, the inflation forecast was revised upwards to
2.5% and 2.1%, respectively. Core inflation is expected to come in at 2.5%, 2.6% and 2.3% in


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Snap | 10 September 2026
2
2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively. Growth was revised upwards slightly to 0.9% this year and
1.4% in 2027 (and 1.5% in 2028). Don't forget that the recent surge in bond yields and oil
prices has not been fully incorporated in these forecasts. 
With the latest developments, today’s rate hike was almost a no-brainer and not controversial.
In light of higher actual and projected headline inflation, bringing the policy rate to the upper
end of the range that the ECB itself calls 'neutral' did not pose any risk of being too activist or
too restrictive. The harm of doing nothing, at least for the ECB’s credibility, is clearly larger.
However, looking beyond today’s hike paints a very different picture and is much more
complicated.
Going further would mean that the ECB sees restrictive monetary policy as necessary. But
there is a big difference between an economy that has shown resilience, and an overheating
economy that needs restrictive monetary policy. We still find it hard to see – amid public
finance woes and surging bond yields – that the ECB would really be willing to add more fuel to
the fire. In other words, it's difficult to envisage the ECB being willing to risk a recession to
tackle what is still a textbook supply-side shock. However, admittedly, the ECB has made policy
mistakes before.
Let’s see whether ECB President Christine Lagarde sheds some light on how the central bank
is currently thinking about the next steps. The press conference will start in just a few minutes,
at 2.45pm CET.
Author
Carsten Brzeski
Global Head of Macro
carsten.brzeski@ing.de
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Snap | 10 September 2026
3
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
