[Page 1]
Article | 10 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  10 September 2026
  COMMODITIES DAILY
The Commodities Feed: Brent breaks
above $100/bbl amid US-Iran escalation
Oil prices continued to climb, with Brent breaking above $100/bbl, as
prospects for de-escalation between the US and Iran remained elusive,
raising concerns over the security of energy flows
Energy - Iraq pushing for higher output quota
ICE Brent pushed through $100/bbl yesterday for the first time since July, and that
momentum has carried into early‑morning trading today. The move reflects a market still
pricing in persistent geopolitical risk, with Persian Gulf tensions showing no credible path to
de‑escalation. If anything, current signals point to further escalation, keeping upside pressure
firmly in place.
Iran said it is ready to intensify the war, while President Trump said that the war is likely to
continue until just after the midterm elections in early November. The risk is that
escalation starts leading to meaningful disruptions to Strait of Hormuz flows. Oil flows have
surprised to the upside in recent weeks, but the market could tighten more sharply if ongoing
escalation translates into disrupted oil flows once again.
Adding to the bullish sentiment is China's increased activity in the physical market, particularly
in the North Sea, where Dated Brent has seen more strength. China, through much of the war,


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 10 September 2026
2
has helped to rebalance the market through lower crude oil imports. While imports remain
well below year-ago levels, they've started to recover from the lows seen in June; recent
physical-market activity suggests this could continue. Crucial to the outlook — and to how
much momentum this latest move can sustain — is Chinese buying behaviour. It will largely
determine whether this rally has follow‑through or fades.
Beyond Persian Gulf disruptions, OPEC+ members risk growing disagreement. Reports suggest
Iraq is pushing for a significant increase in its output quota, hoping to use 6m b/d as its
baseline for calculating quota levels. This is well above the 4.9m b/d that the IEA estimates as
Iraq’s sustainable production capacity. Given the difficult period Persian Gulf OPEC+ members
have gone through this year, it will likely be difficult to persuade some producers to rein in
production through 2027 if needed.
Overnight API data shows US crude oil inventories fell 300k barrels over the last week. Refined
products saw gasoline stocks fall by 1.9m barrels, while distillate inventories grew by 2m
barrels. The more widely followed EIA inventory report will be released later today. There’s
likely to be plenty of focus on distillate inventory changes, given the tightness in global diesel
markets.
European natural gas prices moved higher yesterday, with TTF briefly breaking above
EUR80/MWh and trading at its highest level since early 2023. A widening JKM-TTF spread
provided some support. There were also reports that Ukrainian drones hit gas processing
plants in Russia’s Yamal region. EU gas storage stands at around 67% full, well below the 5-
year average of 84%. This leaves the market vulnerable as we head closer towards the
upcoming heating season.
Author
Warren Patterson
Head of Commodities Strategy
Warren.Patterson@asia.ing.com
Ewa Manthey
Commodities Strategist
ewa.manthey@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 10 September 2026
3
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
