[Page 1]
Article | 10 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  10 September 2026
  RATES SPARK
Rates Spark: Oil back above $100
We think the ECB will hike rates, but the path thereafter remains open.
Oil breaching $100 and record gas prices year-to-date add to the
complexity. With markets already pricing in a very hawkish outlook, we
still think a dovish surprise from the ECB is more likely. Nervousness
about fiscal trajectories in the eurozone also supports a dovish ECB bias
The ECB is widely expected to raise its policy rate today by 25bp to 2.50%
The $100 threshold has been passed and markets are quick to
price in more hawkish central banks
The European Central Bank is widely expected to raise its policy rates today by 25bp, which
would take the deposit facility rate to 2.5%. This is a level which is widely regarded as marking
the upper end of what is considered the neutral policy rate range.  
Markets are not only fully discounting today’s move already, they are also eyeing further
tightening beyond September of more than 50bp, taking the deposit facility rate to at least
3%. This comes, of course, on the back of oil prices topping US$100/bl and also gas prices
marching higher amid geopolitical tensions flaring up again. Markets are still following a similar
playbook whereby every move in oil is immediately captured by a predictable move in the 2Y
rate. But with gas prices now higher than before, we could imagine markets starting to
pay more attention to developments in gas too. 


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 10 September 2026
2
It also highlights the challenge for the ECB. Not only will the ECB’s new forecasts already be
based on outdated market snapshots, but it also makes any guidance around a future path
difficult. The default in such an uncertain environment is to stick to meeting-by-meeting
guidance.
Given that the market is already priced very aggressively, we struggle to see how the ECB
could push markets even further in that direction. While risks of second-round inflation effects
are rising with the duration of the conflict, by the ECB’s own account, those effects have not
been observed yet. And if anything, markets' aggressive stance and rising market rates also in
the longer tenors are helping to tighten financial conditions.
Geopolitical tensions are pushing eurozone government bond spreads wider, while growing
market concerns about debt sustainability could also stop the ECB from sounding too
hawkish. As France has moved into focus, given the added layer of political uncertainty, we
now see that 10y OAT swap spreads have become more closely correlated and sensitive to oil
prices than Italian bonds. The latter had long proven to be the most exposed to geopolitical
risk, not least given a larger reliance on energy imports from the crisis region in the beginning.  
US Treasury buyback announcements garner a strange reaction
There's been a strange reaction to the tripling in the buyback amounts announced by the US
Treasury. Long-end yields rose. Yet it was more than a doubling; it was a tripling. Of course, we
won't know what they actually do until they do it, but they intend to do $6bn, up from $2bn
per event. Based on that alone, the gap higher in long-end yields does not make much sense,
unless the market had been expecting a quadrupling or more and/or a much bigger statement.
We are not sure that was necessarily the case.
What is even stranger is the minimal reaction in swap spreads. They widened by a smidgen.
But if the market was genuinely disappointed with the buyback size, they should have widened
by much more, i.e. Treasury yields should have risen by more than SOFR rates. In that sense,
it’s a really unusual reaction, where long end SOFR rates are up, swap spreads unchanged, and
long-end Treasury yields are up too. SOFR rates, it seems, have been pulled up by Treasury
yields, but for no good reason.
My main contention is that the best Bessent can do is richen long tenor Treasury yields versus
long tenor SOFR rates, in other words, to tighten long-end swap spreads. Since the original
buyback announcement, this has been successful, in the sense that the 30yr swap spread is
tighter by some 8bp since the buyback announcement. Bessent can't control long-end SOFR,
as the 10yr SOFR rate, for example, is nothing more than a rate that breaks even against the
expected profile for floating SOFR into the future. That's tough to affect through just buybacks!
And certainly not in the relatively small size being deployed so far.
It's early days, and we'll see where this goes. But in a sense, markets may be telegraphing to


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 10 September 2026
3
Bessent that it will be tough for him to have meaningful control over long-end rates.
Thursday’s events and market view
The ECB interest rate decision and press conference will be the key event of the day. In
data, the focus is shifting towards the US already ahead of Friday’s likely policy-
defining CPI release. With an eye on inflationary pressures, Thursday will see the
publication of the August PPI, where a 0.4% month-on-month increase is expected. We
will also get the US weekly jobless claims numbers.
Primary markets will see Italy auctioning 3y, 7y and 45y bonds for up to €7.75bn. The
UK auctions new 4y gilts (£5bn). Over in the US, the Treasury will sell US$22bn in 30y
bonds and buy back US$6bn in 10-20y bonds. 
Author
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 10 September 2026
4
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
