[Page 1]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
9 September 2026 
ECB : what’s next ?  
MARKET LINES 
Today's ECB meeting is expected to deliver a +25bps hike, taking the deposit rate to 2.50% ECB 
preview. With this move fully priced in, the real market event will be President Lagarde's press 
conference and the tone of her forward guidance. The backdrop makes this unusually 
consequential: Brent back above $100/bbl and TTF near €78/MWh — more than double its pre-
conflict level — have reignited inflation fears just as the ECB is trying to signal a potential pause. 
Central bank policy trajectories remain the dominant theme. In the US, the market is highly 
focused on key inflation data, with PPI today and CPI tomorrow August CPI Preview: What’s 
good enough?. Consequently, risk assets face a more challenging path and are showing signs of 
vulnerability, as evidenced by yesterday's sell-off in Europe, though markets have stabilized this 
morning. 
EUR Rates 
► Rates rose sharply on Wednesday, as oil prices surged above $100, reinforcing the outlook for 
higher rates for longer.  
► The yield on the 2y Schatz rose to 3.07%, its highest level in two years, while the 10y yield reached 
3.44%, up 8bp. ECB rate expectations tightened further ahead of Thursday’s meeting, with 87 bp 
of rate hikes now priced in through July 2027.  
► Curves flattened at the long end, with the 10s30s EUR swap closing at 0 bp, down 4 bp.  
► France continues to underperform in this risk-off environment, with the 10y OAT-Bund spread 
now at 90 bp, its highest level since 2012, while the 10y BTP-Bund spread closed at 85 bp. 
US Rates 
► 
Rates rose sharply on Wednesday, as oil prices surged above $100, reinforcing the outlook for 
higher rates for longer.  
► 
US government bonds fell after the Treasury Department announced target sizes for its 
expanded buyback program that were lower than some strategists said were possible. The 10-
year yield rose to 4.85%, the highest level since November 2023. 
► 
Yields were already rising before the revised buyback targets were announced as rising oil prices 
threatened to fan inflation. 
FX 
► 
The dollar index DXY fell 0.13% to 98.65, close to its 2-week lows. 
► 
The euro rose 0.18% to USD 1.1641, ahead of the ECB's widely expected rate hike on Thursday. 
► 
The Japanese yen strengthened about 0.4% to 153.35 against the dollar, buoyed by U.S. Treasury 
Secretary Scott Bessent's statement signaling U.S. support for the yen. 


[Page 2]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
► 
Despite Brent crude rising above USD 100/barrel, the reaction from commo currencies is 
surprisingly subdued. The AUD rose 0.26% to USD 0.7232, while the NZD, CAD and NOK remained 
almost unchanged. 
Equities 
► 
European equities sold off sharply, with the Stoxx 600 down 1.4% — its biggest single-day drop 
since July 8 — and the DAX off 1.7%, driven by $100 Brent crude reigniting inflation and rate-hike 
concerns. This morning, European futures are pointing to a modest recovery, with Euro Stoxx 50 
futures up ~0.3% and Stoxx 600 futures up ~0.1% ahead of the open. 
► 
The S&P 500 fell 0.5% for a third consecutive session of declines, and VIX was up 0.7pts near 16.5. 
► 
This morning in Asia, the MSCI Asia Pacific dropped 0.6%, with Hong Kong and Australia among 
the biggest decliners, though US and European equity futures are edging higher as Brent pulls 
back from its highs. 
Credit 
► 
Widening of iTraxx indices yesterday (+1 bp for the Main, +5 bps for the X-Over) in connection with 
the rise in Brent prices (above $100 yesterday) and gas prices (TTF close to €80/MWh). 
► 
Airlines underperformed the Main (+3.6 bps for Lufthansa’s 5-year CDS, +2.5 bps for IAG’s), while 
bank AT1s and insurance RT1s significantly underperformed in the cash market, particularly 
French names (-0.5 to -0.7 price points compared to -0.4 on average) and certain German ones. 
► 
Numerous issuances in the corporate segment, with Uber’s debut €-denominated issuance in 5 
tranches for €4.25bn, while Amazon issued £4.25bn in 4 tranches, attracting a total order book of 
£10.65bn, representing an average oversubscription rate of 2.5x. 
Commodities 
► 
So far this year, copper prices have gained 18% and broken new records. A further 2% increase 
puts the metal at $15,000/t. A Copper Bubble? 
HIGHLIGHTS 
► 
US : The Treasury announced a $6 billion maximum par amount buyback operation in the 10-to-
20-year sector, scheduled for today.  It triples the amount laid out last month. 
► 
Chile - The BCCh may want to cut, but cannot 
► 
Japan Rates: Receive JPY 1y1y IRS  
DAY AHEAD 
► 
ECB meeting [14:30] : ECB preview 
► 
US PPI, Aug [14:30] 
► 
US jobless claims [14:30] 
► 
US existing home sales, Aug [16:00] 
MARKET RECAP 
 
 


[Page 3]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Last
Yest. move
vs Close -5D
10Y-UST (%,*)
4.83
5.2
5.9
10Y-Bund (%,*)
3.43
7.8
8.3
10Y OAT-Bund spread (bp,*)
89
3.1
2.6
10Y BTP-Bund spread (bp,*)
84
3.2
2.0
10Y US inflation B/E (%,*)
2.38
1.3
3.0
iTraxx Europe Main 5Y (bp,*)
52
0.9
0.6
iTtraxx Europe XO 5Y (bp,*)
254
4.0
3.5
iTraxx Europe Fin. Senior 5Y (bp,*)
55
0.9
0.7
VIX Futures†
17.0
0.4
0.4
S&P 500 Mini Futures
7664
-0.5
-0.2
Euro Stoxx 50 Futures
6318
-1.7
-1.1
Nikkei 225
65129
-0.2
1.4
Hang Seng Index
24909
-0.2
-1.2
US Dollar DXY
98.74
0.0
-0.9
EUR / USD
1.164
0.1
0.0
GBP / USD
1.356
0.1
0.1
USD / JPY
153.60
-0.4
-1.1
Gold
4425.9
0.4
-1.3
Brent Futures
100.4
3.4
5.1
Variations expressed in %, except for * : variations in bps or for † : variations in index points.
Source: Bloomberg.
 
 
INDUSTRY NEWS 
 
Immobilier / Real Estate  
► 
Retail investment – EMEA volumes are up +27% YoY in Q2-26. However, capital flow is highly 
selective, driven by a scarcity of high-quality space and low vacancy rates. Investors are 
prioritizing premier locations, strong occupier demand and versatile physical stores that support 
brand engagement and online fulfillment. Consequently, Prime assets attract significant capital 
while secondary locations face softer rents and slower transactions. 
► 
Sustainability and lending – CBRE’s 2026 survey reveals that 80% of lenders let sustainability 
influence their decisions, with 66% refusing assets lacking green criteria or improvement plans. 
Driven by regulation and capital risk, lenders increasingly manage compliance throughout the 
loan lifecycle. Rather than refusing deals, they use active monitoring, incentives and stricter 
financial penalties, such as margin increases, for non-compliant assets, particularly among highly 
regulated banks. 
Tech & data  
► 
SoftBank Group (BB+/Ba2/NR) is no longer just an investment holding company, it has become 
one of the market's most liquid expressions of the AI theme. Yet the same credit is priced very 
differently across currencies and instruments, and we think that gap is too wide to ignore. Find 
out more in our recent study. 
Transport & Mobilité / Transportation & Mobility  


[Page 4]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
► 
AUTO – Uber (BBB+/NR/A-) has announced its first-ever euro bond offering at a size of €4.5bn. 
The company priced a five-tranche issuance ranging from three to 20-year maturities. The news 
comes after the launch of autonomous rides in London and Zagreb. 
Autres / Others 
► 
The Paris International Space Summit seals Europe’s strong comeback. Arianespace has secured 
a contract with Amazon for six additional Ariane 6 launches to continue deploying Amazon's LEO 
constellation. Meanwhile, German start-up Isar Aerospace has achieved a historic first orbital 
flight from Norway. Facing American and Chinese giants, Europe is finally accelerating its pace 
to secure its space sovereignty. 
 
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 
► The Valuation Gap Behind the AI Story - CREDIT NEWS TMT 
► Middle East Weekly Tracker - Houthi Strikes Lift Oil While Hormuz Terms Remain Pending - 
MIDDLE EAST MACRO SNAPSHOT 
► Japan Rates: Receive JPY 1y1y IRS – TRADE IDEAS APAC RATES 
► Canada – Tariff War: Extracting Signal from Noise - ACROSS THE AMERICAS 
► AfD: an electoral milestone with a long tail – MARKET INSIGHT RATES 
► Back-to-back risks - Our weekly cross-asset views - CROSS ASSET VIEW 
► Euro area: Q2 GDP Growth Rebounds, but the Signal Is Noisy - EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
► Programmable sovereignty: coordinated specialisation as a response to the N-2 problem in 
artificial intelligence - ASIA THEMATIC INSIGHTS 
► Rates Weekly: Bond markets will rebound. Question is when. - RATES WEEKLY 
► EURJPY - SELL 1M 25D Risk Reversal – TRADE IDEAS FOREX 
 
RESEARCH LATEST FORECASTS 
► Back to school 26: Rates back to 2007 - ECB new scenario 25Pbs in September 
 
RESEARCH EVENTS 
 
Coming soon 
Quarterly markets update: Hawkish Shift for Central Banks 
Friday, September 11, 2026 
3:00 pm to 4:00 pm (Paris time) 
9.00 am to 10:00 am (New York time) 
9:00 pm to 10:00 pm (Hong Kong time) 
Join the Live HERE 
 


[Page 5]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Replays  
► Mid-Year Outlook Markets 2026: Our expectations and top trades for H2 2026 
► Mid-Year Outlook 2026 
► What to expect from the economies in the Gulf? Zooming into oil markets, credit risk and cross-
border bank flows 
► In the AI of the Storm 
► Iran – what comes next? Energy market and macro considerations 
► European Outlook 2026: From risk recognition to action? 
► FOMC Preview: Will Interest Rate Cuts Prove to be Deeper and Faster Relative to Market 
Expectations? 
► 2026 Commodities Summit 
 
 
FOLLOW US 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 DISCLAIMERS 
GENERAL DISCLAIMER  
SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER  
 
 
In compliance with Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) that came into force on 3 July 2016, please find relevant information regarding investment recommendations. As a staff member of Natixis, the 
producer of the document is considered as the author of an investment recommendation as defined by MAR. Policy for managing conflicts of interest: 
Natixis’ current internal procedures. Natixis has neither verified nor conducted an independent analysis of the information contained in this 
document. Therefore, Natixis makes no statement or warranty and makes no commitment to the recipients of this document in any way (express or implied) as to its relevance, the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained therein or the appropriateness of the assumptions to which it refers. Indeed, the information contained herein does not take into account the specific 
accounting or tax rules that would apply to Natixis' counterparties, customers or potential customers. Natixis cannot therefore be held liable for any differences in valuation between its own data and 
that of third parties, these differences being due in particular to considerations on the application of accounting rules, tax or valuation models. The statements, assumptions and opinions contained in 
this document may be changed or may be withdrawn by Natixis at any time without notice.  


[Page 6]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Natixis shall not be liable for any financial loss, damages, or any decision taken on the basis of the information contained in this document and Natixis does not hold itself out as providing any advice, 
particularly in relation to investment services.  
In any event, you should independently retain any internal and/or external advice that you consider necessary or desirable to obtain, including any financial, legal, tax or accounting advice, or any 
other specialist advice, in order to verify in particular that the investment(s), transaction(s), structure(s) or arrangement(s) described in this document meets your investment or financial objectives and 
constraints, and to obtain an independent valuation of such investment(s)/transaction(s), its risks factors and rewards. It should not be assumed that the information contained in this document will 
have been updated subsequent to the date stated on the front page of this document. In addition, the delivery of this document does not imply in any way an obligation on anyone to update the 
information contained herein at any time.  
Prices and margins are deemed to be indicative only and are subject to change at any time depending on, inter alia, market conditions. Past performances and simulations of past performances 
are not a reliable indicator and therefore do not anticipate future results. The information contained in this document may include results of analyses from a quantitative model, which represent 
potential future events, that may or may not be realized, and is not a complete analysis of every material fact representing any product. Information may be changed or may be withdrawn by Natixis 
at any time without notice. Natixis makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accomplishment of or reasonableness of, nor should any reliance be placed on any projections, 
targets, estimates or forecasts, or on the statements, assumptions and opinions expressed in this document. Nothing in this document should be relied on as a promise or guarantee as to the future. 
Natixis may have conflicts of interest: Natixis may from time to time, as principal or agent, be involved in a wide range of activities globally, have positions in, or may buy or sell, or make a market in 
any securities, currencies, financial instruments or other assets underlying the instruments to which the Information relates, including possibly a position that was accumulated on the basis of this 
analysis material prior to its dissemination. Trading desks may also have or take positions inconsistent with this material. Natixis activities related to those instruments may have an impact on the price 
of the relevant underlying asset and may give rise to conflicting interests or duties. 
Natixis may provide services to any member of the same group as the recipient of the information or any other entity or person (a Third Party), engage in any transaction (on its own account or 
otherwise) with respect to the recipient of the information or a Third Party, or act in relation to any matter for itself or any Third Party, notwithstanding that such services, transactions or actions may 
be adverse to the recipient of the information or any member of its group, and Natixis may retain for its own benefit any related remuneration or profit. In addition, Natixis may, whether by virtue of the 
types of relationships described in this paragraph or otherwise, from time to time be in possession of information in relation to a particular instrument that is or may be material in the context of that 
instrument and that may or may not be publicly available or known to you. Our providing you with an indicative price quotation or other information with respect to any such instrument does not create 
any obligation on the part of Natixis to disclose to you any such information (whether or not confidential).  
Natixis reserves the right to record, exchange, analyse and use relevant information about you and your relationships with any affiliates of Natixis (including the nature of your transactions) for 
combating money laundering and terrorists financing as well as for credit assessment, market research, insurance and administrative purposes including back-office management. This may include 
information provided by you, or someone acting on your behalf. Relevant information may also be exchanged with members of the Natixis group and others, for audit or compliance purposes and if 
required by appropriate governmental and non-governmental regulators as well as in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
No part of author compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. The personal views of authors may differ from one 
another. Natixis, its subsidiaries and affiliates may have issued or may issue reports that are inconsistent with, and/or reach different conclusions from, the information presented herein. 
The stocks/companies mentioned might be subject to specific disclaimers. Please click on the following link to consult them: 
Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Régulation (ACPR) as a Bank-Investment Services 
Provider and subject to its supervision. Natixis is regulated by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers in respect of its investment services activities.  
This material is not, and is not intended to be, a “research report”, “investment research” or “independent research” as may be defined in applicable laws and regulations worldwide. However, it may 
constitute “research” as defined in Recital 28 of the Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 and in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Handbook. 
EU: In compliance with Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), please find relevant information regarding investment recommendations. If this material is an investment recommendation as that term is 
defined in Article 3(1)(35) of the EU and UK MAR, distribution of this material is subject to the relevant provisions of MAR. Policy for managing conflicts of interest: Summary-Policy-management-of-
conflicts-of-interests_ENG_20241212.pdf Information about potential conflicts of interest within Natixis/Groupe BCPE: 
– Natixis 
Corporation’s Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, also known as the options disclosure document (ODD) available at: 
“RESEARCH REPORT” AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATIONS 1.71 and 23.605 AND IS TO BE DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS. THIS 
COMMUNICATION HAS BEEN GENERATED BY ONE OR MORE EMPLOYEES OF NATIXIS AND IS BEING CONVEYED TO YOU EITHER (I) COMMENTARY ON ECONOMIC, POLITICAL, OR 
MARKET CONDITIONS AND STATISTICAL SUMMARIES OF MULTIPLE COMPANIES’ FINANCIAL DATA, WHICH MAY INCLUDE LISTS OF CURRENT RATINGS, AND ON THE BASIS OF 
WHICH NO INVESTMENT DECISION SHOULD BE MADE AS THIS MATERIAL IS CONDENSED, NOT COMPREHENSIVE, AND DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL RISK FACTORS OR OTHER MATTERS 
THAT MAY BE MATERIAL, OR (II) A SOLICITATION FOR ENTERING INTO A DERIVATIVES TRANSACTION, BUT IS NOT A BINDING OFFER TO BUY OR SELL ANY FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT. 
THE VIEWS EXPRESSED HEREIN ARE THOSE OF THE AUTHOR AS OF THE DATE OF THIS COMMUNICATION AND ARE NOT TO BE RELIED ON AS AUTHORITATIVE, AND DO NOT 
NECESSARILY REFLECT THE VIEWS OF NATIXIS OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDIARIES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, 
AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. THIS IS NOT A RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE. ANY VIEWS EXPRESSED HEREIN MAY NOT BE OBJECTIVE 
OR INDEPENDENT OF THE AUTHOR OR OTHER NATIXIS (AND ITS AFFILIATES) SALES AND TRADING DESKS, WHO ARE ACTIVE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MARKETS, INVESTMENTS, OR 
STRATEGIES REFERRED TO IN THIS COMMUNICATION. THEY ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. THIS COMMUNICATION IS BASED ON PUBLIC INFORMATION AND SHALL 
NOT BE USED NOR CONSIDERED AS AN UNDERTAKING FROM NATIXIS. NATIXIS TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENTS OF THE COMMUNICATION. NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR NATIXIS HAVE ANY OBLIGATION TO UPDATE, MODIFY OR OTHERWISE 
NOTIFY THE RECIPIENT IN THE EVENT ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, INCLUDING ANY OPINION OR VIEW, CHANGES OR BECOMES INACCURATE. NATIXIS SHALL NOT BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY FINANCIAL LOSS, DAMAGES, OR ANY DECISION TAKEN ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED IN THIS COMMUNICATION AND NATIXIS DOES NOT 
PROVIDE ANY ADVICE, INCLUDING IN CASE OF INVESTMENT SERVICES. THIS COMMUNICATION IS COMMUNICATED TO EACH RECIPIENT FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.  
This document does not constitute a financial analysis or research report and has not been developed in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment 
research. Accordingly, there are no prohibitions on dealing ahead of its dissemination. Opinions expressed may differ from the opinions expressed by other business units of Natixis. 
Natixis and each of its respective affiliates accepts no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential losses (in contract, tort or otherwise) arising from the use of this material or reliance 
on the information contained herein. However, this shall not restrict, exclude or limit any duty or liability to any person under any applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction which may not lawfully 
be disclaimed. 
No representation or assurance is provided by Natixis with respect to whether any product or financial instrument referenced in this document meets requirements or criteria established under any 
regulatory, industry or other rules and standards related to climate, sustainability or environmental matters. 
Canada: In Canada, this document may only be transmitted to “permitted clients” as defined in National Instrument 31-103. No further distribution is permitted. Distribution to retail investors is 
prohibited. In Canada, Natixis operates through Natixis Canada Branch, a Foreign Bank Branch (Schedule 3 – Lending only). Natixis Securities Americas LLC is not a registered broker-dealer in any 
Canadian province but operates under the International Dealer Exemption in each province. Natixis S.A. is not a registered broker-dealer in any Canadian province and operates under the International 
Dealer Exemption in Quebec and Ontario. Any securities transaction or other offer, sale, or solicitation will be structured to be in compliance with such exemption. 
Mexico: As per your request, this information is delivered to you, which strictly pertains to activities performed by Natixis, a Foreign Financial Entity in its country of origin, such institution is herein 
represented by its Representation Office in Mexico. This information is being delivered to you for information purposes only. Please note that the Representation Office in Mexico is prevented from 
negotiating, executing, or participating in (i) operations related to listed derivatives; and (ii) securing funds from the general public in Mexico. 


[Page 7]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Brazil: This communication and the matters discussed therein have not been and will not be issued, placed, distributed or offered in the Brazilian market. Documents relating to this communication, 
as well as information contained therein may not be supplied to the public in Brazil nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of financial products or services to the public in 
Brazil. This communication will not be offered in Brazil, except in circumstances which do not constitute any breach or noncompliance with the Brazilian applicable legislation. Persons wishing to 
acquire or invest in any debt or equity interest in Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability of registration requirements or any exemption therefrom. This material is only 
intended for persons who are eligible investors residing in Brazil, which are considered to be Professional Investors (Investidores Profissionais), as designated by the applicable regulation, mainly the 
CVM Resolution No. 30 from the 11th of May 2021. 
Argentina: Products/services included in the presentation have not been and will not be publicly issued, placed, distributed, offered, or registered in Argentine Securities Commission (Comisión 
Nacional de Valores (CNV). Neither this nor any other material may be utilized in connection with any general offering to the public within Argentina. Any Argentine resident who acquires any products 
or services will do so under his/her own responsibility under the terms of a private offering to him/her, from outside of Argentina.  
Panama: This document and its content are for information purposes and shall not be interpreted as banking or financial intermediation, business solicitation and/or public offering of any kind. Natixis 
is duly authorized by the relevant authorities to carry out banking activities in the United States. Any and all services provided by Natixis are provided on a cross border basis outside of Panama. 
Natixis is not authorized by the Superintendence of Banks nor the Superintendence of the Securities Market to carry out any activities in Panama.The information contained herein is not intended to 
be a source of advice or credit analysis with respect to the material presented, and the information and/or documents contained in this material do not constitute investment advice or an invitation to 
offer. 
Peru: The products or information discussed here have not been registered under the Peruvian Securities Market Law (Supreme Decree N° 093-2002-EF) or before the Superintendencia del Mercado 
de Valores (SMV). There will be no public offering of the shares in Peru. The SMV has not reviewed the information provided to the investor. This material is only for the exclusive use of institutional 
investors in Peru and is not for public distribution. 
Colombia: By receiving this document you confirm that you have requested us to provide you this document and information on the matters described in it. You also confirm that your interest in 
requesting such documents and information arose out of your own private interest and was not the result of any direct or indirect solicitation, promotion or offering of services or products by Natixis or 
by any of its representatives. Accordingly, the information contained in this document is not intended and should not be construed as constituting onshore promotion, marketing or solicitation of 
securities-market services or products. The distribution of the information contained in this document is restricted by law and persons who access it are required to comply with all such restrictions. 
The information is not intended to be published or made available to any person in any jurisdiction where doing so would contravene any applicable laws or regulations. By receiving this document, 
you confirm that you are aware of the laws in Colombia relating to the promotion and marketing of financial services products and you warrant and represent that you will not pass on or utilise the 
information contained in this document in a manner that could constitute a breach of such laws by Natixis, its affiliates or any other person. Any securities mentioned in this document have not been 
and will not be registered with the National Register of Securities ("Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores") maintained by the Colombian Financial Superintendency ("Superintendencia Financiera 
de Colombia") and may not be publicly offered or sold in Colombia. This information does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to enter into any agreement, or to purchase or 
subscribe any securities. The information on the following pages is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, tax or other advice or any recommendation to 
buy, sell or otherwise transact in any of the funds or securities mentioned. Prospective investors should take appropriate professional advice before making any investment decision. 
Bolivia: Natixis is not authorized to conduct in Bolivia activities reserved by law for financial intermediation entities and/or brokerage firms. The products/services offered will be provided from Natixis's 
offices outside of Bolivia.  
Chile: This communication and any accompanying information (the "Materials") are intended solely for informational purposes and do not constitute (and should not be interpreted to constitute) the 
selling, or conducting of business with respect to such products or services in Chile (this "Jurisdiction"), or the conducting of any brokerage, banking or other similarly regulated activities in this 
Jurisdiction. Natixis ("Bank") is not registered (or intended to be registered) in this Jurisdiction. The Materials are private, confidential and are sent by the Bank only for the exclusive use of the 
addressee. The Materials must not be publicly distributed and any use of the Materials by anyone other than the addressee is not authorized. The addressee is required to comply with all applicable 
laws in this Jurisdiction, including, without limitation, tax laws and exchange control regulations, if any. The services do not include the offer or intermediation of any securities. Additionally, the Bank 
will not be liable for investment decisions made by the client based on the information derived or obtain from the Bank's materials. 
UK: In the UK, Natixis SA is authorised by L'Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (ACPR), supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) and regulated by the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers (AMF), Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details 
about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. 
Germany: Natixis Zweigniederlassung Deutschland is subject to a limited form of regulation by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) with regards to the conduct of its business 
in Germany under the right of establishment there. The transfer / distribution of this document in Germany is performed by / under the responsibility of Natixis Zweigniederlassung Deutschland.  
Spain: Natixis is regulated by Bank of Spain and the CNMV (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) for the conduct of its business under the right of establishment in Spain.  
Italy: Natixis is regulated by Bank of Italy and the CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa) for the conduct of its business under the right of establishment in Italy. 
Japan: Natixis Tokyo Branch is authorized in Japan by the Financial Service Agency as a Bank. Natixis Japan Securities Co., Ltd. (NJS) is a Financial Instruments Business Operator (Director General 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 2527 and a Money Lender (Tokyo Governor (4) No. 31548), supervised by the Financial Services Agency. NJS is a member of the Japan Securities 
Dealers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. This document is intended solely for distribution to Professional Investors as defined in Article 2.31 of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act.  
Hong Kong: In Hong Kong, Natixis is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), 
Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities), Type 5 (advising on futures contracts) and Type 6 (advising on Corporate Finance) regulated activities under the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”). This document has not been approved by the SFC nor has a copy of this document been registered by the Registrar of Companies 
in Hong Kong, unless specified otherwise. The investments contained herein may or may not be authorised by the SFC. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investments contained 
herein. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. The investments may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means 
of any document, other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong)(the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. No person shall issue or possess for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to 
the investments, which to his knowledge is or contains an invitation to the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the applicable laws and rules of Hong Kong) other than with respect 
to investments which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. This 
document is not and should not be construed as Natixis (or any affiliate or anyone else) offering or holding itself out as being willing or able to provide any service or to carry on any activity which it is 
not licensed to provide or carry on in Hong Kong. 
Natixis Asia Limited is registered with the Securities and Futures Commission to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 
5 (advising on futures contracts) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
Singapore: Natixis Singapore branch is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. If this document is distributed in Singapore, this document is intended solely for distribution to Institutional 
Investors, Accredited Investors and Expert Investors as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore.  
People’s Republic of China: In Mainland China, Natixis Shanghai branch and Natixis Beijing branch are regulated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”, which, for such purposes, does not 
include the Hong Kong or Macau Specifical Administrative Regions or Taiwan) by National Financial Regulatory Administration, the People’s Bank of China, and the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange for the engagement of banking business. This document is intended solely for distribution to investors of the PRC who are qualified/authorized under the laws of the People’s Republic of 
China to engage in the purchase of Product of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for verifying their eligibility to purchase the Product, obtaining all relevant approvals/licenses, 
verification and/or registrations themselves from relevant governmental authorities, and complying with all relevant applicable regulatory requirements under the PRC legal regime, including, but not 
limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or outbound investment regulations.  
Taiwan: In Taiwan, Natixis Taipei Branch is authorized by the Financial Supervisory Commission as a commercial bank and is subject to its supervision. The Product may not be sold or offered to 
Taiwan resident investors or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan and/or (ii) investors are authorized to engage in the purchase 
of product in accordance with applicable laws.  
South Korea: In Korea, Natixis Asia Limited Seoul Branch is registered as a licensed financial investment business entity under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (“FSCMA”) 
and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Services and Financial Services Commission. This document/communication is distributed by Natixis Asia Limited Seoul Branch in the republic of Korea to 
Professional Investor only and is not intended for investors in Korea who are not Professional Investor within the meaning of the Article 9(5) of the FSCMA and should not be passed on to any such 
persons. Some products or transactions described in this document/communication may not be authorized in Korea and may not be available to Korean investors. This document/communication is 
being provided in accordance with procedures required under applicable laws and regulations as well as internal control standards of Natixis Asia Limited, Seoul Branch. 
India, Indonesia, and Thailand: Natixis has set-up representative offices in India, Indonesia and Thailand. The activities of the representative offices are supervised by the Reserve Bank of India, 
the Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (Financial Services Authority) and the Bank of Thailand respectively. 
Australia: Natixis Asia Limited is registered with the Securities and Futures Commission to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities) 
and Type 5 (advising on futures contracts) regulated activities under the SFO. If this document is distributed in Hong Kong, this document is only to Professional Investors as defined in the SFO of 
Hong Kong and any rules made under the SFO. 
In Australia, Natixis has a wholly owned subsidiary, Natixis Australia Pty Limited ("NAPL"). NAPL is registered with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and holds an Australian 
Financial Services License (No. 317114) which enables NAPL to conduct its financial services business in Australia with "wholesale" clients. Details of the AFSL are available upon request Natixis 
S.A. is not an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution under the Australian Banking Act 1959, nor is it regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Any references made to banking in the 
document refer to Natixis activities outside of Australia.  
United Arab Emirates: Natixis is authorized by the ACPR and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) for the conduct of its business in and from the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (DIFC). The document is being made available to the recipient with the understanding that it meets the DFSA definition of a Market Counterparty or Professional Client; the recipient is otherwise 
required to inform Natixis if this is not the case and return the document. 


[Page 8]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
In accordance with the Decision No (13/R.M) of 2021 on the Financial Activities Rulebook and Mechanisms of Adjustment of the Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA) (the SCA Rulebook), the 
products to which this document relates may only be promoted in the UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) and the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)) as follows: (i) to a 
person who meets the definition of a “professional investor” under the SCA Rulebook; or (ii) following a ‘reverse’ (i.e., unsolicited) enquiry by an investor. Further, this document does not constitute a 
public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates (including the DIFC and the ADGM) and is not intended to be a public offer. The SCA has not verified this document or other documents in 
connection with the products. Accordingly, the SCA has not approved this document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this document. The 
SCA may not be held liable for the accuracy or completeness of the information in this document. The products to which this document relates may be illiquid or subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective investors should conduct their own due diligence on the products. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
The recipient also acknowledges and understands that neither the document nor its contents have been approved, licensed by or registered with any regulatory body or governmental agency in the 
GCC or Lebanon.  
Oman: In Oman, Natixis neither has a registered business presence nor a representative office and does not undertake banking business or provide financial services in Oman. Consequently, Natixis 
is not regulated by either the Central Bank of Oman or Oman’s Financial Services Authority. This document has been prepared by Natixis. The information contained in this document is for discussion 
purposes only and neither constitutes an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019) or the Securities Law (Royal Decree 
46/2022), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued vide CMA Decision 1/2009). Additionally, this document is not intended to lead to the conclusion of a contract for the sale or purchase of securities. Natixis does not solicit business in 
Oman and the only circumstances in which Natixis sends information or material describing financial products or financial services to recipients in Oman, is where such information or material has 
been requested from Natixis and by receiving this document, the person or entity to whom it has been dispatched by Natixis understands, acknowledges and agrees that this document has not been 
approved by the CBO, the FSA or any other regulatory body or authority in Oman. Natixis does not market, offer, sell or distribute any financial or investment products or services in Oman and no 
subscription to any securities, products or financial services may or will be consummated within Oman. This document has not been approved by the FSA or any other regulatory body or authority in 
Oman, and no authorization, licence or approval has been received by Natixis from the FSA or any other regulatory authority in Oman, to market, offer, sell, or distribute the securities within Oman. 
Natixis does not advise persons or entities resident or based in Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other financial products. Nothing contained in this 
document is intended to constitute Omani investment, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice. The recipient of this communication represents that it is a financial institution and/or is a 
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law) and that its officers/employees have such experience in business and financial matters that 
they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments. 
Qatar: The investments described in this document have not been, and will not be, offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This document has not been, and will not be, filed with, reviewed by or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other relevant Qatari 
authority. This document is intended for the original recipient only and should not be provided to any other person. It is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar and should not be reproduced 
or used for any other purpose. 
Saudi Arabia: Natixis Saudi Arabia Investment Company, licensed and regulated by the Capital Market Authority (Number: 19205-31), located in Alfaisaliah Tower, 16th Floor, King Fahad Road, 
Riyadh – KSA. 
Turkey: Natixis is not licensed in Turkey to perform any banking/capital market activity. No information in this document is provided for the purpose of offering, marketing and sale by any means of 
any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this document may not be considered as an offer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. Accordingly, neither 
this document nor any other material may be utilized in connection with any offering to the public within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the Turkish Capital Markets Board. However, 
according to Article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No. 32 there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of products in this document by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase or 
sell such products in the financial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey; and such sale and purchase is made through banks, and/or licensed brokerage firms in the Republic of Turkey. 
Links from or to web sites outside Natixis sites are meant for convenience only. Natixis does not review, endorse, approve or control, and is not responsible for any sites linked from or to Natixis sites, 
the content of those sites, the third parties named therein, or their products and services. Linking to any other site is at your sole risk and Natixis will not be responsible or liable for any damages in 
connection with linking. No endorsement or approval of any third parties or their advice, opinions, information, products or services is expressed or implied by these materials. 
 
