[Page 1]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing 
ahead of the dissemination of investment research.
RESEARCH
10 September 2026 
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
 
ECB September Meeting: Higher 
for Longer? 
At today’s meeting (September 10), the ECB Governing Council 
decided to increase its three interest rates unchanged at 2.50%, 
2.65% and 2.90% for the interest rates on the deposit facility, the 
main refinancing operations and the marginal lending facility 
respectively. The decision was widely expected and most likely 
unanimous. 
The updated baseline of the new ECB staff projections sees 
headline inflation averaging 3.0% in 2026, 2.5% in 2027 and 2.1% 
in 2028. For inflation excluding energy and food, the baseline 
foresees 2.5% in 2026, 2.6% in 2027 and 2.3% in 2028. Compared 
with June, the baseline projection for inflation in 2026 is 
unchanged, while it has been revised up for 2027 and 2028. The 
baseline projection for economic growth is 0.9% for 2026, 1.4% 
for 2027 and 1.5% for 2028. This is an upward revision for both 
2026 and 2027, mainly reflecting the greater than expected 
resilience of the euro area economy. 
A key difference with the policy statement in July is the 
assessment that “inflation is set to remain well above target for 
an extended period”. During the press conference, President 
Christine Lagarde stressed that risks to the inflation outlook 
remain tilted to the upside, while growth risks are skewed to the 
downside. She highlighted that geopolitical uncertainty — 
specifically stemming from the Middle East conflict and the war 
in Ukraine — continues to cloud the projections. 
Given the sticky trajectory of projected core inflation relative to 
the headline rate over the forecast horizon, we now expect an 
additional policy rate hike of 25 basis points by year-end. This is 
predicated on short-term inflation expectations and energy 
prices (particularly natural gas) remaining elevated, driven by 
adverse weather forecasts and prolonged Middle Eastern 
tensions.  
 
WRITTEN BY 
Alain DURRE; PhD 
Tel. +33 1 58 55 60 49 
  
 
 
 
Discover more of our research… 
… on research.natixis.com 


[Page 2]
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
2 
ECB: A Calm Session 
At today’s meeting (September 10), the ECB Governing Council decided to increase its 
three interest rates unchanged at 2.50%, 2.65% and 2.90% for the interest rates on the 
deposit facility, the main refinancing operations and the marginal lending facility 
respectively. The decision was widely expected and most likely unanimous. 
Unlike the policy statement of last July, the ECB stressed today that the conflict in the 
Middle East continues to generate inflation pressures, and inflation is set to remain 
well above target for an extended period. Today’s statement also reiterated the ECB 
mantra according to which “the Governing Council remains well positioned to 
navigate the uncertainty caused by the conflict. It will follow a data-dependent and 
meeting-by-meeting approach to determining the appropriate monetary policy 
stance”. […] and that “the Governing Council is not pre-committing to a particular rate 
path”. 
During the press conference, President Lagarde’s tone was rather balanced, abstract 
from the hawkish policy statement.  Concerning the question about tensions on bond 
yields, President Lagarde pushed back any country-specific phenomenon, recalling 
instead that rising yields was above all a global trend, partly reflecting the increase if 
financing needs everywhere. She also discounted the attention given by the 
Governing Council to the neutral interest rate – revised up recently by the ECB staff to 
[1.75%-2.50%] – underscoring that this is a work in progress. 
President Lagarde reiterated the significance of the ECB's three-pillar policy 
framework guidance, which focuses on: (i) the inflation outlook and its balance of risks; 
(ii) underlying inflationary pressures; and (iii) the efficacy of monetary policy 
transmission. 
Resilient Output Defies Sticky Inflation 
The updated baseline of the new ECB staff projections sees headline inflation 
averaging 3.0% in 2026, 2.5% in 2027 and 2.1% in 2028. For inflation excluding energy 
and food, the baseline foresees 2.5% in 2026, 2.6% in 2027 and 2.3% in 2028. Compared 
with June, the baseline projection for inflation in 2026 is unchanged, while it has been 
revised up for 2027 and 2028. The baseline projection for economic growth is 0.9% for 
2026, 1.4% for 2027 and 1.5% for 2028. This is an upward revision for both 2026 and 2027, 
mainly reflecting the greater than expected resilience of the euro area economy 
(Table 1). 
Table 1: ECB staff projections since March (%, yoy) 
2025
2026
2027
2028
HICP inflation
Sep - Natixis
2.1
2.8
2.3
2.0
Sep - ECB
2.1
3.0
2.5
2.1
Jun 
2.1
3.0
2.3
2.0
Mar
2.1
2.6
2.0
2.1
Core inflation
Sep - Natixis
2.4
2.4
2.4
2.0
Sep - ECB
2.4
2.5
2.6
2.3
Jun
2.4
2.5
2.5
2.2
Mar
2.4
2.3
2.2
2.1
Real GDP
Sep - Natixis
1.5
0.9
1.3
1.3
Sep - ECB
1.5
0.9
1.4
1.5
Jun
1.5
0.8
1.2
1.5
Mar
1.5
0.9
1.3
1.4
 
Source : ECB 


[Page 3]
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
3 
The underlying technical assumptions were revised in line with our expectations, 
particularly regarding natural gas prices and short-term interest rates (Table 2). 
Table 1: Technical assumptions underlying ECB staff projections 
2025
2026
2027
2028
Oil (USD/barrel)
Sep - Natixis
69.1
86.0
76.3
70.0
Sep - ECB
69.1
89.5
78.0
73.6
Jun - ECB
69.1
96.9
82.2
77.1
Mar - ECB
69.1
81.3
72.1
70.2
Gas prices (EUR/MWh) Sep - Natixis
36.2
52.5
47.0
32.0
Sep - ECB
36.2
51.0
43.3
30.3
Jun - ECB
36.2
45.6
37.5
27.9
Mar - ECB
36.2
46.4
36.6
26.1
USD/EUR exchange rateSep - Natixis
1.13
1.17
1.2
Sep - ECB
1.13
1.16
1.16
1.16
Jun - ECB
1.13
1.17
1.17
1.17
Mar - ECB
1.13
1.16
1.16
1.16
3M Euribor
Sep - Natixis
2.2
2.4
2.6
Sep - ECB
2.2
2.4
3.0
3.0
Jun - ECB
2.2
2.4
2.8
2.7
Mar - ECB
2.2
2.3
2.6
2.6 
Source : ECB, Natixis CIB Research 
Nevertheless, most measures of underlying inflation were broadly stable in July. The 
ECB President also stressed that “wages do not show a material response to the 
energy shock at this stage. Compensation per employee grew at an annual rate of 
3.3 per cent in the second quarter, down from 3.5 per cent in the first quarter. Rising 
labour productivity has also helped contain growth in unit labour costs, which slowed 
to 2.6 per cent, from 3.5 per cent in the first quarter. At the same time, growth in unit 
profits rose from 0.3 per cent to 2.2 per cent. Looking ahead, the ECB’s wage tracker 
points to a modest uptick, to 2.7 per cent, in negotiated wage growth in the first half 
of 2027. Inflation expectations over shorter horizons remain at elevated levels, but 
most measures of longer-term inflation expectations stand at around 2 per cent, 
supporting the stabilisation of inflation around target in the medium term” 
Data-Dependent ECB: Core Inflation in the Driving Seat 
Absent visible second-round effects, we view today’s ECB decision as primarily driven 
by the heightened projection uncertainty stemming from renewed geopolitical 
tensions. Consistent with our framework positioning short-term inflation expectations 
as a leading indicator of second-round risks, the recent uptick in both survey- (Chart 
1) and market-based (Chart 2) expectations provided additional justification for the 
policy rate hike. 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 4]
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
4 
Chart 1: Core inflation and survey-based 
inflation expectations (%)  
Chart 2: Market-based (swap inflation) inflation 
expectations in 2 years (%) 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
 1-year SPF expectations
 1-year Consumers perception
 5-year SPF expectations
 Core inflation
 
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
5.0
5.5
6.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
5.0
5.5
6.0
3-Jan
3-Feb
3-Mar
3-Apr
3-May
3-Jun
3-Jul
3-Aug
3-Sep
3-Oct
3-Nov
3-Dec
2026
2022
 
Source: Eurostat, ECB, Natixis CIB Research 
Source: Bloomberg, Natixis CIB Research 
Presenting the latest ECB projections, President Lagarde noted that geopolitical 
tensions in the Middle East and Russia's ongoing war against Ukraine have pushed 
energy prices higher. This supply shock is projected to keep headline inflation well 
above target through the first half of 2027, before energy base effects turn negative 
mid-2028 and drag the headline rate downwards. Higher energy costs are expected 
to feed through gradually to core and food components. Simultaneously, an 
improving economic outlook should support core inflation, which is forecast to rise 
until early 2027 and remain elevated throughout the year, before moderating in 2028. 
The notably hawkish statement on the medium-term inflation outlook — released 
alongside the policy decision at 14:15 CET — directly impacted both short- (3-month) 
and long-term (10-year) Bund yields (Chart 3). In the same vein, market participants 
revised up their expectations of future monetary stance, anticipating now almost two 
more policy rate hikes by December (Chart 4). 
Chart Short- and long-term German bond yields 
before and during the ECB press conference 
Chart 4: Euribor-implied probability densities 
(densities) 
3.41
3.43
3.45
3.47
3.49
3.51
2.44
2.45
2.46
2.47
2.48
2.49
2.5
2.51
08:24:00
09:01:00
09:38:00
10:15:00
10:52:00
11:29:00
12:06:00
12:43:00
13:20:00
13:57:00
14:34:00
15:11:00
3-month Bubill
10-year Bund
Policy statement 
followed by the press 
conference
 
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
1.2 1.5 1.6 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.9 3.3
Pre-Apr tariff announcement
22 April 2026
Latest (10 September)
 
Source: Eurostat, ECB, Natixis CIB Research 
Source: Eurostat, ECB, Natixis CIB Research 


[Page 5]
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
5 
Three factors underpin our revised expectation that the ECB will deliver a final 25-
basis-point rate hike by year-end. First, core inflation remains uncomfortably high 
through 2028 in the ECB's latest projections, even after accounting for today's policy 
action. Second, short-term inflation expectations remain elevated, with market-based 
indicators trending upwards. Third, our baseline forecast incorporates persistent 
upward price pressures heading into year-end, driven by winter weather risks, tight 
natural gas storage, and prolonged geopolitical tensions. 
However, we see a double rate hike by December as unlikely for the moment. 
Crucially: (i) secondary round effects remain contained; (ii) the ECB’s medium-term 
orientation means the Governing Council is utilizing a three-year horizon to assess 
price stability risks; and (iii) the bank's data-dependent, meeting-by-meeting 
framework suggests policymakers will prefer to await the December projections, 
which will crucially extend the forecast horizon to 2029. 
 


[Page 6]
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
6 
 
Head of CIB Research 
 Head of Macro & Financial Institutions Research 
Jean-François ROBIN 
 
Nathalie DEZEURE 
+33 1 58 55 13 09 
 
+33 1 58 55 99 93 
jean-francois.robin@natixis.com 
 
 
 
 
 
Head of Europe Macro research 
 
Financial Institutions 
Alain DURRE, PhD 
 
 
 
 
Bouchra RHAJBAL 
+33 1 58 55 60 49 
 
 
 
 
+33 1 58 55 79 93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
France, Belgium, Euro Area 
 
Germany, Euro Area 
 
Covered Bonds 
Hadrien CAMATTE 
 
Bastien AILLET 
 
Jennifer LEVY 
+33 1 58 55 39 43 
 
+49 699 715 3358 
 
+33 1 58 55 05 81 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Spain, Italy, Greece, Portugal,  
Euro Area 
 Inflation, Macro modelling,  
Euro Area 
 
 
Jesus CASTILLO 
 
Patricia FLOREZ CABRA 
 
 
+33 1 58 55 99 90 
 
+33 1 58 55 62 71 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
CEMEA 
 
UK, Nordics, Real Estate 
  
 
Inna MUFTEEVA, CFA 
 
Sylwia HUBAR, PhD 
  
 
+33 1 58 55 52 04 
 
+33 1 58 55 35 59 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Assistant Economists 
 
Théa BARTOLETTI  
 
Rita BEJJANI  
 
Leslie HUYNH  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
Data base 
  
 
  
 
Ludovic DUCROCQ  
 
Camille CREUZE  
 
Eric RABARISON  
+33 1 58 55 14 76 
 
+33 1 58 55 99 92 
 
+33 1 58 55 12 65 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
Andriat RAKOTOVAO 
  
 
  
 
+33 1 58 55 14 92 
  
 
  
 
 
andriatsaramiafara.rakotovao 
@natixis.com 
  
 
  
 


[Page 7]
EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
research.natixis.com
  
In compliance with Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) that came into force on 3 July 2016, please 
find relevant information regarding investment recommendations. 
As a staff member of Natixis, the producer of the document is considered as the author of an 
investment recommendation as defined by MAR. 
Policy 
for 
managing 
conflicts 
of 
interest: 
investor’s individual circumstances.  You should make your own independent evaluation of the 
relevance and adequacy of the information contained in this document and make such other 
investigations as you deem necessary, including obtaining independent financial advice, before 
participating in any transaction in respect of the financial instruments referred to in this document 
. 
Under no circumstances should this document be considered as an official confirmation of a 
transaction to any person or entity.  
This document and any attachment thereto are based on public information and shall not be used 
nor considered as an undertaking from Natixis. 
Natixis has neither verified nor carried out independent analysis of the information contained in 
this document. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, either express or implied, 
is made to the recipients of this document as to or in relation to the relevance, accuracy or 
completeness of this document or as to the reasonableness of any assumption contained in this 
document. Information does not take into account specific tax rules or accounting methods 
applicable to counterparties, clients or potential clients of Natixis. Therefore, Natixis shall not be 
liable for differences, if any, between its own valuations and those valuations provided by third 
parties; as such differences may arise as a result of the application and implementation of 
alternative accounting methods, tax rules or valuation models. The statements, assumptions and 
opinions contained in this document may be changed or may be withdrawn by Natixis at any time 
without notice. 
Prices and margins are indicative only and are subject to change at any time without notice 
depending on, inter alia, market conditions. Past performances and simulations of past 
performances are not a reliable indicator and therefore do not anticipate any future results. The 
information contained in this document may include results of analyses from a quantitative model, 
which represent potential future events that may or may not be realized and is not a complete 
analysis of every material fact representing any product. Information may be changed or may be 
withdrawn by Natixis at any time without notice.  
The statements, assumptions and forecasts contained in this document reflect the judgment of its 
author(s), unless otherwise specified, and do not reflect the judgment of any other person or of 
Natixis. The information contained in this document should not be assumed to have been updated 
at any time subsequent to the date shown on the first page of this document and the delivery of 
this document does not constitute a representation by any person that such information will be 
updated at any time after the date of this document.  
Natixis shall not be liable for any financial loss or any decision taken on the basis of the information 
disclosed in this presentation and Natixis does not provide any advice, including in case of 
investment services. In any event, you should request for any internal and/or external advice that 
you consider necessary or desirable to obtain, including from any financial, legal, tax or accounting 
adviser, or any other specialist, in order to verify in particular that the transaction (as the case may 
be) described in this document complies with your objectives and constraints and to obtain an 
independent valuation of the transaction, its risk factors and rewards.  
All of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect the author’s personal views regarding 
any and all of the subject securities or issuers. No part of author compensation was, is or will be, 
directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report.. 
The personal views of authors may differ from one another. Natixis, its subsidiaries and affiliates 
may have issued or may issue reports that are inconsistent with, and/or reach different conclusions 
from, the information presented herein.  
[Natixis may have Conflicts of Interest : Natixis may from time to time, as principal or agent, be 
involved in a wide range of activities globally, have positions in, or may buy or sell, or make a 
market in any securities, currencies, financial instruments or other assets underlying the 
instruments to which the Information relates. Natixis activities related to those instruments may 
have an impact on the price of the relevant underlying asset and may give rise to conflicting 
interests or duties. Natixis may provide services to any member of the same group as the recipient 
of the Information or any other entity or person (a Third Party), engage in any transaction (on its 
own account or otherwise) with respect to the recipient of the Information or a Third Party, or act 
in relation to any matter for itself or any Third Party, notwithstanding that such services, 
transactions or actions may be adverse to the recipient of the Information or any member of its 
group, and Natixis may retain for its own benefit any related remuneration or profit. In addition, 
Natixis may, whether by virtue of the types of relationships described in this paragraph or 
otherwise, from time to time be in possession of information in relation to a particular instrument 
that is or may be material in the context of that instrument and that may or may not be publicly 
available or known to you. Our providing you an indicative price quotation or other information with 
respect to any such instrument does not create any obligation on the part of Natixis to disclose to 
you any such information (whether or not confidential).][2] 
The stocks/companies mentioned might be subject to specific disclaimers. Please click on the 
following 
link 
to 
consult 
them: 
Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Régulation (ACPR) as a Bank -Investment Services Provider 
and subject to its supervision. Natixis is regulated by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers in 
respect of its investment services activities.  
In the UK, Natixis London Branch is authorised by L'Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution 
(ACPR), supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) and regulated by the Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers (AMF), deemed authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Subject to 
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority. Details of the Temporary Permissions Regime, which allows EEA-based firms to operate 
in the UK for a limited period while seeking full authorisation, are available on the Financial 
Conduct Authority’s website. 
In Germany, NATIXIS is authorized by the ACPR as a bank – investment services provider and is 
subject to its supervision. NATIXIS Zweigniederlassung Deutschland is subject to a limited form 
of regulation by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) with regards to the 
conduct of its business in Germany under the right of establishment there. The transfer / 
distribution of this document in Germany is performed by / under the responsibility of NATIXIS 
Zweigniederlassung Deutschland.  
Natixis is authorized by the ACPR and regulated by Bank of Spain and the CNMV (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores) for the conduct of its business under the right of establishment 
in Spain.  
Natixis is authorized by the ACPR and regulated by Bank of Italy and the CONSOB (Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa) for the conduct of its business under the right of establishment 
in Italy. 
Natixis, a foreign bank and broker-dealer, makes this report available solely for distribution in the 
United States to major U.S. institutional investors as defined in Rule 15a-6 under the U.S. 
securities Exchange Act of 1934. This document shall not be distributed to any other persons in 
the United States. All major U.S. institutional investors receiving this document shall not distribute 
the original nor a copy thereof to any other person in the United States. Natixis Securities Americas 
LLC, a U.S. registered broker-dealer and member of FINRA, is a subsidiary of Natixis. Natixis 
Securities Americas LLC did not participate in the preparation of this report and as such assumes 
no responsibility for its content. This report has been prepared and reviewed by authors employed 
by Natixis, who are not associated persons of Natixis Securities Americas LLC and are not 
registered or qualified as research analysts with FINRA, and are not subject to the rules of the 
FINRA. In order to receive any additional information about or to effect a transaction in any security 
or financial instrument mentioned herein, please contact your usual registered representative at 
Natixis Securities Americas LLC, by email or by mail at 1251 Avenue of the Americas, New York, 
NY 10020. The stocks mentioned might be subject to specific disclaimers. Please click on the 
following link to consult them: Disclaimers spécifiques 
In Canada, Natixis operates through Natixis Canada Branch which is supervised and regulated by 
the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions (OSFI) as a Foreign Bank Branch 
(Schedule 3– Lending only) .  Natixis Securities Americas LLC is not a registered broker-dealer in 
any Canadian province but operates under the International Dealer Exemption in each province. 
NATIXIS is not a registered broker-dealer in any Canadian province and operates under the 
International Dealer Exemption in Quebec and Ontario. Any securities transaction or other offer, 
sale, or solicitation will be structured to be in compliance with such exemption. 
“In Canada, this document may only be transmitted to “permitted clients” as defined in National 
Instrument 31-103. No further distribution is permitted. Distribution to retail investors is prohibited 
Natixis Japan Securities Co., Ltd. (NJS) is a Financial Instruments Business Operator (Director 
General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 2527 and is supervised by the Financial 
Services Agency. NJS is a member of the Japan Securities Dealers Association and Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association. This document is intended solely for distribution to 
Professional Investors as defined in Article 2.31 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act. 
All of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect the author’s personal views regarding 
any and all of the subject securities or issuers. No part of author compensation was, is or will be, 
directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
I(WE), AUTHOR(S), WHO WROTE THIS REPORT HEREBY CERTIFY THAT THE VIEWS 
EXPRESSED IN THIS REPORT ACCURATELY REFLECT OUR(MY) PERSONAL VIEWS 
ABOUT THE SUBJECT COMPANY OR COMPANIES AND ITS OR THEIR SECURITIES, AND 
THAT NO PART OF OUR COMPENSATION WAS, IS OR WILL BE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, 
RELATED TO THE SPECIFIC RECOMMENDATIONS OR VIEWS EXPRESSED IN THIS 
REPORT. The personal views of authors may differ from one another. Natixis, its subsidiaries and 
affiliates may have issued or may issue reports that are inconsistent with, and/or reach different 
conclusions from, the information presented herein. 
In Hong Kong, this document is for distribution to professional investors only (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that 
Ordinance). 
Natixis Singapore branch is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. This document is 
intended solely for distribution to Institutional Investors, Accredited Investors and Expert Investors 
as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act of Singapore. 
In Mainland China, Natixis Shanghai branch and Natixis Beijing branch are regulated in the PRC 
by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, the People’s Bank of China, and the 
State Administration of Foreign Exchange for the engagement of banking business. This document 
is intended solely for distribution to Professional Investors who are authorized to engage in the 
purchase of Product of the type being offered or sold. PRC professional investors are responsible 
for obtaining all relevant approvals/licenses, verification and/or registrations themselves from 
relevant governmental authorities (including but not limited to China Banking and Insurance 
Regulatory Commission, the People’s Bank of China, State Administration of Foreign Exchange 
and/or China Securities Regulatory Commission), and complying with all relevant PRC regulations, 
including, but not limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or foreign investment 
regulations. 
In Taiwan, Natixis Taipei Branch is regulated by the Taiwan Financial Supervisory Commission. 
This document is intended solely for distribution to professional investors in Taiwan for reference 
only. 
In South Korea, this research material has been provided to you without charge for your 
convenience only. All information contained in this material is factual information and does not 
reflect any opinion or judgment by Natixis. The information contained in this research material 
should not be construed as offer, marketing, solicitation or investment advice with respect to any 
financial investment products mentioned in this material. 
In Australia, Natixis has a wholly owned subsidiary, Natixis Australia Pty Limited ("NAPL"). NAPL 
is registered with the Australian Securities & Investments Commission and holds an Australian 
Financial Services License (No. 317114) which enables NAPL to conduct its financial services 
business in Australia with "wholesale" clients. Details of the AFSL are available upon request. 
Natixis S.A. is not an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution under the Australian Banking Act 1959, 
nor is it regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Any references made to 
banking in the document refer to Natixis activities outside of Australia. 
Natixis is authorized by the ACPR and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) 
for the conduct of its business in and from the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC). The 
document is being made available to the recipient with the understanding that it meets the DFSA 
definition of a Professional Client; the recipient is otherwise required to inform Natixis if this is not 
the case and return the document. The recipient also acknowledges and understands that neither 
the document nor its contents have been approved, licensed by or registered with any regulatory 
body or governmental agency in the GCC or Lebanon. 
In Oman, Natixis neither has a registered business presence nor a representative office in Oman 
and does not undertake banking business or provide financial services in Oman. Consequently, 
Natixis is not regulated by either the Central Bank of Oman or Oman’s Capital Market Authority. 
This document has been prepared by Natixis. 
The information contained in this document is for discussion purposes only and neither constitutes 
an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman 
(Royal Decree 4/74) or the Capital Market Law of Oman (Royal Decree 80/98), nor does it 
constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in Oman as 
contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market Law (issued vide 
CMA Decision 1/2009). 
Natixis does not solicit business in Oman and the only circumstances in which Natixis sends 
information or material describing financial products or financial services to recipients in Oman, is 
where such information or material has been requested from Natixis and by receiving this 
document, the person or entity to whom it has been dispatched by Natixis understands, 
acknowledges and agrees that this document has not been approved by the CBO, the CMA or any 
other regulatory body or authority in Oman. 
Natixis does not market, offer, sell or distribute any financial or investment products or services in 
Oman and no subscription to any securities, products or financial services may or will be 
consummated within Oman. 
Nothing contained in this document is intended to constitute Omani investment, legal, tax, 
accounting or other professional advice. 
In Qatar, The information contained in this document has been compiled in good faith with all 
reasonable care and attention and, to the best of our knowledge and belief, is correct at the time 
of publication and does not omit any data available to us that is material to the correctness of such 
information. Any opinions expressed herein have been formed in good faith on the relevant facts 
available at the time of its formation.. 
Natixis Saudi Arabia Investment Company, licensed and regulated by the Capital Market Authority 
(Number: 19205-31), located in Alfaisaliah Tower, 16th Floor, King Fahad Road, Riyadh – KSA. 
Argentina: In accordance with laws and regulations in force, the representative office of a foreign 
financial institution not licensed to operate in Argentina is prohibited from receiving funds from the 
public for itself or for the foreign financial institution it represents.  The unlicensed representative 
office is not authorized to perform foreign exchange transactions reserved to licensed entities 
pursuant to Law No. 18,924 on Brokerage Firms and Agencies.  Any violation of the laws related 
to the unauthorized taking of funds shall be punishable consistent with Section 41 of Law 21,526 
on Financial Institutions (Ley de Entidades Financieras), while violations of laws relating to foreign 
exchange transactions shall be punishable under the Criminal Exchange Regulations (Régimen 
Penal Cambiario) set forth in Law 19.359 (as amended and restated by Decree 480/1995). 
Colombia: By receiving this document you confirm that you have requested us to provide you this 
document and information on described in it. You also confirm that your interest in requesting such 
documents and information arose out of your own private interest and was not the result of any 
direct or indirect solicitation, promotion or offering of services or products by Natixis or by any of 
its representatives. Accordingly, the information contained in this document is not intended and 
should not be construed as constituting onshore promotion, marketing or solicitation of securities-
market services or products. The distribution of the information contained in this document is 
restricted by law and persons who access it are required to comply with all such restrictions. The 
information is not intended to be published or made available to any person in any jurisdiction 
where doing so would contravene any applicable laws or regulations. By receiving this document, 
you confirm that you are aware of the laws in Colombia relating to the promotion and marketing of 
financial services products and you warrant and represent that you will not pass on or utilize the 
information contained in this document in a manner that could constitute a breach of such laws by 
Natixis, its affiliates or any other person. Any securities or products mentioned in this document 
have not been and will not be registered with the National Register of Securities ("Registro 
Nacional de Valores y Emisores") maintained by the Colombian Financial Superintendency 
("Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia") and may not be publicly offered or sold in Colombia. 
This information does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to enter into any 
agreement, or to purchase or subscribe any securities. The information is provided for information 
purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, tax or other advice or any 
recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise transact in any of the funds or securities mentioned. 
Prospective investors should take appropriate professional advice before making any investment 
decision. 
Chile: This communication and any accompanying information (the "Materials") are intended solely 
for informational purposes and do not constitute (and should not be interpreted to constitute) the 
selling, or conducting of business with respect to such products or services in Chile (this 
"Jurisdiction"), or the conducting of any brokerage, banking or other similarly regulated activities 
in this Jurisdiction. Natixis ("Bank") is not registered (or intended to be registered) in this 
Jurisdiction.  The Materials/information is/are private, confidential and are sent by the Bank only 
for the exclusive use of the addressee. The Materials must not be publicly distributed and any use 
of the Materials by anyone other than the addressee is not authorized.  The addressee is required 
to comply with all applicable laws in this Jurisdiction, including, without limitation, tax laws and 
exchange control regulations, if any.  
Peru: The products/information mentioned here has/have not been registered under the Peruvian 
Securities Market Law (Supreme Decree N° 093-2002-EF) or before the Superintendencia del 
Mercado de Valores (SMV). There will be no public offering of the shares in Peru The SMV has 
not reviewed the information provided to the investor. This material is only for the exclusive use of 
Institutional investors in Peru and is not for public distribution." 
Panama: This document and its content are for information purposes and shall not be interpreted 
as banking or financial intermediation, business solicitation and/or public offering of any kind. Any 
and all services provided by Natixis are provided on a cross border basis outside of Panama.   
Natixis is not authorized by the Superintendence of Banks nor the Superintendence of the 
Securities Market to carry out any activities locally in Panama. 
Brazil: There are no products mentioned here which have been issued, placed, distributed or 
offered in the Brazilian market.  Documents relating to these products, as well as information 
contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in Brazil nor be used in connection with any 
offer for subscription or sale of financial products or services to the public in Brazil.  These products 
will not be offered in Brazil, except in circumstances which do not constitute any breach or 
noncompliance with the Brazilian applicable legislation.   
Mexico: “As per your request, this information is delivered to you, which strictly pertains to activities 
performed by Natixis, a Foreign Financial Entity in its country of origin, such institution is herein 
represented by its Representation Office in Mexico. This information is being delivered to you for 
information purposes only. Please note that the Representation Office in Mexico is prevented from 
negotiating, executing, or participating in (i) operations related to listed derivatives; and (ii) securing 
funds from the general public in Mexico.” 
 
Disclaimer
