[Page 1]
Iran and US hit tankers in biggest wave of attacks on shipping since war began 
Iran said on Wednesday it had attacked 10 ships near the Strait of Hormuz after the U.S. sank five Iranian oil tankers, in 
the biggest wave of attacks on shipping by both sides since the start of the six-month-old war. The attacks sent the price 
of oil surging, with benchmark Brent crude futures breaching $100 a barrel for the first time since July. At least one 
seafarer aboard a tanker was reported killed and another listed as missing. The incidents follow a month of relative 
calm, during which the U.S. has sought to pressure Iran through economic means. Iran said it had fired ballistic missiles 
at a U.S. military base in Jordan. Jordan said it intercepted 18 missiles, with the remaining two falling harmlessly in 
unpopulated areas. A U.S. official said all American troops were accounted for. Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps said it 
would sharply escalate its response to any further attacks, and said Iran would soon release maps of a new, enlarged off
-limits zone at sea that would extend as far as Chabahar on the coast near Pakistan. President Donald Trump said 
Tehran was trying to influence the November U.S. midterm elections, which will determine whether his Republican Party 
retains control of Congress. "I think war is going to end immediately after the election because they can't hold out any 
longer. They're desperate to try and affect the election," he told reporters. The Wall Street Journal reported later on 
Wednesday that top White House advisers, including Vice President JD Vance and Secretary of State Marco Rubio, 
have privately warned Trump that the conflict could extend through the remainder of his presidency, which ends in 
January 2029. Reuters could not immediately verify the report. In recent days there has also been an escalation in 
fighting between Saudi Arabia and the Houthis in Yemen, a second theater of war that threatens global energy supplies 
from the Middle East. 
 
VIDEO SHOWS IRANIAN TANKERS ABLAZE 
The American military said it destroyed five Iranian oil tankers overnight, releasing video of ships ablaze before they 
sank. The Central Command called its attacks a response to the Revolutionary Guard targeting a U.S. Navy warship 
twice with ballistic missiles. No Americans were harmed, the U.S. said. Washington has announced a new policy of 
attacking Iranian tankers in retaliation for fire that threatens its warships, and says it has hit 10 so far over the past week. 
"Iran continues to try to hit U.S. naval ships, and for every time they do that or try to do that, they're going to lose 
tankers," Rubio told reporters during a visit to Colombia. Iran said it fired on two U.S. ships and eight tankers in 
response. One seafarer was killed aboard the oil products tanker Hercules Star while at anchorage off Dubai and 
another crew member was missing, the vessel's charterer, Peninsula, said. The British maritime security agency 
UKMTO described a vessel in the vicinity that was listing after being struck by a projectile. Reuters could not 
immediately determine whether this referred to the same ship. Two Iraqi port officials said a tanker carrying 2 million 
barrels of fuel oil, the New Andros, had caught fire after being struck by a drone in Iraqi waters. There were no reports of 
casualties among the 22 crew. The UKMTO said it had received reports of several merchant ships struck by disabling 
fire in the northern Gulf and Gulf of Oman, on either side of the Strait of Hormuz. A maritime security source reported a 
liquefied natural gas tanker was damaged in the Emirati port of Khor Fakkan. An explosion was heard in the southern 
part of the Iranian port city of Jask, coming from the sea, Iran's Fars news agency reported late on Wednesday. It said 
no details were available on the source or cause of the blast. 
 
STRAIT CHOKED OFF 
In recent weeks Washington had boasted of increasing success guiding tankers through the strait, which carried a fifth 
of oil supplies before the war. But any such gradual reopening appears to have been set back by a resumption of 
fighting this month. Claudio Galimberti, chief economist at consultancy Rystad Energy, said flows through Hormuz had 
fallen as low as 2 million barrels per day, having reached as high as 8 million to 9 million bpd in the week before fighting 
resumed on August 30. Even more severe than the rise in crude prices has been a surge in the cost of the fuels refined 
from it. The average retail price of U.S. diesel hit a fresh all-time high on Wednesday above $5.94 a gallon. 
 
GRAPHIC-One third of Gulf oil is still missing despite 'dark crossings', data shows 
 Estimates of Middle Eastern crude flows have varied wildly since tankers began "dark crossings" of the Strait of 
Hormuz, meaning they sail without transponder signals to avoid Iranian attacks. The clandestine shipments have greatly 
boosted supplies, while the uncertainty over their extent has added to the risk premium in international oil prices. On 
Wednesday Brent crude futures climbed above $100 per barrel for the first time since July, while U.S. diesel prices hit 
an all-time high last week. Also last week, the U.S. energy secretary said shipments were almost back to where they 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 


[Page 2]
were before U.S.-Israeli attacks on Iran on February 28 launched a war that has severely disrupted energy flows. Data 
analysed by Reuters shows the industry consensus is closer to around two-thirds of pre-war volumes. That includes 
assessments of how much oil was shipped by vessels sailing with their Automatic Identification System transponders 
turned off as part of what ship trackers, analysts and trading sources have described as the world's largest clandestine 
tanker operation, organised with U.S. military support. In a September 2 note, analysts at Goldman Sachs estimated that 
total Gulf oil exports, including "dark crossings", were roughly 15 million to 16 million barrels per day, about two-thirds of 
pre-war levels. London-based analytics company Vortexa estimated total oil exports from the Gulf region reached 15 
million bpd in August, still down by 10 million bpd from pre-war levels. Crude and refined products volumes moving 
through the Strait of Hormuz on a seven-day moving-average basis were around 8 million bpd, the company said. "Daily 
transits fluctuate strongly with substantial spikes and troughs," said Vortexa analyst Pamela Munger. The running 
average by all "waterborne routes" represented 9 million bpd, said Wright. That is much closer to industry consensus. 
Analysts also find there is a discrepancy between peak daily flows and sustained exports. Gulf crude exports reached as 
much as 14 million bpd on some days in early September, including secret tanker flows and Saudi Red Sea exports that 
avoid the Strait of Hormuz, according to figures from Kpler and an industry source. Depending on the intensity of Iran's 
tanker attacks, on other days, exports were much lower. The covert shipments have become a constant and have 
allowed crude from Iraq, Kuwait, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to keep reaching global markets. 
Reuters calculations on the basis of an average oil price of $80 per barrel and on a conservative assumption of 6 million 
barrels, or six large tankers, a day over the last 90 days, found dark shipments amounted to at least 500 million barrels 
in June to August. That would be worth at least $40 billion. 
 
Argentina soy area to tick up as farmers shift from corn, exchange says 
Argentina's soybean planted area is expected to grow 1.2% in the 2026/27 season to 17 million hectares, the Buenos 
Aires Grains Exchange said on Wednesday, as lower corn planting in the north due to the spread of the leafhopper pest 
frees up land for soybeans. Argentina is the world's top exporter of soybean oil and meal, and soybeans compete with 
corn for acreage during the Southern Hemisphere spring planting season. Soy sowing is due to begin in October after 
output reached 50.1 million metric tons in 2025/26. The exchange said the projected increase from 16.8 million hectares 
in the previous cycle would return soy area to its average of the last five years. In a pre-campaign report, it said the 
biggest gains would come in the northern farm regions, where the leafhopper insect has sharply reduced interest from 
farmers in corn and soy also offers relatively better margins. That would more than offset expected declines in central 
and southern areas, where early corn and sunflower remain stronger competitors for land in some zones. The exchange 
also said lower export duties and improved soybean prices were supporting planting decisions, even as rising costs, 
especially for fuel, continued to pressure margins in regions far from export hubs. Still, it warned the increase in soy area 
would depend on weather. Soil moisture is currently adequate across much of central Argentina ahead of mid-October 
planting, but excess rain tied to a developing El Niño could delay fieldwork and raise disease risks in some areas. 
 
India looks to boost biofuel use amid rising crude supply risks 
India is looking to increase its use of biofuels to strengthen energy security as disruptions to crude supplies push oil 
prices higher, Tarun Kapoor, an adviser in the Prime Minister's Office, said on Wednesday. The Iran war has highlighted 
the difficulty of ensuring continuous crude supplies, Kapoor told an industry conference. Iran said on Wednesday it 
attacked 10 ships near the Strait of Hormuz after the U.S. sank five Iranian oil tankers, in the biggest declared wave of 
attacks on shipping by both sides since the start of the six-month-old war. Brent crude futures breached $100 a barrel on 
Wednesday for the first time since late July. Kapoor said India needs to use all available domestic resources to 
strengthen its energy security. India, the world's third-biggest oil importer and consumer, is conducting tests to blend 
some biofuels with diesel. It already blends ethanol with gasoline. India mainly uses corn-, rice- and sugarcane-based 
feedstocks to produce ethanol. New Delhi is also moving towards wider adoption of flex-fuel vehicles as it seeks to cut 
reliance on expensive energy imports and promote ethanol blends in gasoline. But motorists and independent analysts 
have expressed concerns that higher ethanol content could affect engine performance and fuel efficiency, as well as 
increase the risk of biofuel contamination. 
 
Indonesia aims to become 'price influencer' with new commodity bourse, chief regulator says 
Indonesia is aiming to exert greater influence over the prices of its top commodities in the early stage of operations at its 
planned new commodity exchange, the country's newly appointed chief regulator said on Wednesday, as Jakarta eyes 
Top News - Agriculture 
Top News - Metals 


[Page 3]
becoming a global price maker. Part of President Prabowo Subianto's ambition to expand state control over the 
country's vast natural resources, Indonesia's new minerals and strategic commodity exchange is scheduled to launch on 
January 1, 2027. In a fiery speech to parliament last month, Prabowo said the resource-rich country would rather keep 
its commodities than sell them too cheaply. Sarjito, who was sworn in as the Financial Services Authority's chief 
commodity trading supervisor and regulator on Wednesday, said that in the first stage, the bourse should set a lower 
target to become more influential on the global stage. "So in the beginning, we don't want to become a price taker, but 
we want to become a price influencer, become an exchange that can be a reference," he told reporters. "At the end, of 
course we must be able to and must be confident to become a price maker," said Sarjito, who goes by one name. He 
did not set a timeline. Indonesia is the world's biggest exporter of thermal coal, palm oil and nickel, as well as a major 
global seller of tin, copper, alumina and coffee beans. Its palm oil output and export policies are already affecting the 
benchmark price on Malaysia's derivatives exchange, while a surge in its nickel production in recent years has also 
pressured prices on bourses in London and Shanghai. But industry veterans and analysts have said that Indonesia's 
price-setting plan risks backfiring by driving buyers elsewhere should trading through the exchange be made mandatory 
and if the price differential with other benchmarks becomes too wide. Nominated to the job by Prabowo, Sarjito secured 
parliamentary approval last month after vowing to build a trustworthy exchange during a "fit and proper" test. The new 
bourse would help tackle tax leakage issues by addressing practices such as under-invoicing and transfer pricing by 
exporters, Sarjito said. Sarjito said his short-term priority was to complete commodity trading regulations before the 
September 17 deadline. He was not able to share details about which commodities would be traded on the exchange, 
saying that it would be decided in a presidential regulation. 
 
LME to launch steel contract using Shanghai prices on October 27 
The London Metal Exchange will launch a steel contract using prices from its Shanghai counterpart on October 27, the 
LME said on Wednesday, advancing China's drive to expand its influence over global commodity pricing. The LME 
announced a landmark agreement with the Shanghai Futures Exchange in June for the new contract, saying at the time 
that trading would begin in October but without specifying a launch date. The LME, the world's oldest and largest 
industrial metals market, is hoping to boost trading volumes and attract new customers by mirroring one of the world's 
most liquid steel contracts from the SHFE. The new contract will be based on Shanghai hot-rolled coil steel futures. 
"From next month, the LME will be providing the market with a straightforward route to accessing what is widely 
regarded as the global benchmark for the flat steel sector," said MiRan Park, the LME's chief business officer. The 
exchange also outlined an incentive programme for market participants providing quotes for the new contract on its 
electronic trading platform. China has been urging its futures exchanges to innovate and expand their international reach 
as Beijing seeks greater influence over global commodity prices. The LME is owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and 
Clearing Ltd. 
Australia softens gas reserve rule for LNG exporters 
Australia relaxed a proposed rule that would have forced energy exporters to reserve a fixed 20% of natural gas, instead 
requiring them to reserve up to a fifth of production as determined by the country's energy regulator. Energy Minister 
Chris Bowen said exporters could provide up to 200 additional petajoules of gas per year, more than enough to avoid 
the possible shortfalls of up to 140 petajoules forecast by the country's energy market operator. The proposed policy will 
ensure "gas is more affordable and the domestic market is always modestly oversupplied," Bowen said in a statement. 
The proposal is designed to reserve an oversupply of 110% for the east coast gas market, which has faced shortfalls for 
almost a decade. "The scheme ensures domestic customers can buy from a larger pool of gas, reducing the risk of tight 
market conditions driving price spikes, promoting long-term contracting and shielding them from global volatility," Bowen 
said. The 20% figure is a ceiling and how much an exporter must reserve for the domestic market would be determined 
by the Australian Energy Regulator, he said. The AER has oversight over Australia's electricity and gas markets. The 
scheme's start date would also be pushed back by six months to align with the gas industry's contract cycles, meaning 
LNG exporters would not need begin to meet their supply commitments until January 1, 2028.  
 
RESERVATION LEVELS TO DIFFER BY REGION 
The changes come four months after the centre-left Labor government proposed a hard 20% gas reservation scheme 
for the country's east coast market in May. The new plan also recognises a domestic reservation requirement of 15% in 
Western Australia and largely exempts the Northern Territory, where holding back 20% of gas supply would vastly 
outweigh the region's modest demand. Western Australia gas supply is not connected to the east coast and the 
Northern Territory has one modest capacity pipeline to the east. "Domestic supply obligations will align with physical 
domestic markets," Resources Minister Madeleine King said of the difference between western and eastern markets, 
Top News - Carbon & Power Markets 


[Page 4]
noting that within an already well-supplied market, the domestic obligations would be reduced. Three liquefied natural 
gas (LNG) export projects on the east coast operated by Origin Energy, Shell and Santos would be most affected by the 
reservation scheme, though existing contracts would be exempt. Shares in Santos, which operates the Gladstone LNG 
project in Queensland, and Origin Energy, which leads rival export consortium Australia Pacific LNG, were slightly 
higher in early morning trade. Australia is one of the world's largest LNG exporters and ships more gas overseas than it 
consumes domestically. The government on Thursday released a draft of the policy, seeking feedback until September 
24, after receiving more than 140 submissions from gas producers and exporters, retailers, large industrial users and 
trade partners during the policy's preliminary planning phase. Australian Energy Producers welcomed the changes but 
warned that oversupply would flood local markets, drive down prices and discourage development of much needed new 
gas supply. "A domestic reservation policy that results in less competition and less investment is not in the national 
interest," a statement from the producers group said. The bill is expected to be introduced to parliament later this year.  
 
EU's Russian energy exit faltering, auditors say 
EU efforts to become independent from Russian oil and gas are faltering, just as the 27-country bloc heads into winter 
with unusually low gas stocks, its auditors said on Wednesday. The European Court of Auditors said in a report that the 
EU is not investing enough to achieve its aims of fully replacing Russian energy with diversified fossil fuel supplies, and 
by expanding renewable energy and grid infrastructure to increase energy flows between EU members over the next 
few years. The European Union has been gradually phasing out Russian fuel imports since Moscow's 2022 full-scale 
invasion of Ukraine. Sanctions on seaborne Russian oil have seen the EU eliminate nearly all Russian crude imports, 
while the bloc now gets 12% of its gas imports from Russia, down from 45% before 2022. Nevertheless, the EU plan to 
quit Russian energy "is faltering just as Europe's energy security is facing renewed threats from the turmoil in the Middle 
East," the auditors said. Europe is struggling to fill gas storage ahead of winter, as the Iran war squeezes global 
supplies. EU gas storage caverns are just 67% full, well below the 80% level reached by this time last year, Gas 
Infrastructure Europe data shows. Analysts warn this could expose countries to winter price spikes, in particular as the 
EU's Russian gas phaseout is due to ban all Russian LNG imports from January 1, 2027. The auditors said the EU has 
replaced Russian gas partly thanks to mild weather and high energy prices reducing demand, rather than policy action. 
It recommended Brussels intervene more to ensure countries stay on track with the Russian exit. A European 
Commission spokesperson said EU actions and funding had accelerated renewable energy projects, and contributed to 
a drastic reduction in Russian gas. "The Commission will follow up on the ECA recommendations," the spokesperson 
added. The Commission initially estimated its plan to end Russian energy would require €300 billion of investments, and 
made this available from the EU budget. But countries have so far committed just €54.3 billion of this, indicating that the 
Commission either wrongly estimated the investment needs, or that countries are struggling to execute the plan, the 
auditors said.  
 
EXCLUSIVE-China buys 1 million tons of US soybeans ahead of Xi visit, sources say 
China has bought around 1 million metric tons of U.S. soybeans this week, four traders told Reuters, as the world's top 
oilseed buyer steps up purchases ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to Washington later this month. The 
purchases take China's total U.S. soybean buying to nearly half of the 25 million tons the White House said Beijing had 
committed to annually through 2028. While China's purchases of U.S. soybeans could help bolster trade and diplomatic 
ties with Washington, the buying also coincides with tightening global oilseed supplies amid dwindling inventories in top 
exporter Brazil. "There have been more purchases made by Sinograin in the past few days," said one Asia-based trader. 
"They have been buying before Xi's visit to U.S." State buyers Sinograin and COFCO did not immediately respond to 
Reuters requests for comment. The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Wednesday reported 340,000 tons of U.S. 
soybean sales to China and another 100,000 tons to unknown destinations. China still has a 10% additional tariff on all 
U.S. goods, including agricultural products after a tit-for-tat tariff war last year. A cut to the tariff on soybeans could draw 
private Chinese crushers back to U.S. supplies after tariffs largely shut them out of the market. After a meeting between 
the two countries' leaders in May, Washington said China had agreed to buy $17 billion worth of non-soy U.S. 
agricultural goods annually through 2028, while maintaining its commitment to purchase 25 million metric tons of U.S. 
soybeans each year over the same period. In late July, U.S. President Donald Trump said Xi would visit Washington on 
September 24. China has not confirmed the visit date or the volume of any planned purchases of U.S. soybeans or other 
agricultural goods. 
 
Argentina's corn exports set for record, as war in Ukraine, European heat wave reshape trade 
Argentina's corn exports are expected to reach a record 10 million metric tons in August and September, driven by a 
bumper harvest and strong international demand as buyers seek alternatives to Ukrainian supplies disrupted by war and 
Top News - Dry Freight  


[Page 5]
European crops battered by extreme heat. The world's third-largest corn exporter is wrapping up its 2025/26 harvest, 
estimated at 71.7 million tons, nearly 20% above the previous record set five years ago, according to government data. 
"Argentine corn right now is very competitive in price and in volume," Gustavo Idigoras, head of the CIARA-CEC grains 
exporters and crushers chamber, told Reuters. Normal export volumes for August-September typically reach about 3 
million tons, he added. Idigoras said demand from North African countries — typically buyers of Ukrainian grain — has 
been the primary driver. "In the last months we've had meetings with several North African countries, who want to have 
deeper commercial ties with Argentine exporters," he said, without naming specific countries. Data from Argentina's 
statistics agency INDEC shows corn shipments to North Africa rose 45% in the first seven months of 2026, to 6.5 million 
tons, compared with overall export growth of 15% during the same period. Morocco led the surge, with imports of 
Argentine corn jumping 133% year-on-year to 1.55 million tons. Egypt followed with a 48% increase to 2.4 million, while 
Algerian imports grew 10% to 2.4 million tons. 
 
BLACK SEA BOTTLENECK  
The trade shift comes as Russia has intensified strikes on export infrastructure in Ukraine's Odesa region, home to the 
country's main Black Sea ports. The attacks have effectively blocked seaports that once handled 90% of Ukraine's grain 
exports, forcing Kyiv to divert cargo through lower-capacity Danube River ports. But drought and record heat waves 
across Europe have drained water levels along the already congested Danube, further constraining Ukrainian 
shipments, which dropped 52% last month. "Today, the only way Ukraine can move its production is (over) land. It will 
very probably end up in Europe, in France, where the heat wave has thrashed corn yields," said Javier Preciado Patiño, 
an analyst and former trade secretary for Argentina. He said Ukraine's overseas markets are up for grabs. 
 
BRAZILIAN BACKDROP 
Argentina's export surge also reflects shifting dynamics in neighboring Brazil, the world's second-largest corn exporter. 
Brazilian shipments have fallen nearly 20% from a record 53 million tons over the past three years, according to U.S. 
Department of Agriculture data. That drop has worked to Argentina's advantage, Idigoras said. Much of the corn that 
exporters would have loaded at ports such as Santos or Itaqui is instead supplying Brazil's booming ethanol industry, 
made up of over 300 production units running on sugar or corn. Dante Romano, research manager for Rosario-based 
grains broker Max Agro, said Brazil's domestic demand for corn was "impressive" and growing each year. According to 
the USDA, Brazil's corn consumption increased 7.1% in 2025/26 to 98 million tons on a season-to-season basis. "This is 
important for Argentina because Brazil is a strong corn market competitor, and less corn there for shipping means better 
commercial opportunities for Argentine exporters," added Romano. 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Ahona Sengupta in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
