[Page 1]
WHITE PAPER
Executive Summary
Benchmark-Free has been a flagship strategy for half of GMO's history. As we approach our 
50th anniversary in 2027, Ben Inker reflects on our first 25 years of Benchmark-Free investing:
	
■At the height of the tech bubble, GMO proposed a solution to the benchmark-hugging that 
results from the investment industry’s inherent agency problems. By building a portfolio 
focused purely on absolute risk and return, we believed we could deliver returns at least 
as good as those of a traditional portfolio, with less risk of absolute loss.
	
■After 25 years, despite some fairly harrowing periods of underperformance relative 
to traditional benchmarks, the Benchmark-Free strategy has delivered, achieving a 
cumulative return significantly higher than a traditional 60/40 portfolio along with 
substantially smaller absolute drawdowns.
	
■We have gotten some things very right (e.g., avoiding significant pain in the worst 
two drawdown events of the last quarter century) and a few quite wrong (e.g., failing 
to anticipate a significant improvement in the trend profitability of the largest U.S. 
companies over the past 15 years).
	
■Today offers an eerie parallel to 1999, making Benchmark-Free investing essential for 
navigating the next decade. You don’t need to take crazy amounts of risk to make decent 
returns going forward. But you may need to be willing to look different and shift your 
portfolio toward assets that aren’t nearly as sexy and trendy as the latest hot IPO.
Introduction
Twenty-five years ago, a client placed extraordinary trust in us, giving us the opportunity to 
launch a strategy unlike any we had managed before. In some ways, this was merely another 
example of clients taking a leap of faith with GMO; our international equity, fixed income, and 
quantitative investing efforts had once required similar confidence, as had our initial foray into 
asset allocation portfolios in the late 1980s and growth stock portfolios shortly thereafter. But 
this strategy felt different. It was not simply a matter of managing a portfolio to a different 
benchmark—it meant tossing aside the concept of an investable benchmark altogether. It also 
allowed us to manage a client portfolio the way we managed our own—an approach Jeremy 
Grantham has referred to as “my sister’s pension fund” investing.1
Institutional asset management is plagued by agency problems that, in turn, have created 
whole categories of businesses such as index providers and investment consultants. As a 
result, investment managers are often pushed to “manage to the test,” building portfolios that 
reflect a tradeoff between the securities they actually like and those they feel obligated to own 
25 YEARS OF BENCHMARK-
FREE INVESTING
Improving returns and reducing risk by 
redefining the problem
Ben Inker | September 2026
1
See My Sister’s Pension Assets and Agency Problems: 
The Tension Between Protecting Your Job or Your Clients’ 
Money (Grantham 2012).


[Page 2]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p2
to avoid deviating from a benchmark or peer group. There is nothing inherently wrong with 
managing to a test when that test is a reasonable proxy for the problem the investor is truly 
trying to solve. But for multi-asset portfolios meant to represent an investor’s overall portfolio, 
the “test” had taken on a life of its own, forcing investors to make decisions that no longer 
served the portfolio’s ultimate purpose.
The Origins of Benchmark-Free
We first raised this concern with clients in the fall of 1999, when we argued that the S&P 500 
and other large-cap growth companies around the world had become a dangerous investment 
bubble destined to deliver poor returns over the subsequent decade. Because those stocks 
had come to dominate traditional indices, we believed a traditional 60/40 portfolio was 
doomed to an extended period of poor absolute performance and had little hope of delivering 
the kind of real returns that institutions needed in order to achieve their long-term missions. 
Jeremy Grantham asked me to build an exhibit for our client conference that fall to illustrate 
both the problem and a possible solution to it (Exhibit 1).
EXHIBIT 1: ACHIEVING A 5–5.75% REAL RETURN USING A 
NON-TRADITIONAL PORTFOLIO
Source: GMO
Based on GMO’s asset class return forecasts. These forecasts are forward-looking statements 
based upon the reasonable beliefs of GMO and are not a guarantee of future performance. Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and GMO assumes no duty to and does 
not undertake to update forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to 
numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, which change over time. Actual results could differ 
materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements.
Our concern was straightforward: based on our asset class forecasts at the time, a traditional 
60/40 portfolio2 looked priced to deliver about 2% above inflation over the next decade—well 
below the 5% real3 return a foundation typically needs to preserve its corpus, as well as the 
similar returns that underlie the assumptions behind endowment spending and retirement 
savings. But while a traditional portfolio could not realistically hope to earn that much given 
starting valuations at the time, a 5% real return did not look especially difficult to reach. Given 
2
60% MSCI All Country World Index/40% Bloomberg U.S. 
Aggregate Bond Index (known at the time as the Lehman 
Brothers U.S. Aggregate Bond Index)
3
A 5% real return is a return of 5% above the inflation rate.
Expected Real Return from Asset Class
Risk (Annualized Volatility)
FROM 1999 GMO CLIENT CONFERENCE


[Page 3]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p3
that U.S. Treasury Inflation Protected Securities (TIPS) were yielding 4% real, REITs yielded 
9%, and emerging market equity and debt had yet to recover from their 1997–98 crises and 
remained attractively valued, there were actually plenty of cheap assets around. Our exhibit 
showed that if the goal was not to track a 60/40 benchmark but to instead achieve a 5% real 
return, it looked to be possible to make such returns with substantially lower volatility than a 
traditional multi-asset portfolio embodied.
The exhibit turned out to be almost eerily prescient. Exhibit 2 shows the actual returns from 
September 1999 to September 2009 for each portfolio shown in Exhibit 1.
EXHIBIT 2: RESULTS VS. 1999 GMO CONFERENCE EXHIBIT 
FORECAST
Data from 9/30/1999 to 9/30/2009 | Source: GMO
The traditional portfolio is 60% MSCI ACWI/40% Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond. The 5% real, 5.5% 
real, and 5.75% real portfolios are monthly rebalanced portfolios of the Bloomberg U.S. TIPS Index, 
the Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, the J.P. Morgan EMBI Global Index, the S&P U.S. REITs 
Index, and the MSCI Emerging Markets Index, all at the weights specified in Exhibit 1.
The problem we were pointing out was real—the traditional 60/40 portfolio did have poor returns 
over the subsequent decade—actually slightly worse than we expected, at 1.3% real versus 
our 2% real forecast. The portfolios we suggested, on the other hand, achieved somewhat 
higher returns than we forecast, comfortably exceeding the 5% real return hurdle that investors 
generally need. The problem was that we were exactly the wrong messengers to give investors 
this news. At that time, our asset allocation portfolios were seriously underperforming their 
benchmarks, and our persuasive power was understandably at an ebb. We knew that we could 
build portfolios to achieve our clients’ underlying goals—they were exactly the portfolios we 
were building for ourselves and our families. But we had little expectation that institutional 
investors facing the kind of agency problems that led to tracking-error-driven portfolio 
management would be willing to sign up for such outlandishly different portfolios.
So when the first client signed up in the summer of 2001, it was something of a surprise. 
Not entirely a shock—by then we were a year into a serious bear market, and in bear markets, 
investors have a tendency to rediscover their need for absolute returns—but it was still exciting 
to put these portfolios into practice for an actual client.4 After another year of difficult market 
conditions, a few more clients signed up, and by 2003, we had enough to create a mutual fund5 
and offer the strategy to a broader group of clients.
4
In the spirit of full disclosure, that first client was a 
foundation recently set up by a venture capitalist who had 
done very well in the internet bubble. He had yet to set up 
an investment committee, had no external constituents 
to keep happy, and was astonishingly free of the agency 
issues that compel many investors to believe they need to 
own a traditional-looking portfolio.
5
At the time, the strategy was a combination of a large 
investment in this mutual fund (~80%), which at the time 
was not intended to be a standalone investment option, 
and a smaller investment in GMO’s absolute return hedge 
funds (~20% in total). Today, we’re able to achieve the 
absolute return exposures we want within the mutual fund 
structure. 
2.0%
5.0%
5.5%
5.8%
1.3%
6.0%
6.6%
6.9%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
8%
Traditional Portfolio
5% Real Portfolio
5.5% Real Portfolio
5.75% Real Portfolio
Annualized Real Return 
Expected Real Return
Actual Real Return


[Page 4]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p4
The idea was always a simple one and it felt compelling, at least to us. By building a portfolio 
focused purely on absolute risk and return, we believed we could deliver returns at least as good 
as those of a traditional portfolio, with less risk of absolute loss. While the cost would be a much 
greater risk of relative underperformance vs. traditional benchmarks when those benchmarks 
were doing particularly well, for some it was a trade-off worth making. And after 25 years, 
despite some fairly harrowing periods of underperformance relative to traditional benchmarks, 
the results have panned out. The Benchmark-Free Allocation Strategy, whose goal has been to 
achieve a real return of 5% with risk similar to or less than that of a traditional 60/40 portfolio, 
has delivered 5.7% real net of fees since inception, against 4.0% real for 60/40. It has also lost 
only half as much on average during the five major 60/40 drawdowns since the launch of the 
strategy, with an overall maximum drawdown in the 25 years of 19.3% versus 35.7% for 60/40.
Benchmark-Free’s Differentiating Features
Benchmark-Free shares a few characteristics that all our asset allocation strategies exhibit, 
to wit:
1.	Top-down and bottom-up focus on valuation
2.	High conviction
3.	Broad (and innovative) toolkit
It also adds a fourth feature that changes how we think about the first three:
4.	Redefinition of risk and success to focus on absolute gains and losses instead of returns 
relative to a benchmark.
VALUATION
GMO has unparalleled experience assessing valuations at both the security and the asset 
class levels. GMO’s Asset Class Forecasts, which we have been publishing since 1994, reflect 
our valuation-driven views and are a major input to portfolio construction for the Benchmark-
Free portfolio. As a result, our asset allocation strategies typically rotate away from expensive 
assets (which have often experienced recent strong performance) and into cheaper assets 
(which may have struggled). In Benchmark-Free’s case, that rotation away from assets can 
become total, and indeed, there is no major asset that has been represented in Benchmark-Free 
for the entirety of its 25-year life.
HIGH CONVICTION
Many allocation strategies that claim to be dynamic only make modest changes. Fearing 
tracking error, they only tweak the portfolio around the edges, making large allocations 
to the major benchmark constituents regardless of whether those assets are priced to 
deliver a reasonable risk/reward trade-off. At GMO, our asset allocation strategies will take 
very substantial bets for or against assets that we believe are extremely attractively or 
unattractively priced.
Benchmark-Free takes that conviction one step further by changing the framing of risk. Rather 
than starting from a particular benchmark and deciding how underweight or overweight 
we want to be in an asset class or style, we start from a blank slate. No asset class is 
automatically included in the portfolio. We look at the expected return and risk of each asset 
we have access to and build a portfolio of only those assets that offer a decent expected 
return for the risks they embody. When asset classes are priced to deliver good returns relative 
to their risk—as they were in 2003, 2010, or 2023—we will own relatively more risk assets. 
When asset pricing implies poor returns for risky assets, such as in 2007–08 or 2021, we will 
move the portfolio aggressively toward lower risk. The result is a portfolio that is much more 
active than the typical allocation fund (Exhibit 3).


[Page 5]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p5
EXHIBIT 3: BENCHMARK-FREE IS MORE ACTIVE THAN 95% OF 
ALLOCATION FUNDS
As of 9/30/2024 | Source: GMO, Morningstar
Based on funds in the U.S. Fund Global Allocation category with at least 5 years of history; extreme 
datapoints are truncated. The above information is based on a representative account in the strategy 
selected because it has the fewest restrictions and best represents the implementation of the strategy.
BROAD (AND INNOVATIVE) TOOLKIT
Benchmark-Free allocates beyond the standard assets represented in a traditional balanced 
portfolio. For example, the strategy has taken substantial exposures in U.S. TIPS, emerging 
country bonds, high yield, and securitized credit—all of which are excluded from the Bloomberg 
U.S. Aggregate Bond benchmark. We have consistently incorporated diversifying alternative 
strategies within Benchmark-Free’s opportunity set, and on occasions where traditional asset 
classes are simultaneously unattractively priced, such as at the end of 2021, the aggregate 
weight in alternatives has risen to over 50% of the total portfolio.
We also develop new strategies, if necessary, to fully express an investment view. For 
example, we designed and launched the Equity Dislocation Strategy in late 2020, seeking 
to profit from the extraordinary valuation dislocation between value stocks and growth 
stocks. The strategy is long cheap value stocks and short expensive growth stocks. Since its 
inception, Equity Dislocation has held the largest position and carried the most risk within 
Benchmark-Free. The strategy has generated a cumulative gross return of 106% since its 
inception, far outpacing a long MSCI ACWI Value/short MSCI ACWI Growth index approach, 
which made 0.2% over the same period.6 We continue to hold this strategy as the value 
opportunity remains at historic extremes.
Focus on Outcomes—A Total Portfolio Mindset
Because Benchmark-Free focuses on generating real returns instead of beating a particular 
benchmark, it naturally has a different view of risk than most traditional portfolios. Rather 
than focusing on the volatility of an asset class and its correlation to the indices that make up 
the benchmark, we look at the fundamental drivers of lasting impairment of capital and aim 
to build a portfolio that delivers a strong expected return relative to those fundamental risks. 
We believe that the primary circumstances that lead to lasting impairments of capital are bad 
recessions, significant unanticipated inflation, and severe liquidity shocks.7
Viewing portfolio risk through this framework naturally causes us to move away from the silos 
that characterize much investment thought today. Emerging country debt and U.S. small cap 
Number of Funds
Equity Allocation Range 
(difference between min and max allocation)
0–10%
10–20%
20–30%
30–40%
40–50%
50–60%
60–70%
70–80%
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
Benchmark-Free 
6
As of 7/31/2026. The Strategy does not pay a management 
or performance fee on its holding of Equity Dislocation.
7
The bursting of an investment bubble can also cause 
lasting impairment even when it does not coincide with a 
severe recession or unanticipated inflation, as investors 
learned from 2000-2003. But a valuation-sensitive 
investment approach is naturally less vulnerable to such 
events.


[Page 6]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p6
stocks are in completely different asset classes, but because both stand to lose significant 
amounts of money in a severe recession, they compete directly for capital in the portfolio 
since they embody that similar economic risk. On the other hand, emerging countries are 
more acutely sensitive to the ability to refinance their debts on a regular basis. So on liquidity 
risk, emerging debt is competing with long/short relative value strategies, which may be 
largely unaffected by a recession but are likely to lose money in a liquidity shock, as valuation 
discrepancies that look like arbitrage opportunities in calm times can not only blow out to very 
wide levels but become difficult or impossible to hold as financing is taken away. In building 
our Benchmark-Free portfolio, we want a blend of strategies that, in combination, will attempt 
to deliver a good expected return with manageable expected losses in those fairly rare but 
impactful downside scenarios.
We do not try to avoid taking those risks entirely. It is impossible to make money without 
taking risks—our goal is to take a prudent amount of risk that will give attractive gains in the 
good times while ensuring the losses in the bad times are not so large that they interfere with 
the portfolio’s ability to compound wealth. One key differentiator between our stance and that 
of risk parity and similar strategies is our belief that valuations are a key driver of not only 
asset class expected returns, but also their risk characteristics. Inflation-linked bonds seem, 
on the face of it, less vulnerable to unanticipated inflation than traditional bonds. But if the 
yield on such bonds is very low or negative, they can be even more vulnerable than traditional 
bonds, as investors learned in 2022. In that event, those bonds’ high sensitivity to changes in 
real rates more than offset their direct protection against changes in CPI. Cheap valuations, 
on the other hand, can create resilience to otherwise painful economic shocks. As an example, 
equities trading at low valuations are often surprisingly resilient to both recessions and 
inflation because their high earnings yields and significant dividends cushion losses.
Hits & Misses Over 25 Years
Over 25 years of investing, we have gotten some things very right and a few quite wrong. On 
the good side of the ledger, we managed to sidestep significant amounts of pain in the worst 
two drawdown events of the last quarter century when valuations warned us against taking 
risks that were poorly compensated. We also benefited from our willingness to aggressively 
move into undervalued assets in the early 2000s and over the last couple of years. Our biggest 
mistakes have been to fail to understand when fundamentals were about to move strongly 
counter to their historical patterns—to the plus side in the U.S., where profit margins that had 
been strongly mean-reverting for a century moved consistently higher throughout the 2010s 
and early 2020s; and on the negative side, when emerging market sales per share growth 
massively decelerated after about 2012.
What We Got Right
What We Got Wrong
Early 2000s: Non-U.S.
2010–Present: Extraordinary U.S. Fundamental 
Performance
2008: First Truly Global Bubble (de-risked)
2015–2021: Disappointing EM Fundamental 
Performance
2022: Duration Bubble (de-risked)
2025–26: Non-U.S. Value


[Page 7]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p7
EXHIBIT 4: WILLING TO BE DYNAMIC AND UNCONVENTIONAL
Benchmark-Free Allocation Strategy
Source: GMO
*Formerly Cyclical Focus Strategy.
†Combination of Alpha Only Fund and other private vehicles.
The above information is based on a representative account in the selected strategy because it has 
the fewest restrictions and best represents the implementation of the Strategy.
BENCHMARK-FREE’S BIGGEST HITS
	
■Early 2000s | Non-U.S. Bet: At inception, the strategy’s equity allocation was 
unconventional, with major exposures to non-U.S. stocks, including a large allocation to 
niche segments like small-cap and emerging markets. Those assets were quite cheap and 
delivered strong absolute returns over the next several years, with differentiated returns 
compared to a U.S.-biased portfolio. To put the scale of the performance difference in 
perspective, from the launch of Benchmark-Free to the summer of 2007, MSCI Emerging 
and MSCI EAFE Small delivered annualized real returns of 24% and 17.2%, against 2.2% 
real for the S&P 500.8
	
■2008 | First Truly Global Risk Bubble: By 2007, the loose monetary policy that enabled 
speculation in real estate had encouraged investors to bid up risk assets, creating what 
Jeremy Grantham dubbed the “Everything Bubble.”9 We followed what the valuations 
were telling us and aggressively de-risked, reducing Benchmark-Free’s equity exposure to 
25% by the summer of 2008. This tempered Benchmark-Free’s drawdown, and our early 
rotation back into risk assets also allowed us to capture a good portion of the rebound.
	
■2022 | Duration Bubble: In 2021, long-duration assets (stocks and bonds) were very 
expensive. By the year-end, we had moved 60% of Benchmark-Free to liquid alternatives—
strategies like equity long/short, merger arbitrage, and global macro. Though liquid 
alternatives strategies do take risk, they do so in a much shorter-duration way than 
traditional assets. Liquid alternatives seek to generate returns on top of cash, rather than 
on top of bond or stock benchmarks. These strategies delivered positive returns through 
2022, when both stocks and bonds suffered double-digit drawdowns. We were then able 
to reallocate from liquid alts into newly cheaper risk assets.
8
Performance from 7/31/2001 to 7/31/2007 relative to 
U.S. CPI.
9
See It’s Everywhere, In Everything: The First Truly Global 
Bubble (Grantham 2007).
Equities: 
52%
EM Debt 2%
Emerging Equity 8%
Developed Fixed Income 
16%
Japanese Equities 3%
Int'l Small Cap 6%
Absolute
Return† & Cash
30%
Quality 35%
APRIL 2009:
Re-investing
When Terrified
Equities: 
25%
Quality 25%
EM Debt 2%
Strategic Fixed
Income 30%
Absolute
Return† & Cash
43%
AUGUST 2008:
Defensive
Emerging Equity 14%
EM Debt 10%
TIPS 30%
REITs 8%
Int'l Small Cap
31%
Int'l Value 7%
Equities: 
60%
REITs 8%
JULY 2003:
Unconventional
DECEMBER 2021:
Global Growth Bubble
Equities: 
28%
vs. MSCI Emerging 
Markets
vs. S&P 500
vs. EAFE
Emerging Markets 11.3%
Emerging Markets ex-China 5.9%
Japan Value 5.8%
Developed ex-U.S.
Small Cap Value 5.1%
Emerging Markets 6.5%
Quality Cyclicals* 6.0%
Developed ex-U.S. 5.1%
Equity Dislocation 19.6%
Event Driven 6.4%
Systematic Global Macro 9.8%
Fixed Income
Absolute Return 7.5%
ABS/Structured Products 3.4%
Emerging Debt 2.4%
High Yield/Distressed 5.1%


[Page 8]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p8
	
■2025–26 | Non-U.S. Value: The U.S. equity market has become concentrated and 
expensive, and the U.S. dollar has become expensive as well. Stocks outside the U.S. 
generally remain reasonably valued, and the pockets that we’ve emphasized most (deep 
value, Japan, and small cap value) performed exceptionally well even as the U.S. equity 
market has continued to deliver strong results. Japan is a case where we correctly 
predicted a secular improvement in fundamentals driven by changes in policy and 
corporate culture; these changes are ongoing.
BENCHMARK-FREE’S MOST PAINFUL MISSES
	
■2010–Present | Extraordinary U.S. Fundamentals: Benchmark-Free’s most damaging 
misstep has been under-allocating to the U.S. equity market during its tremendous bull 
run. While our equity book was entirely U.S. stocks as of late 2008, by the early 2010s, 
we believed that U.S. stocks were looking pricey, as their P/E was higher than normal 
and profitability was looking cyclically high. What we failed to anticipate was that trend 
profitability had in fact moved significantly upward for the largest companies, a trend that 
would pull profitability for the overall S&P 500 higher over the next decade, in contrast 
to prior history and, indeed, to the pattern for smaller U.S. companies since then. Exhibit 
5 shows a return on capital measure for the S&P 500, as well as stocks 1–50 and stocks 
501–1500 ranked by size in the U.S. equity market.
EXHIBIT 5: RETURN ON CAPITAL FOR U.S. STOCKS BY
SIZE RANK
Data from 1/1/1970 to 6/1/2026 | Source: Worldscope, Compustat, GMO
Macroeconomically, several factors were different in the post-GFC period—interest rates fell 
to levels not seen in more than half a century, corporate tax rates continued to fall, and the 
federal government consistently ran larger deficits than before. But while each of those could 
arguably have helped boost corporate profits, you would have expected them to do so across 
the size spectrum. That is decidedly not what happened. The median company among the top 
1,500 companies by market cap experienced falling profitability over the last 15 years,10 while 
the largest companies have seen their return on capital grow to the highest levels in history. 
The explanation is almost certainly a pronounced and historically unique increase in market 
power among the very largest companies in the U.S., which we were too slow to recognize.
We have since adjusted our forecasting methodology to capture such changes more quickly 
and give more credit for high profitability when it looks more like a secular change than a 
cyclical move.
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
1970
1977
1984
1991
1998
2005
2012
2019
2026
Return on Capital
1-50
S&P 500
51-500
501-1500
10
Given the shrinking number of publicly traded companies in 
the U.S., there is no perfect way to define a representative 
publicly traded company that is truly stable over time, but 
a median within the top 1,500 by market cap is better than 
most.


[Page 9]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p9
	
■2015–2021 | Disappointing EM Fundamentals: We found emerging markets attractive over 
a similar horizon, from 2015 to 2021. We didn’t forecast extraordinary fundamental growth, 
but the emerging markets failed to meet even our modest expectations. From September 
2014 to September 2024, China’s fundamental return (equity market return excluding 
changes in valuations) underperformed the global equity markets by 4.3% annualized. 
Effectively, our allocation to emerging market stocks turned out to be a value trap.

What we didn’t recognize quickly enough in that circumstance was that emerging equities 
were a “fundamental bubble.” It’s not that emerging equity valuations were unsustainably 
high, but that the apparent emerging market fundamentals (sales, book value, etc.) had 
grown much faster than could be sustained over the long run. They were due for a give-
back on that front, which seems to have occurred from 2014 until about 2021. Exhibit 6 
shows the growth of fundamentals in MSCI Emerging Markets and MSCI U.S. from 2002 
to 2026. From 2002 to 2014, EM grew its fundamentals at an extraordinary rate, far faster 
than our general estimate of the high end of likely long-term growth rates for equities. 
From 2014 to 2021, it seems to have given back those gains and moved on to a more 
sustainable growth rate since then.
EXHIBIT 6: FUNDAMENTAL GROWTH FOR EM AND U.S.
SINCE 2002
Data from 6/28/2002 to 3/31/2026 | Source: Worldscope, Compustat, MSCI, Standard & Poors, GMO
Again, in the spirit of learning from our mistakes, we are keeping a closer eye not only on 
assets with deteriorating fundamentals, but also on those that have exhibited unsustainable 
growth rates in recent years.
Looking ahead: The Next 25 Years
Today, we see a different group of companies whose fundamentals have been growing at an 
unsustainable rate—the AI plays. In a somewhat eerie parallel to the situation in 1999, we have 
a group of stocks that investors seem unable to get enough of. Investors have pushed these 
stocks to valuations that will make earning a decent future return on them very challenging. 
Our forecasts have evolved a bit since 1999, so the data isn’t entirely comparable, but today it 
looks at least as unlikely for the traditional 60/40 to deliver 5% real over the coming years as it 
was back then. The opportunity for the unconventional portfolio managed without concern for 
benchmarks looks much better (Exhibit 7).
1.0
2.0
4.0
2002
2005
2008
2011
2014
2017
2019
2022
2025
MSCI U.S.
MSCI EM
Real 5.7%
Real 4.5%
EM +8.8%
U.S. +5.6%
EM +0.0%
U.S. +3.6%
EM +4.2%
U.S. +5.5%


[Page 10]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p10
Ben Inker
Mr. Inker is Co-Head of 
GMO’s Asset Allocation 
team and a portfolio 
manager for the team’s 
products. Mr. Inker is a 
member of the GMO Board of Directors and 
a partner of the firm. He joined GMO in 1992 
following the completion of his bachelor's 
degree in Economics from Yale University. In 
his years at GMO, Mr. Inker has served as an 
analyst for the Quantitative Equity and Asset 
Allocation teams, as a portfolio manager of 
several equity and asset allocation portfolios, 
as Co-Head of International Quantitative 
Equities, and as CIO of Quantitative 
Developed Equities. He is a CFA charterholder.
Disclaimer
The views expressed are the views of Ben 
Inker through the period ending September 
2026 and are subject to change at any time 
based on market and other conditions. This 
is not an offer or solicitation for the purchase 
or sale of any security and should not be 
construed as such. References to specific 
securities and issuers are for illustrative 
purposes only and are not intended to 
be, and should not be interpreted as, 
recommendations to purchase or sell such 
securities.
Copyright © 2026 by GMO LLC.
All rights reserved.
EXHIBIT 7: REAL RETURN FORECASTS ACROSS EQUILIBRIUM 
RATE SCENARIOS
As of 6/30/2026 | Source: GMO
Like 1999, the trouble is not that there are no assets priced to deliver decent returns to 
investors, it is that traditional indices have become increasingly concentrated in precisely 
those assets that are not priced to deliver such returns. You don’t need to take crazy amounts 
of risk to make decent returns going forward. But our best guess is that you do need to be 
willing to look different and shift your portfolio toward assets that aren’t nearly as sexy and 
trendy as the latest hot IPO. If history is any guide, assets like Japanese small caps, global 
deep value, and liquid alternatives deserve to be pillars of a benchmark-agnostic portfolio, 
while the AI darlings, as wonderful as their returns have been in retrospect, look set to 
disappoint in the coming years.
Conclusion
We have learned a lot about benchmark-free investing in the last 25 years. First, it really 
is possible to deliver compelling long-term returns and lower downside risk without being 
infallible predictors of the future. Second, achieving that track record came with substantial 
periods of relative underperformance when traditional portfolios were flying high, and ours 
were not. I could wish that all the clients who hired us along the way had stayed with us for 
the entire ride. Sadly, that isn’t the case. People have been most excited about hiring us when 
we have been recently right and have tended to abandon the strategy after a bout of relative 
underperformance—a distressingly common pattern across much of investment management. 
Those who have stuck with us for the long run and reaped the benefits of doing so have 
generally been investors who appreciated our difference from traditional portfolios and were 
prepared to move at least a piece of their portfolio away from framing performance as a game 
of benchmarks and tracking error. Not every investor is in a position to do so, but for those 
who can, we believe benchmark-free investing has proven itself a worthy piece of a thoughtful 
portfolio for the last 25 years, and that it is positioned to continue doing so over the next 25.
-4.0%
-2.0%
0.0%
2.0%
4.0%
6.0%
8.0%
Normal
Low
Traditional
Unconventional


[Page 11]
GMO WHITE PAPER
25 Years of Benchmark-Free Investing
  |  p11
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (NET) IN USD
As of 6/30/2026
Inception
1-Year
3-Year
5-Year
10-Year
Since 
Inception
Benchmark-Free 
Allocation Composite*
7/31/2001
23.33
14.95
8.60
6.65
8.18
CPI Index
3.44
3.06
4.18
3.32
2.55
Equity Dislocation 
Composite‡
10/31/2020
27.96
8.18
7.70
N/A
9.21
FTSE 3-Mo. T-Bill
4.05
4.85
3.69
N/A
3.26
* Prior to January 1, 2012, the accounts in the Composite served as the principal component of 
a broader real return strategy. Beginning January 1, 2012, accounts in the composite have been 
managed as a standalone investment. Returns include a substantial, one-time litigation settlement 
recovery received on December 16, 2024. This event contributed 2.45% to 2024 annual performance, 
based on a representative account. Performance for other periods, including this date, was also 
positively impacted, sometimes materially. Without this recovery, performance would have been 
lower in both absolute terms and relative to the benchmark. Returns include a substantial, one-time 
proceed from the sale of certain Russian securities. The one-time sale of these securities contributed 
0.93% (1-day performance impact), based on a representative account. Performance for other time 
periods was also positively impacted. Without these proceeds, performance would have been lower. 
Additional information is available upon request.
Performance data quoted represents past performance and is not indicative of 
future results.
Net returns are presented after the deduction of a model advisory fee and incentive fee if applicable. 
These returns include transaction costs, commissions and withholding taxes on foreign income 
and capital gains and include the reinvestment of dividends and other income, as applicable. Fees 
paid by accounts within the composite may be higher or lower than the model fees used. GMO LLC 
claims compliance with the Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS®). A Global Investment 
Performance Standards (GIPS®) Composite Report is available on GMO.com by clicking the GIPS® 
Composite Report link in the documents section of the strategy page. GIPS® is a registered trademark 
owned by CFA Institute. CFA Institute does not endorse or promote this organization, nor does it 
warrant the accuracy or quality of the content contained herein. Actual fees are disclosed in Part 2 of 
GMO's Form ADV and are also available in each strategy’s Composite Report.
