[Page 1]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
2026 UPDATE: GLOBAL OUTLOOK
Discover our latest market insights and an update on our funds’
positioning
07/09/2026
A. UNITED STATES
Economic Outlook: AI as the main growth driver, with the risk of rekindling inflation  
Growth: A robust economy resisting massive shocks 
• Growth should remain around potential in the coming months, albeit without further acceleration.  
• AI capex is the key growth engine, with additional support from AI-driven wealth effects.  
• Consumer spending should remain resilient in the near term, supported by a resilient labour market and falling savings rate
due to wealth effects. 
Inflation: Sticky and above target for a sixth consecutive year, with risks tilted to the upside 
• Cyclical price pressures are building on top of structural inflationary forces. Persistent disruptions in the Middle East and
Russia/Ukraine, combined with supply shocks from extreme summer heat and the exceptional El Niño episode, are pushing
energy and food prices higher. At the same time, the global capex boom is adding further pressure to goods inflation, while
retiring baby boomers and near-zero immigration are constraining labour-force growth. 
Midterm elections:  Democrats are currently on course to take the House while the Senate has shifted from a Republican
advantage to roughly a 50% chance of a Democratic flip. This could push Trump to double down on interventionist policies:
more geopolitical escalation, military spending, financial repression, protectionism.  
Fixed Income Strategy: Bond vigilantes at play 
• US government debt: a ~6% deficit, $40tn debt stock and rising interest costs (3.3% of GDP i.e. 1/3rd to 1/4th of government
revenue), competition for the same pool of global capital are putting upward pressure on long-end yields, prompting
expectations of Treasury interventions. 
• Structural and cyclical inflationary pressures remain in place, while Kevin Warsh’s move away from forward guidance should
add to interest-rate volatility. 
• Credibility under pressure: confidence in institutions, from central banks to geopolitical leadership, is eroding. 
• Positioning: Low duration, with short positions in long-term rates both in the US and Europe, alongside exposure to
inflation-linked strategies. 
Equity Strategy: Barbell strategy 
• Sharp rotations beneath resilient markets: crowded AI, momentum and high-beta trades have periodically unwound, while
quality has returned to favour - with frequent reversals between the two.Earnings momentum remains supportive: S&P 500
expected profit growth for 2026 has risen from 15% at the end of last year to 29% currently, helping offset the headwind from
higher bond yields and input prices. 
• AI remains the key focus: investors will look for reassurance that capex plans remain intact and, increasingly, for evidence that 


[Page 2]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
spending is translating into higher profitability. 
• Lower earnings expectations outside tech create scope for more sustained upside should earnings momentum broaden. 
• Positioning: High nominal growth supports equity exposure, while low volatility creates attractive opportunities to add hedges. A
barbell approach combining a tightly managed AI portfolio (focused on hardware and underweight hyperscalers) with exposure
to quality growth opportunities across healthcare, financials and industrials. 
Currency Strategy: Negative outlook on the dollar 
• Eroding US credibility should continue to weigh on the dollar. The euro remains our preferred long against the USD,
supported by resilient European growth and a hawkish ECB facing persistently rising natural gas prices.
B. EUROPE
Economic Outlook: Resilience meets renewed inflation pressures 
• Growth remains resilient, driven by Germany and Spain, despite persistent supply bottlenecks, notably in oil and gas, and the
adverse impact of an exceptionally hot European summer.  
• Fiscal activism remains a key support: Germany’s historic Merz fiscal plan is gaining traction, NextGenerationEU funds continue
to flow to peripheral economies, and France has delayed fiscal consolidation. 
• Domestic demand will remain supportive, driven by a positive but cautious consumer and an accelerating corporate sector. The
external sector is expected to remain weak.  
• Renewed inflation pressures are pushing the ECB into credibility-defending mode: resilient activity increases the risk of
second-round effects and keeps policy risks tilted to the hawkish side. 
Fixed Income Strategy: Cyclically cautious on nominal rates, selective on credit 
• Long-end maturities on core rates at risk: increased supply, persistent deficits, and resilient growth are pressuring the long
end. 
• Sovereign spreads too tight: Fiscal slippage is not fully priced in and should drive wider spreads, particularly in France, where
political risk adds further pressure. 
• Real rates remain attractive: At 1.1% above inflation, they stand close to 15-year highs while market-implied inflation
expectations remain low, leaving real yields attractive. 
• Play defensive in credit markets, for now: Carry remains attractive, but spreads near historical tights at index level offer limited
protection against negative surprises. We therefore maintain a high level of index hedging while selectively favouring issuers
backed by hard assets, strong cash flows and tangible recovery value, particularly in financials, energy, industrials and selected
consumer sectors. 
Equity Strategy: More than a valuation story 
• Resilient growth and German stimulus support European equities, while offering diversification from AI-driven markets, with
supportive valuations.  
• Quality stocks still trade at relatively depressed levels versus the broader market, while fundamentals (especially in healthcare,
industrials, and banks) remain promising or have even strengthened for some companies.  
• Exposure centred on industrials benefiting from long-term themes and strengths: Electrification/ Reindustrialisation / Aerospace.
C. EMERGING MARKETS
Economic Outlook: A changing global landscape plays to EM strengths 
• EM economies have remained largely resilient through this year's upheaval, supported by improved macroeconomic
fundamentals (broadly contained inflation, manageable fiscal deficits and credible policies, orthodox central banks), leaving
many EM economies better equipped to absorb external shocks. 
• Asian technology: The export cycle remains exceptionally strong, with semiconductor and technology-hardware exports
reaching record levels, supported by the global AI infrastructure build-out. Korea and Taiwan are at the heart of this cycle. 


[Page 3]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
• China: The economy operates at two-speed: domestic consumption and property remain weak, while industrial production and
exports remain strong, supporting a large trade surplus amid renewed trade tensions with Europe and risks of more US tariffs.
Policy priorities remain firmly centred on technology leadership and industrial self-sufficiency, rather than a large-scale
consumer targeted stimulus. 
• India: Domestic fundamentals remain solid, with investment indicators pointing to robust activity and economic growth
expected to continue outperforming peers. However, external shocks (higher oil prices amid Middle East tensions and rupee
weakness) have increased macro pressures, while foreign equity flows have turned negative. Large FX reserves and targeted
government measures provide meaningful buffers, but the external backdrop warrants greater near-term caution.  
• Latin America: Fundamentals remain supportive, while politics will increasingly come into focus ahead of Brazil's 2026
presidential election. High real rates, attractive valuations and exposure to commodities continue to create selective
opportunities across the region. 
Fixed Income Strategy: Prioritising carry, while retaining selective duration 
• Hard-currency debt is where our strongest convictions can be found. While investment-grade spreads look relatively tight, we
continue to see compelling opportunities in high yield and selected special situations, notably Argentina, Côte d’Ivoire, Egypt
and Romania, supported by solid and/or improving sovereign fundamentals, limited default risk and attractive carry. 
• Local debt is facing a more challenging backdrop, but valuations are attractive. EM inflation continues to surprise on the
downside while several yield curves are pricing substantial rate hikes ahead - creating opportunities, particularly at the front
end. We favour Central and Eastern Europe (Czech Republic) and Latin America (Brazil). 
Equity Strategy: Capturing structural growth across AI and domestic markets 
• Compelling backdrop for EM equities: weaker US dollar expectations, strong earnings momentum (24% EPS growth expected
in 2027 vs 12% for the MSCI World) and a ~45% valuation discount to developed markets continue to strengthen the
investment case for the asset class. Structurally, EMs are at the heart of the powerful trends shaping global economy,
combining leadership in AI and advanced semiconductor manufacturing with strategic exposure to commodities and power
infrastructure. 
• AI hardware remains a core conviction, especially as several have derated. We retain exposure to Korean and Taiwanese leaders
benefiting from strong demand, earnings visibility and cash generation, while actively managing position sizes and rotating into
less crowded supply-chain beneficiaries with greater upside. 
• We continue to diversify our sources of alpha beyond AI, selectively investing in high-quality domestic opportunities across
China and Latin America, where attractive valuations and low market penetration create compelling long-term opportunities 
 
• India: structurally positive, tactically cautious. We remain underweight amid weaker foreign flows and a narrowing
earnings-growth premium, while selectively adding quality financials,healthcare and manufacturing names as valuations
improve. 
Currency Strategy: Capturing carry and commodity upside 
• We remain constructive but selective on EM currencies, supported by attractive carry, favourable valuations and exposure to
the commodity cycle. 
• We have increased exposure to currencies benefiting from strength in commodities, gold and precious metals. We also favour
the Mexican peso, supported by contained inflation, a favourable trade balance, a benign near-term political calendar and a
manufacturing base increasingly benefiting from AI-related electronics exports.
2026 PERFORMANCE
• Carmignac Investissement 
• Carmignac Emergents 
• Carmignac Portfolio Asia Discovery 
• Carmignac Portfolio Tech Solutions 
• Carmignac Portfolio Flexible Bond 


[Page 4]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
• Carmignac Portfolio Global Bond 
• Carmignac Portfolio Credit 
• Carmignac Portfolio EM Debt 
• Carmignac Patrimoine 
• Carmignac Portfolio Inflation Solution 
• Carmignac Absolute Return Europe 
• Carmignac Portfolio Long Short European Equities 
• Carmignac Private Evergreen


[Page 5]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
Marketing communication. Please refer to the KID/KIID, prospectus of the fund before making any final investment decisions. This document is intended
for professional clients.
This material may not be reproduced, in whole or in part, without prior authorisation from the Management Company. This material does not constitute a
subscription offer, nor does it constitute investment advice. This material is not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal or tax advice.
This material has been provided to you for informational purposes only and may not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or
interests referred to herein or for any other purposes. The information contained in this material may be partial information and may be modified without prior
notice. They are expressed as of the date of writing and are derived from proprietary and non-proprietary sources deemed by Carmignac to be reliable, are not
necessarily all-inclusive and are not guaranteed as to accuracy. As such, no warranty of accuracy or reliability is given and no responsibility arising in any other way
for errors and omissions (including responsibility to any person by reason of negligence) is accepted by Carmignac, its officers, employees or agents.
Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Performances are net of fees (excluding possible entrance fees charged by the distributor). The
return may increase or decrease as a result of currency fluctuations, for the shares which are not currency-hedged.
Reference to certain securities and financial instruments is for illustrative purposes to highlight stocks that are or have been included in the portfolios of funds in the
Carmignac range. This is not intended to promote direct investment in those instruments, nor does it constitute investment advice. The Management Company is
not subject to prohibition on trading in these instruments prior to issuing any communication. The portfolios of Carmignac funds may change without previous
notice. The reference to a ranking or prize, is no guarantee of the future results of the UCIS or the manager.
Morningstar Rating™ : © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; may not
be copied or distributed; and is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or
losses arising from any use of this information.
Access to the Funds may be subject to restrictions regarding certain persons or countries. This material is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by
reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the material or availability of this material is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions
apply must not access this material. Taxation depends on the situation of the individual. The Funds are not registered for retail distribution in Asia, in Japan, in North
America, nor are they registered in South America. Carmignac Funds are registered in Singapore as restricted foreign scheme (for professional clients only). The
Funds have not been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933. The Funds may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, for the benefit or on behalf of a
«U.S. person», according to the definition of the US Regulation S and FATCA.
The risks, fees and ongoing charges are described in the KID (Key Information Document). The KID must be made available to the subscriber prior to subscription.
The subscriber must read the KID. Investors may lose some or all their capital, as the capital in the funds are not guaranteed. The Funds present a risk of loss of
capital. 
The Funds’ prospectus, KIDs, NAVs and annual reports are available at www.carmignac.com/en, or upon request to the Management Carmignac Portfolio refers to
the sub-funds of Carmignac Portfolio SICAV, an investment company under Luxembourg law, conforming to the UCITS Directive. The French investment funds (fonds
communs de placement or FCP) are common funds in contractual form conforming to the UCITS or AIFM Directive under French law.
•
In the United Kingdom: the Funds’ respective prospectuses, KIIDs and annual reports are available at www.carmignac.com/en-gb, or upon request to the
Management Company, or for the French Funds, at the offices of the acilities Agent, Carmignac UK Ltd, 2 Carlton House Terrace, London, SW1Y 5AF. This
document was prepared by Carmignac Gestion, Carmignac Gestion Luxembourg or Carmignac UK Ltd. FP Carmignac ICVC (the “Company”) is an Investment
Company with variable capital incorporated in England and Wales under registered number 839620 and is authorised by the FCA with effect from 4 April 2019 and
launched on 15 May 2019. FundRock Partners Limited is the Authorised Corporate Director (the “ACD”) of the Company and is authorised and regulated by the
FCA. Registered Office: Hamilton Centre, Rodney Way, Chelmsford, Essex, CM1 3BY, UK; Registered in England and Wales with number 4162989. Carmignac
Gestion Luxembourg SA has been appointed as the Investment Manager and distributor in respect of the Company. Carmignac UK Ltd (Registered in England and
Wales with number 14162894) has been appointed as a sub-Investment Manager of the Company and is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct
Authority with FRN:984288. 
•
In Switzerland: the prospectus, KIDs and annual report are available at www.carmignac.com/en-ch, or through our representative in Switzerland, CACEIS
(Switzerland), S.A., Route de Signy 35, CH-1260 Nyon. The paying agent is CACEIS Bank, Montrouge, Nyon Branch / Switzerland, Route de Signy 35, 1260 Nyon.
•
In Belgium: This document is intended for professional clients. This content has not been validated by FSMA. The decision to invest in the promoted fund
should take into account all its characteristics or objectives as described in its prospectus. This communication is published by Carmignac Gestion S.A., a portfolio
management company approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) in France, and its Luxembourg subsidiary Carmignac Gestion Luxembourg, S.A., an
investment fund management company approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF). “Carmignac” is a registered trademark. “Investing
in your Interest” is a slogan associated with the Carmignac trademark. This document does not constitute advice on any investment or arbitrage of transferable
securities or any other asset management or investment product or service. The information and opinions contained in this document do not take into account
investors’ specific individual circumstances and must never be interpreted as legal, tax or investment advice. The information contained in this document may be
partial and could be changed without notice. This document may not be reproduced in whole or in part without prior authorisation. The risks and fees are described
in the KID (Key Information Document). The prospectus, KID, the net asset-values and the latest (semi-) annual management report may be obtained, free of charge,
in French or in Dutch, from the management company (tel. +352 46 70 60 1) or by consulting its website or www.fundinfo.com. These materials may also be obtained
from Caceis Belgium S.A., the financial service provider in Belgium, at the following address: avenue du port, 86c b320, B-1000 Brussels. The Fund (fonds commun de
placement or FCP) is a common fund in contractual form conforming to the UCITS Directive under French law. Access to the Fund may be subject to restrictions
regarding certain persons or countries. The Funds are not registered for retail distribution in Asia, in Japan, in North America, nor are they registered in South
America. Carmignac Funds are registered in Singapore as restricted foreign scheme (for professional clients only). The Funds have not been registered under the US
Securities Act of 1933. The Funds may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, for the benefit or on behalf of a «U.S. person», according to the definition of the
US Regulation S and FATCA. In case of subscription to a fund subject to Article 19bis of the Belgian Income Tax Code (CIR92), the investor will have to pay, upon
redemption of his or her shares, a withholding tax of 30% on the income (in the form of interest, or capital gains or losses) derived from the return on assets
invested in debt claims. Distributions are subject to withholding tax of 30% without income distinction. In case of subscription in a French investment fund (fonds
commun de placement or FCP), you must declare on tax form, each year, the share of the dividends (and interest, if applicable) received by the Fund. Any complaint
may be referred to  
 or CARMIGNAC GESTION - Compliance and Internal Controls - 24 place Vendôme Paris France or on the website
www.ombudsfin.be. 
The Management Company can cease promotion in your country anytime. Investors have access to a summary of their rights at section 5 entitled "summary of
investor rights" on the following links: UK ; Switzerland ; France ; Luxembourg ; Sweden. Belgium (French) ; Belgium (Dutch)
For Carmignac Portfolio Long-Short European Equities: Carmignac Gestion Luxembourg SA in its capacity as the Management Company for Carmignac Portfolio, has
delegated the investment management of this Sub-Fund to White Creek Capital LLP (Registered in England and Wales with number OCC447169) from 2nd May 2024.
White Creek Capital LLP is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority with FRN : 998349.
Carmignac Private Evergreen refers to the Private Evergreen sub-fund of the SICAV Carmignac S.A. SICAV - PART II UCI, registered with the Luxembourg RCS under
number B285278.
