[Page 1]
 
Existing Home Sales
 
PNC Economics Research 
10 September 2026 
Rising Mortgage Rates Weighed on 
Existing Home Sales in August 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Headlines 
 Existing home sales fell 2% in August. Sales were down 1.2% from the 
same time last year. 
 
 Inventories jumped to the highest level since late-2019. The inventory-to-
sales ratio increased to 4.9 months in August and is now above its pre-
pandemic level. 
 
 Annual house price growth ran at 1.6%, with the largest annual increase 
in the undersupplied Northeast. 
 
 Despite some improvement over the past year, housing affordability 
remains challenging amid high mortgage rates. Lower savings, a softer 
job market, and high inﬂation will limit households' ability to 
accumulate downpayments, providing less support for single-family 
home purchases in the near term. 
 
Details
Total existing home sales fell 2% to 3.98 million units 
at a seasonally-adjusted annualized rate in August, 
from 4.06 million units in July, according to the 
National Association of Realtors (NAR) (Figure 1). 
Higher mortgage rates have been a drag on home 
sales in recent months; the average fixed 30-year 
rate was between 6.6% and 6.7% in August, 
according to Freddie Mac, up from 6.05% in 
February. 
 
Existing home sales have hovered around 4 million 
over the past few years, considerably below the pre-
pandemic level of around 5 million. Sales dropped 
sharply in early 2022 after mortgage rates jumped 
quickly from 3% to close to 7%, remained below 4.5 
million in 2023, and dipped to a 14-year low in 
September 2024 at 3.90 million. Total existing home 
sales were down 1.2% year-over-year in August. 
 
Existing home sales dropped the most in the 
Northeast in August, down 4%, followed by the 
Midwest (down 3%) and the South (down 1.6%). Sales 
were unchanged from July in the West. On a 
year‑over‑year basis, sales declined by 2% to 3% in 
the Northeast, Midwest and West, and were 
unchanged in the South.  
Ershang Liang
ershang.liang@pnc.com 
PNC Economics 
economics@pnc.com 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 2]
 
Existing Home Sales
 
PNC Economics Research 
10 September 2026 
Existing single-family sales dropped 2% on the 
month and 1% from a year ago, while condo/co-op 
sales fell 2.7% both on the month and year-over-
year. 
 
The inventory of total existing homes for sale rose 
about 3% on the month to 1.62 million units before 
seasonal adjustment. This is the highest level since 
late-2019. Housing inventory has been on an upward 
trend in recent years and has jumped from early 
2026 but remains low by historical standards.  
 
On the month, with both a decline in sales and an 
increase in housing inventory, the supply of existing 
homes for sale at the current sales pace—or the 
inventory‑to‑sales ratio—rose to 4.9 months in 
August. This ratio is up from a record low of 1.6 
months in early 2022 and is now above its pre-
pandemic level. 
 
The median sale price of an existing home rose 1.6% 
year-over-year in August to $429,100 (not seasonally 
adjusted) (Figure 2). While this marked a slight 
slowdown from the 2.5% annual increase recorded 
in July, price growth was barely positive at the 
beginning of 2026. 
 
The Northeast, where housing supply remains 
particularly constrained, posted the strongest price 
growth among the regions, with the median sale 
price up about 4% from a year earlier. The Midwest 
followed with annual home price growth of 3%. 
Limited new construction continues to support price 
gains in both regions; together, the Northeast and 
Midwest 
accounted 
for 
just 
6% 
and 
15%, 
respectively, of all new housing starts in July, 
according to the U.S. Census Bureau. In contrast, 
home price growth remained subdued in the better-
supplied South and West, with median sale prices up 
by less than 1% from a year earlier in the South and 
down by 0.2% in the West. 
 
Housing affordability has improved over the past 
three years as mortgage rates have retreated from 
their peak of 7.6% in late 2023 and household 
incomes have continued to grow. Despite this 
improvement, however, affordability has remained 
near historic lows in 2026, as home prices continue 
to rise, income growth has slowed, and mortgage 
rates have moved somewhat higher this year.  
Looking ahead, PNC expects elevated mortgage 
rates to continue weighing on existing home sales in 
the near term. The average 30-year fixed mortgage 
rate is likely to remain above 6% through the rest of 
2026. At the same time, income growth has slowed 
as the job market has softened, while inflation has 
picked up. Lower savings, slower income growth, 
and higher inflation will limit households' ability to 
accumulate downpayments, providing less support 
for single-family home purchases in the near term.  
 
Figure 1: Total existing home sales (thousands, 
SAAR) 
 
 
Figure 2: Median existing home price (% chg., y/y) 
 
3980k
3,000
5,000
7,000
'00
'04
'08
'12
'16
'20
'24
Sources: NAR, PNC
-5
0
5
10
15
20
'22
'23
'24
'25
'26
Sources: NAR, PNC


[Page 3]
 
Existing Home Sales
 
PNC Economics Research 
10 September 2026 
Disclosures 
The material presented and the views expressed herein are of a general nature and does not constitute the provision of 
investment or economic advice to any person, or a recommendation of any particular securities, ﬁnancial instruments, 
strategies or banking services. Opinions and forecasts expressed herein are subject to change without notice. Relevant 
information was obtained from sources deemed reliable. Such information is not guaranteed as to its accuracy. You should 
seek the advice of an investment professional to tailor a ﬁnancial plan to your needs. 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over 
time. Future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and 
uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
made. We do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual 
results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as 
from historical performance. As a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
“PNC” is a registered mark of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
© 2026 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
