[Page 1]
Marketing materials for professional investors, not for onward distribution.
Multi-asset market outlook
Central bank divergence: Navigating sticky inflation vs. soft growth
September 2026


[Page 2]
> August was broadly risk-on. Developed and emerging market 
equities were supported by resilient activity, strong earnings and 
renewed technology momentum. 
> Global bonds gained, with credit outperforming despite 
blockbuster issuance from Big Tech hyperscalers. High yield 
spreads narrowed to a 12-month low, and emerging market debt 
benefited from dollar weakness. 
> In FX, concerns over dollar debasement rose when the US crossed 
the USD 40 trillion national debt threshold. Commodities rose 
broadly with gold shining again; industrial metals and agriculture 
also advanced. Drivers included El Niño, tight European gas 
inventories, and persistent concerns about oil supply.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The value of your investments may fluctuate.
Source: Robeco, Bloomberg. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.
Multi-asset market outlook
2
General overview
The longer-term market themes reassert themselves as equities and commodities outperform
Investors focus on concerns about US Treasury market 
Multi asset
1mo      3mo     YTD     1yr        3yr       5yr


[Page 3]
> Our multi-asset portfolios added to their long global equity 
positions during the summer, still favoring US and emerging 
markets, and remaining long on emerging market debt. 
> We continue to believe that rate expectations in Europe are too 
high given the economic headwinds. Raising rates into a 
commodity shock has not ended well for the ECB twice before.    
> We remain cautious but neutral on oil, unable to predict the 
likelihood of skirmishes between the US and Iran as their fragile 
ceasefire holds and then breaks again. We added to gold as prices 
found short-term buyer support. 
> We also reduced our high-yield hedging as AI-driven debt  
issuance passed uneventfully.    
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The value of your investments may fluctuate.
Source: Robeco. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.
Multi-asset market outlook
3
Robeco multi-asset views 
Investment Solutions multi-asset strategy positions (50:50 portfolio)
Portfolio risk is more risk-on than at the start of summer 
Underweight 
      Overweight


[Page 4]
> The annual symposium hosted by the US Federal Reserve at 
Jackson Hole showed the growing divergence between the way 
the world’s central banks are seen tackling inflation and economic 
growth. Fed Chairman Kevin Warsh used his 28 August address to 
talk tough on inflation, raising expectations that rates will have to 
rise, or at least, not fall. 
> But while this materially changed the US policy narrative, it 
highlighted an increasing divergence with other central banks in 
Europe, Japan and around the world that are also trying to 
combat inflation, but with differing abilities to use interest rates as 
the primary weapon.  
> The chart shows where rate hike expectations are compared to a 
neutral stance for the domestic economy.  Japan has the most 
room to raise rates without worrying about causing headwinds for 
economic growth. The US has some room to raise, but  the 
Eurozone, Australia and UK risk setting interest rates too high and 
negatively impacting economic growth.   
Multi-asset market outlook
4
Theme of the month
Central bank divergence: Navigating sticky inflation vs. soft growth
Source: Robeco, Bloomberg. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.
 
Talking tough, but flexibility differs
The normal negative correlation between stocks and bonds has gone
Source: Robeco, Bloomberg 


[Page 5]
> For the US, inflation pressures reflect tariffs, resilient demand and 
investment. The Fed has turned more hawkish, while the Treasury 
remains the more visible market operator through bond buybacks 
and market stability measures.  Effectively the interaction gives 
the Fed room to keep rates neutral while talking tough on 
inflation, without losing control of the long end of the US Treasury 
curve. 
> In the Eurozone, inflation is principally an imported energy and 
terms-of-trade shock. The ECB can tighten in line with its inflation 
mandate, but a lack of domestic drivers make the economy more 
vulnerable to higher rates. We have seen this play out before in 
2008 and 2011, when the ECB raised rates into commodity shock.  
> Unlike the last 40 years, Japan appears to be in the best position 
because inflation reflects structural reflation and domestic 
growth. The Bank of Japan can normalize rates without creating a 
headwind for its economy.  In addition, higher rates can increase 
the attractiveness of the yen.
Multi-asset market outlook
5
Theme of the month
Central bank divergence: Navigating sticky inflation vs. soft growth
Source: LSEG Datastream, Robeco. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.
 
Inflation problems are not all created equal
Decelerating wages limits second-round effects in the Eurozone 
Source: LSEG Datastream, Robeco, September 2026


[Page 6]
> In conclusion, the near-term impulse is synchronized tightening. 
However, the outcomes in the three regions could be very 
different in the medium term. The ECB raising rates in response to 
energy shock but without the economic buffer we see in Japan. 
The Bank of Japan has room to raise rates without impacting the 
domestic economy. 
> The Fed is confronting high-pressure economy and the front-end 
of the Treasury curve may remain reactive to these pressures.  So, 
US term premium is vulnerable to upward pressure, inferring 
continued cooperation between the Fed and the Treasury to 
prevent loss of control of longer-term rates – otherwise know as 
Operation Twist. 
> Overall, the global economy and risk assets (credit and equities) 
have coped well with higher rates over the last five years, mainly 
because the second-round effects of inflation have been muted, 
and we continue to believe this narrative.  
Multi-asset market outlook
6
Theme of the month
Central bank divergence: Navigating sticky inflation vs. soft growth
Source: Robeco, Bloomberg. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.
 
Cross-asset implications 
US and Eurozone wage inflation is still cooling while Japan is reflating 
Source: Robeco,  Bloomberg as @ 31/8/26 


[Page 7]
> The global economy is holding up remarkably well in the wake of 
the highest US tariffs since the 1930s and the oil price shock. Global 
PMIs have increasingly pointed toward accelerating expansion, 
defying the gravitational pull from higher input costs. The 
underlying reason for this resilience can be traced back to a nascent 
capex cycle that is broadening out beyond the Big Tech sector. Next 
to consumption, another engine of growth has fired up. 
> The increase in capex can be explained by historically strong 
earnings, with broader US NIPA profit margins setting a new post 
WW2 high of 14.9% at the end of the second quarter. 
> While broadening growth does indicate that a global recession 
might be kept at bay, it by no means implies that the global 
economy is out of the woods going into the winter. Flows from the 
Strait of Hormuz have only recovered to 60% of pre-war levels, with 
the LNG market looking particularly vulnerable to further 
disruption. Inventory levels in the Eurozone are well below 5-year 
seasonal averages, and Europe has to compete with Asia to try to 
refill reserves to adequate levels. 
Multi-asset market outlook
7
Economy
A new growth engine has fired up
A resilient global economy, but winter season unveils vulnerabilities
Capex has strongly accelerated, spurred largely by AI boom
Source: LSEG Datastream, Robeco. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.
 


[Page 8]
> The heat is on for the US government as interest payments on 
debt now amount to more than 14% of expenditures, leading 
some sovereign wealth funds pondering whether to cut their 
exposure to Treasuries. Long-end Treasury yields rose well above 
5% last month to the highest levels seen since 2006. Treasury 
Secretary Scott Bessent tried to calm the bond market 
by launching his own version of Operation Twist (2011-2012). 
> Whether this proves to be effective remains to be seen as the 
market's view is that interventions have historically proven to be 
less effective. They address symptoms rather than the underlying 
disease here. As long as Congress remains unwilling to exercise 
belt tightening and bring the US deficit back to levels that are 
deemed sustainable, the pressure on the term premium remains. 
> Yet, there is more to the rise in the long end of the curve than just 
worries about det sustainability. Record high corporate profitability 
in Q2 likely reflects that bondholders increasingly demand 
compensation for missing out on more attractive returns 
elsewhere. As such, the surge in the long end is not all gloomy. 
Multi-asset market outlook
8
Economy
US debt sustainability will remain a recurring theme
A major twist in the US yield curve 
Rising US debt warrants a higher term premium 
Source: LSEG Datastream, Robeco. All market data to 31 August 2026 unless mentioned otherwise.


[Page 9]
Important information
Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. has a license as manager of Undertakings for Collective Investment in 
Transferable Securities (UCITS) and Alternative Investment Funds (AIFs) (“Fund(s)”) from the Netherlands Authority 
for the Financial Markets. This is a marketing communication solely intended for professional investors, defined as 
investors qualifying as professional clients, who have requested to be treated as professional clients or who are 
authorized to receive such information under any applicable laws. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. 
and/or its related, affiliated and subsidiary companies (“Robeco”), will not be liable for any damages arising out of 
the use of this document. Users of this information who provide investment services in the European Union have 
their own responsibility to assess whether they are allowed to receive the information in accordance with MiFID II 
regulations. To the extent this information qualifies as a reasonable and appropriate minor non-monetary benefit 
under MiFID II, users that provide investment services in the European Union are responsible for complying with 
applicable recordkeeping and disclosure requirements. The content of this document is based upon sources of 
information believed to be reliable and comes without warranties of any kind. Without further explanation this 
document cannot be considered complete. Any opinions, estimates or forecasts may be changed at any time 
without prior warning. If in doubt, please seek independent advice. This document is intended to provide the 
professional investor with general information about Robeco’s specific capabilities but has not been prepared by 
Robeco as investment research and does not constitute an investment recommendation or advice to buy, hold or 
sell certain securities or investment products or to adopt any investment strategy or legal, accounting or tax advice. 
All rights relating to the information in this document are and will remain the property of Robeco. This document 
may not be copied or shared with the public. No part of this document may be reproduced or published in any form 
or by any means without Robeco's prior written permission. Investment involves risks. Before investing, please note 
the initial capital is not guaranteed. Investors should ensure they fully understand the risk associated with any 
Robeco product or service offered in their country of domicile. Investors should also consider their own investment 
objective and risk tolerance level. Historical returns are provided for illustrative purposes only. The price of units 
may go down as well as up and past performance is no guarantee of future results. If the currency in which the past 
performance is displayed differs from the currency of the country in which you reside, then you should be aware 
that due to exchange rate fluctuations the performance shown may increase or decrease if converted into your local 
currency. The performance data do not take account of the commissions and costs incurred when trading securities 
in client portfolios or for the issue and redemption of units. Unless otherwise stated, performances are i) net of fees 
based on transaction prices and ii) with dividends reinvested. Please refer to the prospectus of the Funds for further 
details. Performance is quoted net of investment management fees. The ongoing charges mentioned in this 
document are the ones stated in the Fund's latest annual report at closing date of the last calendar year. This 
document is not directed to or intended for distribution to or for use by any person or entity who is a citizen or 
resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, document, 
availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject any Fund or Robeco Institutional 
Asset Management B.V. to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction. Any decision to 
subscribe for interests in a Fund offered in a particular jurisdiction must be made solely on the basis of information 
contained in the prospectus, which information may be different from the information contained in this document. 
applicable exchange control regulations and taxes in the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or 
domicile. The Fund information, if any, contained in this document is qualified in its entirety by reference to the 
prospectus, and this document should, at all times, be read in conjunction with the prospectus. Detailed information 
on the Fund and associated risks is contained in the prospectus. The prospectus and the Key Information Document 
(PRIIP) for the Robeco Funds can all be obtained free of charge from Robeco’s websites. Parts of the marketing 
material may involve the use of AI-assisted tools to support the evaluation and review of marketing materials. These 
tools are designed to help ensure greater consistency and efficiency. All outcomes are reviewed by human 
evaluators.
Additional information for US investors
This document may be distributed in the US by Robeco Institutional Asset Management US, Inc. (“Robeco US”), an 
investment adviser registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Such registration should not 
be interpreted as an endorsement or approval of Robeco US by the SEC. Robeco Institutional Asset Management 
B.V. is considered “participating affiliated” and some of their employees are “associated persons” of Robeco US as 
per relevant SEC no-action guidance. Employees identified as associated persons of Robeco US perform activities 
directly or indirectly related to the investment advisory services provided by Robeco US. In those situations these 
individuals are deemed to be acting on behalf of Robeco US. SEC regulations are applicable only to clients, prospects 
and investors of Robeco US. Robeco US is wholly owned subsidiary of ORIX Corporation Europe N.V. (“ORIX”), a 
Dutch Investment Management Firm located in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Robeco US is located at 230 Park 
Avenue, 33rd floor, New York, NY 10169.
Additional information for US Offshore investors – Reg S
The Robeco Capital Growth Funds have not been registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 
1940, as amended, nor the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. None of the shares may be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly in the United States or to any US Person. A US Person is defined as (a) any individual who 
is a citizen or resident of the United States for federal income tax purposes; (b) a corporation, partnership or other 
entity created or organized under the laws of or existing in the United States; (c) an estate or trust the income of 
which is subject to United States federal income tax regardless of whether such income is effectively connected with 
a United States trade or business. In the United States, this material may be distributed only to a person who is a 
“distributor”, or who is not a “US person”, as defined by Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as 
amended).
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Australia
This document is distributed in Australia by Robeco Hong Kong Limited (ARBN 156 512 659), which is exempt from 
the requirement to hold an Australian financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) pursuant to 
ASIC Class Order 03/1103. Robeco Hong Kong Limited is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission under 
the laws of Hong Kong and those laws may differ from Australian laws. This document is distributed only to 
“wholesale clients” as that term is defined under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). This document is not intended for 
distribution or dissemination, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons. This document is not intended for 
public distribution in Australia.
Multi-asset market outlook
9
Important information


[Page 10]
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in New Zealand
In New Zealand, this document is only available to wholesale investors within the meaning of clause 3(2) of Schedule 
1 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (FMCA). This document is not intended for public distribution in New 
Zealand.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Austria
This information is solely intended for professional investors or eligible counterparties in the meaning of the 
Austrian Securities Oversight Act.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Brazil
The Fund may not be offered or sold to the public in Brazil. Accordingly, the Fund has not been nor will be registered 
with the Brazilian Securities Commission (CVM), nor has it been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. 
Documents relating to the Fund, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in 
Brazil, as the offering of the Fund is not a public offering of securities in Brazil, nor may they be used in connection 
with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to the public in Brazil.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Brunei
The Prospectus relates to a private collective investment scheme which is not subject to any form of domestic 
regulations by the Autoriti Monetari Brunei Darussalam (“Authority”). The Prospectus is intended for distribution 
only to specific classes of investors as specified in section 20 of the Securities Market Order, 2013, and must not, 
therefore, be delivered to, or relied on by, a retail client. The Authority is not responsible for reviewing or verifying 
any prospectus or other documents in connection with this collective investment scheme. The Authority has not 
approved the Prospectus or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in 
the Prospectus and has no responsibility for it. The units to which the Prospectus relates may be illiquid or subject to 
restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the units offered should conduct their own due diligence on 
the units.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Canada
No securities commission or similar authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed upon this document or 
the merits of the securities described herein, and any representation to the contrary is an offence. Robeco 
Institutional Asset Management B.V. relies on the international dealer and international adviser exemption in 
Quebec and has appointed McCarthy Tétrault LLP as its agent for service in Quebec.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in the Republic of Chile
Neither Robeco nor the Funds have been registered with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero pursuant to Law 
no. 18.045, the Ley de Mercado de Valores and regulations thereunder. This document does not constitute an offer 
of or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase shares of the Funds in the Republic of Chile, other than to the specific 
person who individually requested this information on their own initiative. This may therefore be treated as a 
“private offering” within the meaning of Article 4 of the Ley de Mercado de Valores (an offer that is not addressed 
to the public at large or to a certain sector or specific group of the public).
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Colombia
This document does not constitute a public offer in the Republic of Colombia. The offer of the fund is addressed to 
less than one hundred specifically identified investors. The fund may not be promoted or marketed in Colombia or 
to Colombian residents, unless such promotion and marketing is made in compliance with Decree 2555 of 2010 and 
other applicable rules and regulations related to the promotion of foreign funds in Colombia. The distribution of this 
Prospectus and the offering of Shares may be restricted in certain jurisdictions. The information contained in this 
Prospectus is for general guidance only, and it is the responsibility of any person or persons in possession of this 
Prospectus and wishing to make application for Shares to inform themselves of, and to observe, all applicable laws 
and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction. Prospective applicants for Shares should inform themselves of any 
applicable legal requirements, exchange control regulations and applicable taxes in the countries of their respective 
citizenship, residence or domicile.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC), United 
Arab Emirates
This material is distributed by Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. (DIFC Branch) located at Office 209, Level 
2, Gate Village Building 7, Dubai International Financial Centre, Dubai, PO Box 482060, UAE. Robeco Institutional 
Asset Management B.V. (DIFC Branch) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) and only deals 
with Professional Clients or Market Counterparties and does not deal with Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in France
Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. is at liberty to provide services in France. Robeco France is a subsidiary 
of Robeco whose business is based on the promotion and distribution of the group's funds to professional investors 
in France.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Germany
This information is solely intended for professional investors or eligible counterparties in the meaning of the 
German Securities Trading Act.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Hong Kong
This document is solely intended for professional investors, which has the meaning ascribed to it in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) and its subsidiary legislation of Hong Kong. This document is issued by Robeco 
Hong Kong Limited (“Robeco”), which is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”). The 
contents of this document have not been reviewed by the SFC. If there is any doubt about any of the contents of this 
document, independent professional advice should be obtained.
Multi-asset market outlook
10
Important information


[Page 11]
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Indonesia
The Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy securities in Indonesia.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Italy
This document is considered for use solely by qualified investors and private professional clients (as defined in 
Article 26 (1) (b) and (d) of Consob Regulation No. 16190 dated 29 October 2007). If made available to Distributors 
and individuals authorized by Distributors to conduct promotion and marketing activity, it may only be used for the 
purpose for which it was conceived. The data and information contained in this document may not be used for 
communications with Supervisory Authorities. This document does not include any information to determine, in 
concrete terms, the investment inclination and, therefore, this document cannot and should not be the basis for 
making any investment decisions.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Japan
This document is considered for use solely by qualified investors and is distributed by Robeco Japan Company 
Limited, registered in Japan as a Financial Instruments Business Operator, [registered No. the Director of Kanto Local 
Financial Bureau (Financial Instruments Business Operator), No.2780, Member of Japan Investment Advisors 
Association].
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in South Korea
No representation is made with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of the document to acquire the Funds 
therein under the laws of South Korea, including but not limited to the Foreign Exchange Transaction Act and 
Regulations thereunder. The Funds have not been registered under the Financial Investment Services and Capital 
Markets Act of Korea, and none of the Funds may be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold to any person for 
re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in South Korea or to any resident of South Korea except pursuant to 
applicable laws and regulations of South Korea.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Liechtenstein
This document is exclusively distributed to Liechtenstein-based, duly licensed financial intermediaries (such as 
banks, discretionary portfolio managers, insurance companies, fund of funds) which do not intend to invest on their 
own account into Fund(s) displayed in the document. This material is distributed by Robeco Switzerland Ltd, postal 
address: Josefstrasse 218, 8005 Zurich, Switzerland. LGT Bank Ltd., Herrengasse 12, FL-9490 Vaduz, Liechtenstein 
acts as the representative and paying agent in Liechtenstein. The prospectus, the Key Information Documents 
(PRIIP), the articles of association, the annual and semi-annual reports of the Fund(s) may be obtained from the 
representative or via the website.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Malaysia
Generally, no offer or sale of the Shares is permitted in Malaysia unless where a Recognition Exemption or the 
Prospectus Exemption applies: NO ACTION HAS BEEN, OR WILL BE, TAKEN TO COMPLY WITH MALAYSIAN LAWS FOR 
MAKING AVAILABLE, OFFERING FOR SUBSCRIPTION OR PURCHASE, OR ISSUING ANY INVITATION TO SUBSCRIBE FOR 
OR PURCHASE OR SALE OF THE SHARES IN MALAYSIA OR TO PERSONS IN MALAYSIA AS THE SHARES ARE NOT 
INTENDED BY THE ISSUER TO BE MADE AVAILABLE, OR MADE THE SUBJECT OF ANY OFFER OR INVITATION TO 
SUBSCRIBE OR PURCHASE, IN MALAYSIA. NEITHER THIS DOCUMENT NOR ANY DOCUMENT OR OTHER MATERIAL IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE SHARES SHOULD BE DISTRIBUTED, CAUSED TO BE DISTRIBUTED OR CIRCULATED IN 
MALAYSIA. NO PERSON SHOULD MAKE AVAILABLE OR MAKE ANY INVITATION OR OFFER OR INVITATION TO SELL OR 
PURCHASE THE SHARES IN MALAYSIA UNLESS SUCH PERSON TAKES THE NECESSARY ACTION TO COMPLY WITH 
MALAYSIAN LAWS.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Mexico
The funds have not been and will not be registered with the National Registry of Securities or maintained by the 
Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and, as a result, may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. 
Robeco and any underwriter or purchaser may offer and sell the funds in Mexico on a private placement basis to 
Institutional and Accredited Investors, pursuant to Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Peru
The Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (SMV) does not exercise any supervision over this Fund and therefore 
the management of it. The information the Fund provides to its investors and the other services it provides to them 
are the sole responsibility of the Administrator. This Prospectus is not for public distribution.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Singapore
This document has not been registered with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”). Accordingly, this 
document may not be circulated or distributed directly or indirectly to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1), or any 
person pursuant to Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305, of the SFA, or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. The 
contents of this document have not been reviewed by the MAS. Any decision to participate in the Fund should be 
made only after reviewing the sections regarding investment considerations, conflicts of interest, risk factors and 
the relevant Singapore selling restrictions (as described in the section entitled “Important information for Singapore 
Investors”) contained in the prospectus. Investors should consult their professional adviser if you are in doubt about 
the stringent restrictions applicable to the use of this document, regulatory status of the Fund, applicable regulatory 
protection, associated risks and suitability of the Fund to your objectives. Investors should note that only the Sub-
Funds listed in the appendix to the section entitled “Important information for Singapore Investors” of the 
prospectus (“Sub-Funds”) are available to Singapore investors. The Sub-Funds are notified as restricted foreign 
schemes under the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (“SFA”) and invoke the exemptions from 
compliance with prospectus registration requirements pursuant to the exemptions under Section 304 and Section 
305 of the SFA. The Sub-Funds are not authorized or recognized by the MAS and shares in the Sub-Funds are not 
allowed to be offered to the retail public in Singapore. The prospectus of the Fund is not a prospectus as defined in 
the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply.
Multi-asset market outlook
11
Important information


[Page 12]
The Sub-Funds may only be promoted exclusively to persons who are sufficiently experienced and sophisticated to 
understand the risks involved in investing in such schemes, and who satisfy certain other criteria provided under 
Section 304, Section 305 or any other applicable provision of the SFA and the subsidiary legislation enacted 
thereunder. You should
consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you. Robeco Singapore Private Limited holds a capital 
markets services license for fund management issued by the MAS and is subject to certain clientele restrictions 
under such license.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Spain
Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V., Sucursal en España with identification number W0032687F and having 
its registered office in Madrid at Calle Serrano 47-14º, is registered with the Spanish Commercial Registry in Madrid, 
in volume 19.957, page 190, section 8, sheet M-351927 and with the National Securities Market Commission 
(CNMV) in the Official Register of branches of European investment services companies, under number 24. The 
investment funds or SICAV mentioned in this document are regulated by the corresponding authorities of their 
country of origin and are registered in the Special Registry of the CNMV of Foreign Collective Investment Institutions 
marketed in Spain.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in South Africa
The information contained in this marketing material was provided by Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V 
(“Robeco”), a company registered in The Netherlands with registration number 24123167. Robeco is licenced as an 
Authorised Financial Services Provider by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority (FSCA) in South Africa with licence 
number 47602. The content of this marketing material is for information purposes only and are not to be 
interpreted as advice in terms of the FAIS Act.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Switzerland
The Fund(s) are domiciled in Luxembourg. This document is exclusively distributed in Switzerland to qualified 
investors as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act (CISA). This material is distributed by Robeco 
Switzerland Ltd, postal address: Josefstrasse 218, 8005 Zurich. ACOLIN Fund Services AG, postal address: 
Leutschenbachstrasse 50, 8050 Zürich, acts as the Swiss representative of the Fund(s). UBS Switzerland AG, 
Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, postal address: Europastrasse 2, P.O. Box, CH-8152 Opfikon, acts as the Swiss 
paying agent. The prospectus, the Key Information Documents (PRIIP), the articles of association, the annual and 
semi-annual reports of the Fund(s), as well as the list of the purchases and sales which the Fund(s) has undertaken 
during the financial year, may be obtained, on simple request and free of charge, at the office of the Swiss 
representative ACOLIN Fund Services AG. The prospectuses are also available via the website.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Taiwan
The Funds may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase outside Taiwan by Taiwan resident investors, but may 
not be offered or sold in Taiwan. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority 
in Taiwan. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent 
professional advice.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Thailand
The Prospectus has not been approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission which takes no responsibility for 
its contents. No offer to the public to purchase the Shares will be made in Thailand and the Prospectus is intended 
to be read by the addressee only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in the United Arab Emirates
Some Funds referred to in this marketing material have been registered with the UAE Securities and Commodities 
Authority (“the Authority”). Details of all Registered Funds can be found on the Authority’s website. The Authority 
assumes no liability for the accuracy of the information set out in this material/document, nor for the failure of any 
persons engaged in the investment Fund in performing their duties and responsibilities.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in the United Kingdom
This is a marketing communication. This information is provided by Robeco Institutional Asset Management UK 
Limited, 30 Fenchurch Street, Part Level 8, London EC3M 3BD registered in England no. 15362605. Robeco 
Institutional Asset Management UK Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA – 
Reference No: 1007814). It is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute investment advice or 
an invitation to purchase any security or other investment. Subscriptions will only be received and shares issued on 
the basis of the current Prospectus, relevant Key Investor Information Document (KIID) and other supplementary 
information for the Fund. These can be obtained free of charge from Northern Trust Global Serviced Limited, 50 
Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5NT or from our website www.robeco.com. This information is directed at 
Professional Clients only and is not intended for public use.
Additional information for investors with residence or seat in Uruguay
The sale of the Fund qualifies as a private placement pursuant to section 2 of Uruguayan law 18,627. The Fund must 
not be offered or sold to the public in Uruguay, except under circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering or distribution under Uruguayan laws and regulations. The Fund is not and will not be registered with the 
Financial Services Superintendency of the Central Bank of Uruguay. The Fund corresponds to investment funds that 
are not investment funds regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774 dated 27 September 1996, as amended.
© Q2/2026 Robeco
Multi-asset market outlook
12
Important information
