[Page 1]
GLOBAL ECONOMICS  
Visit our website at scotiabank.com/economics | Follow us on Twitter at @ScotiaEconomics | Contact us by 
email at scotia.economics@scotiabank.com 
Contributors  
Juan Manuel Herrera 
Director 
+52.55.2299.6675 (Mexico) 
juanmanuel.herrera@scotiabank.com  
 
 
FLASH REPORT 
September 10, 2026  
 
Hawkish ECB Hike Tees Up Additional Tightening 
• 
The ECB delivered a widely expected 25bp rate hike, taking its deposit facility rate 
to 2.50%, marking the second quarter-point increase since beginning its tightening 
campaign in June.  
• 
While our freshly-published forecasts indicate that we think the ECB is done 
hiking, today’s decision and the current scenario of higher-for-longer energy prices 
clearly tee up at least one additional rate increase. October is ‘live’, though the ECB 
may wait until December. 
• 
According to ECB President Lagarde, today’s decision was a “no brainer” and 
unanimous, noting that risks to the inflation outlook are to the upside and that the 
ECB was surprised by longer lasting inflation and the bloc’s economic resilience.  
• 
The bank revised higher its 2027 and 2028 inflation forecasts, accompanied by 
upward revisions to its 2026 and 2027 GDP growth projections. In its baseline 
scenario, headline inflation is expected to remain above 2% until late-2027, while 
core inflation remains a few tenths above 2% at the end of the forecast horizon. 
• 
The market reaction was sharp, with traders adding about 15–20bp to hike bets 
that now stand at a total of 40–45bp by end-2026 (one hike and 60–80% odds of 
another) and ~80–85bps at the hiking peak by mid-2027 (at least three hikes).  
The ECB delivered a widely expected 25bp rate hike, taking its deposit facility rate to 
2.50%, marking the second quarter-point increase since beginning its tightening 
campaign in June. Continuously high energy prices, with only a short-lived pullback a 
couple of months ago, and a feeling that a resolution to the Middle East conflict remains 
months away are strongly pressuring inflation higher for longer, with growing risks that 
second-order effects materialize the longer the war drags on (over six months and 
counting). 
Our latest forecast update published yesterday showed no more hikes expected after 
today’s 25bp rate increase, with a bias towards penciling in additional tightening to be 
confirmed by the ECB’s communications and how energy prices evolved in the weeks and 
months to come. The ECB’s updated assessment of the Eurozone’s growth and inflation 
trajectory and the latest developments in the Middle East (taking both WTI and Brent oil 
above the $100/bbl level) that point to continued energy supply strains not only argue for 
one more 25bp hike but the possibility of one or two more following.  
An October or December rate increase looks practically certain if energy prices and risks 
remain as they are today by the time of these decisions; even a decline in prices to levels 
of about two weeks ago likely wouldn’t be enough to prevent another hike by year-end. 
News reports published after Lagarde’s press conference noted that officials are readying 
another rate increase, with the next hike possibly coming as soon as the October 
announcement while an increase by December is more likely than not—though those ‘in-
the-know’ believe market bets on three additional hikes “may be too aggressive.”  
At writing, traders are pricing in a total of 80–85bps in additional rate increases by the 
ECB at the hiking peak in mid-2027, with 40–45bps of these expected by year-end, 
representing increases of around 15–20bps compared to yesterday’s close. Note that 
global yields are moving higher today, not just on the back of the ECB’s decision feeding 
rate hike bets elsewhere, but also a ~7% rise in WTI and Brent oil, and a below-maximum 
UST buyback operation. For reference, cumulative Fed hikes priced in by December 2026 
and June 2027 are up 7bps and 17bps, to ~45bps and ~80bps, respectively. The EUR is 
getting caught in the USD positive mood amid risk aversion, with a modest 0.2% decline 
on par with the GBP’s. 


[Page 2]
2 
Global Economics  
September 10, 2026 
FLASH REPORT 
The ECB is of course sticking to a data/events-dependent stance, but policymakers will likely need large drops in energy prices and sharply 
reduced geopolitical risks to move away from thinking additional hikes are needed. Between now and the ECB’s October 29th rate decision, 
we will only get HICP data for September, as October HICP figures (as in the case of Q3 GDP data) are out the day and week after the 
announcement. The bank may have a decent sense of where these readings will land to guide its decision, but it could also choose to act 
sooner rather than later if come late-October Brent oil has continued to trade above $100/bbl and Dutch natural gas prices remain above 
€65/MWh (more on the ECB’s scenarios later).  
According to ECB President Lagarde, today’s decision was unanimous and the hike was a “no-brainer.” During her press conference, 
Lagarde highlighted that the Eurozone economy proved resilient in Q2-26 despite the energy shock (GDP grew 0.6% q/q, or 2.6% q/q 
annualized, after a flat Q1) and that the economic trend probably continued in the third quarter, noting that the near-term growth outlook 
has improved, although the employment slowdown continues. Regarding inflation, Lagarde did say that most measures of underlying 
inflation are stable, that longer-term inflation expectations are around 2%, and that wages are not showing a material response to the 
energy shock (though conceding that their wage tracker points to a modest uptick in 1H27). On the other hand, Lagarde noted that inflation 
will remain “well above target” into 1H27 with core inflation also rising into early-2027, with inflation risks tilted to the upside and that the 
ECB was surprised by longer lasting inflation but also lower-than-expected inflation—albeit mainly due to food prices.  
The main changes in the statement correspond to the bank’s updated forecasts and the justification for today’s hike, stating that “the 
conflict in the Middle East continues to generate inflation pressures, and inflation is set to remain well above target for an extended period,” 
and the “decision underscores the Governing Council’s commitment to setting monetary policy to ensure that inflation stabilises at its 2% 
target.” The ECB left its final paragraph unchanged, repeating that “the Governing Council remains well positioned to navigate the 
uncertainty caused by the conflict” and that “it will follow a data-dependent and meeting-by-meeting approach to determining the 
appropriate monetary policy stance.” 
Regarding the ECB’s forecast changes, the baseline projection shows that headline inflation will average 3.0/2.5/2.1% in 2026/27/28 (up 
from 3.0/2.3/2.0% in the June round) and core inflation will average 2.5/2.6/2.3% in 2026/27/28 (up from 2.5/2.5/2.2%). The revisions 
versus the June round may look modest at first glance, but they reflect a mix of lower food inflation forecasts that contribute a 0.2–0.25 
ppts drag on headline inflation over Q3-26 to Q2-27 against a higher energy prices view that adds 0.3–0.4ppts over Q4-26 to Q2-27 and 
0.2ppts in Q3-27 headline inflation—all relative to the June quarterly path. The core inflation revisions correspond to the pass-through of 
higher energy prices, though the document does not specify that this is a greater sensitivity (i.e. it would mostly be a proportional impact). 
GDP growth was upgraded to 0.9/1.4/1.5% in 2026/27/28 (from 0.8/1.2/1.5%). 
As in previous forecast updates, the ECB has included alternative scenarios (Milder, Adverse, and Severe) that consider different energy 
prices paths and greater second-round inflationary impacts. While the bank’s baseline (based on ten working days to the August 19th cut-off 
date) assumes that that Brent oil will average $90/bbl, $78/bbl, and $74/bbl in 2026, 2027, and 2028, respectively, the ECB’s Adverse 
scenario incorporates an oil futures curve that is higher by 6% in 2026 and 18% in 2027–2028, while the Severe scenario is based on prices 
being higher by 21% in 2026 and close to 60% in 2028 (the gas price percentage higher assumptions are around double those for oil in both 
scenarios). At writing, the 2027 Brent oil futures curve averages around $85–90/bbl, so a few dollars short of the ECB’s Adverse scenario. 
Under the Adverse assumptions, the ECB projects that headline and core inflation average 3.1/3.2/2.3% and 2.5/2.8/2.4% in 2026/27/28, 
respectively, compared to the baseline of 3.0/2.5/2.1% and 2.5/2.6/2.3%.  
So, around current prices, if these were to hold in line with today’s futures curves (similar to the Adverse scenario), the ECB would be looking 
at inflation sitting above 3% through the first half of next year to close around 2.5% in 2027 and not falling much more into end-2028, while 
core inflation spends all of 2027 between 2.5% and 3%. That’s a situation where the ECB is not just hiking once again, as is now extremely 
likely, but two or three additional times—and one cannot rule out more tightening if there are clear signs of second-round effects in wage-
setting, inflation expectations, and core inflation. But, this all remains to be seen, and a lot depends on Middle East developments.  


[Page 3]
September 10, 2026 
FLASH REPORT 
3 
Global Economics  
This report has been prepared by Scotiabank Economics as a resource for the clients of Scotiabank. Opinions, estimates and projections contained herein are our own as of the date hereof and are subject 
to change without notice. The information and opinions contained herein have been compiled or arrived at from sources believed reliable but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as 
to their accuracy or completeness. Neither Scotiabank nor any of its officers, directors, partners, employees or affiliates accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from 
any use of this report or its contents. 
These reports are provided to you for informational purposes only. This report is not, and is not constructed as, an offer to sell or solicitation of any offer to buy any financial instrument, nor shall this 
report be construed as an opinion as to whether you should enter into any swap or trading strategy involving a swap or any other transaction. The information contained in this report is not intended to 
be, and does not constitute, a recommendation of a swap or trading strategy involving a swap within the meaning of U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission Regulation 23.434 and Appendix A 
thereto. This material is not intended to be individually tailored to your needs or characteristics and should not be viewed as a “call to action” or suggestion that you enter into a swap or trading strategy 
involving a swap or any other transaction. Scotiabank may engage in transactions in a manner inconsistent with the views discussed this report and may have positions, or be in the process of acquiring or 
disposing of positions, referred to in this report. 
Scotiabank, its affiliates and any of their respective officers, directors and employees may from time to time take positions in currencies, act as managers, co-managers or underwriters of a public offering 
or act as principals or agents, deal in, own or act as market makers or advisors, brokers or commercial and/or investment bankers in relation to securities or related derivatives. As a result of these actions, 
Scotiabank may receive remuneration. All Scotiabank products and services are subject to the terms of applicable agreements and local regulations. Officers, directors and employees of Scotiabank and 
its affiliates may serve as directors of corporations. 
Any securities discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors. Scotiabank recommends that investors independently evaluate any issuer and security discussed in this report, and consult 
with any advisors they deem necessary prior to making any investment. 
This report and all information, opinions and conclusions contained in it are protected by copyright. This information may not be reproduced without the prior express written consent of Scotiabank. 
Trademark of The Bank of Nova Scotia. Used under license, where applicable.  
Scotiabank, together with “Global Banking and Markets”, is a marketing name for the global corporate and investment banking and capital markets businesses of The Bank of Nova Scotia and certain of its 
affiliates in the countries where they operate, including; Scotiabank Europe plc; Scotiabank (Ireland) Designated Activity Company; Scotiabank Inverlat S.A., Institución de Banca Múltiple, Grupo 
Financiero Scotiabank Inverlat, Scotia Inverlat Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V., Grupo Financiero Scotiabank Inverlat, Scotia Inverlat Derivados S.A. de C.V. – all members of the Scotiabank group and 
authorized users of the Scotiabank mark. The Bank of Nova Scotia is incorporated in Canada with limited liability and is authorised and regulated by the Office of the Superintendent of Financial 
Institutions Canada. The Bank of Nova Scotia is authorized by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the UK 
Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of The Bank of Nova Scotia's regulation by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. Scotiabank Europe plc is 
authorized by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the UK Prudential Regulation Authority.  
Scotiabank Inverlat, S.A., Scotia Inverlat Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V, Grupo Financiero Scotiabank Inverlat, and Scotia Inverlat Derivados, S.A. de C.V., are each authorized and regulated by the Mexican 
financial authorities.  
Not all products and services are offered in all jurisdictions. Services described are available in jurisdictions where permitted by law. 
