[Page 1]
2026  Issue 17
September 8, 2026
Who Can See Clearly Now?   
Worries about protracted geopolitical conflicts, stubborn energy costs, massive and growing fiscal deficits, tariff jousting, an 
avalanche of AI-related borrowings, and the uncertainties of a new Fed Chairman – add up to a scenario of high rates for longer.   
This is not a concern for the U.S. alone. Japan's bond yields are seeing highs not seen in 30 years.  Germany's 10-year yield was at 
its highest since 2011, and France's at its highest since 2008. Also, Britain's 10-year gilt yield rose to highs not seen since 2008. 
While a menu of supply constraints are key to the run-up in global bond markets, it should not be forgotten that rising yields also 
reflect a resilient economic backdrop. And evidence from strong corporate earnings remain a formidable driver. However, lengthy 
episodes of high yields are debilitating and risk bouts of extra volatility. Maneuvering through this morass will prove to be a tricky 
challenge for government officials and businesses and households.
ABRAHAM  GULKOWITZ
abe@gulkowitz.com
917-402-9039
Mixing economic wars, trade wars and actual war
Are the US Treasury 
buybacks a 'mistake' 
costing its credibility,
Iran confident it can 
counter US sanctions
US business investment is projected to rise 
40% in real terms from 2021 through 2027, 
versus 12% in the euro area, widening the 
AI-driven technology and productivity gap.
China warns US it could 
retaliate over Iran sanctions
Meta’s $18b settlement of a landmark 
social media addiction case
Nvidia’s big growth prediction
Traders Monitor Hormuz Flows
The global bond selloff escalates
Rising bond yields add tens of 
billions to G7 countries’ debt costs
World’s biggest developed economies face 
higher financing costs since start of US-Iran 
war, weighing on public finances
Banks Brace For 
NYC’s Rent Freeze
May Never be the Same
Two Tankers Attacked on 
Midnight Run Through Hormuz
The Big Difference
Tech earnings are on the  rise, but the market has been 
unwilling to pay up as much for them. That’s unlike the 
Dotcom bubble!
Diesel is key:   Diesel prices have surged this summer since the U.S.-Iran 
ceasefire fizzled and Ukraine began a campaign to knock out refineries in Russia, 
which is a major exporter of the fuel. Rising diesel prices tend to be more 
inflationary than those for gasoline since it is burned by trucks, trains, 
construction equipment and farming implements, lifting the cost of producing 
and shipping all manner of goods. 
Volkswagen 
said 
that 
its 
supervisory board “acknowledges” 
that 
its 
“European 
capacity 
currently exceeds demand by more 
than 500,000 units.” 
Manager of Norway’s $2tn 
oil fund proposes slashing 
US Treasury holdings
Latest: $5.85
Labor Day Fuel Prices Shock Thanks 
To Iran War And Refinery Issues
Canada Imposes New Tariffs on U.S. 
Goods, as Trade War Intensifies


[Page 2]
The PunchLine...
2
September 9, 2026
In This Issue
Headlines and data appearing in The Punch Line came from widely available publications including 
national and international newspapers, trade journals, economic and industrial bulletins and news websites. 
•
The Likelihood of Unlikely Events 
(pg 13)
•
The DNA of Business…    
(pg 14)
•
Real Estate and Construction… 
(pg 15)
•
More Real Estate  
(pg 16)
•
Will Life Ever be the Same?                                       (pg 17)
• What to Make of All This…        
 
Worries about protracted geopolitical conflicts, stubborn energy costs, 
massive and growing fiscal deficits, tariff jousting, an avalanche of AI-
related borrowings, and the uncertainties of a new Fed Chairman – add up 
to a scenario of high rates for longer.   This is not a concern for the U.S. 
alone. Japan's bond yields are seeing highs not seen in 30 years.  
Germany's 10-year yield was at its highest since 2011, and France's at its 
highest since 2008. Also, Britain's 10-year gilt yield rose to highs not seen 
since 2008. While a menu of supply constraints are key to the run-up in 
global bond markets, it should not be forgotten that rising yields also reflect 
a resilient economic backdrop. And evidence from strong corporate 
earnings remain a formidable driver. However, lengthy episodes of high 
yields are debilitating and risk bouts of extra volatility. Maneuvering through 
this morass will prove to be a tricky challenge for government officials and 
businesses and households. 
 
                     (pg 1)
• In This Issue 
(pg 2)
• Breaking it Down…   
(pg 3)          
• Many Broken Data…     
(pg 4)
• Engines of Growth…                                       (pg 5)
• Keeping Track…                                                                       (pg 6)
• Data Surprises…                                             (pg 7)
• Since You Asked  
(pg 8)
• Talking Points…                                              (pg 9) 
• You Can’t Handle the Truth 
(pg 10)
• Dislocation, Dislocation…                             (pg 11)
• The Rest of the Story…                      
(pg 12)
  
    
         
         
 
 
  
Contact information:
Abraham Gulkowitz
phone: 917-402-9039                email:   abe@gulkowitz.com 


[Page 3]
The PunchLine...
3
September 9, 2026
Breaking it Down
There are estimates that the AI frenzy 
accounts for around a third of the U.S. 
economy’s recent growth, as the data-center 
build-out 
sucks 
in 
semiconductors, 
electronics, cables, metals and machinery 
from around the world.   Exports from China 
were up by a quarter in July compared with 
a year earlier, while exports from Japan rose 
22%. Taiwan’s exports were up by a third 
and South Korea’s jumped 63%. 


[Page 4]
The PunchLine...
4
September 9, 2026
Too Many Broken Data Indicators 
Canadian businesses fear ‘vortex of 
downward pressures’ from Trump’s tariffs
Canada is the top trading partner for more 
than half of all American states. Plus, Canada 
supplies the vast majority of US natural gas 
and electricity imports
US Consumer Confidence Index
New reading:    89.4 in August (lowest survey level in 
seven months).
Present Situation Index: Rose 6.8 points to 121.2, 
showing better current views on jobs and business.
Expectations Index: Fell 5.8 points to 68.2, reflecting 
a more pessimistic six-month outlook.
US Corp Earnings
Earnings season  delivered one of the strongest 
fundamental backdrops of the post-pandemic cycle. 
Earnings growth at this pace is typically a phenomenon 
seen at the start of an economic expansion, occurring 
most often as the economy rebounds post-recession. 
But not this time, thanks to a once-in-a-generation 
capital expenditure boom, tax policies, a spike in 
energy prices and pent-up demand.  The biggest driver 
is the artificial intelligence infrastructure build-out. 
Semiconductor, networking and cloud-related spending 
continues to expand as hyperscalers race to deploy 
capacity. 
Food stamps are on track to cost $85.7 billion this 
fiscal year, far less than the $100 billion the 
Congressional Budget Office projected in its 
baseline budget in February and the $107 billion 
forecasted in January 2025. That’s a 20% decline 
in the program’s baseline.
Diesel:  U.S. national average retail prices for 
diesel exceeded $5.68 a gallon on Wednesday, 
about $2 higher than a year ago, according to 
Dow Jones Energy. The price is less than a penny 
shy of the high hit this spring after fighting began 
in the Persian Gulf and hindered transit through 
the Strait of Hormuz and within 13 cents of the 
record set in 2022 after Russia invaded Ukraine. 
US Banning Dairy Products, Most 
Alcoholic Beverages And 
Motorcycles From Canada


[Page 5]
The PunchLine...
5
September 9, 2026
Engines of Growth… 
China warns US it could retaliate 
over Iran sanctions  
Winners of America's data-center boom
Generac plans $250 million factory expansion by 
end of 2027 to make beefed-up data-center 
generators
Wisconsin-based company's order backlog for 
data-center generators stands at $1.6 billion
Wood Mackenzie projects US data-center electrical 
equipment market to double to $66 billion by 2030
China's property crisis grinds 
on after Evergrande sentencing 
Economic D-Day for Iran:     The Trump administration announced trade measures 
aimed at economically isolating Iran yesterday that it had previously teased as “economic 
D-Day”…but Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said it was more of a “warning shot” than a 
full-scale assault.   Dubbing the plan “Operation Economic Outcast,” Bessent said the US 
will impose devastating sanctions against countries that enable Iran to illicitly trade in oil, 
crypto, aviation, gold, technology, and shipping in order to cause the “economic 
asphyxiation” of the regime:  A joke if China, India, Russia not cooperating!
Summer brought a growth spurt to advanced 
economies, according to closely watched business-activity 
surveys, and global trade is buoyant. Behind this rosy picture is the 
artificial-intelligence boom that is fueling an investment surge in 
the U.S. and rocketing exports in Asia.   Those tailwinds are lifting 
global growth, even as the Strait of Hormuz remains shut and 
geopolitical tensions persist.    “We have literally a tug of war 
between the negative supply shock from the Middle East and the 
positive demand shock from AI,” Kristalina Georgieva, managing 
director of the International Monetary Fund, said this week. As 
data centers spring up in more countries, AI “is becoming a growth 
engine for the global economy,” she said. 
India’s GDP Growth Beats Expectations
India’s GDP grew 7.8% in the June quarter of 2026, matching 
the previous quarter and beating expectations of 7.1%. The data 
reinforced India’s position as the fastest-growing G20 
economy despite higher energy prices, rupee pressure and 
market intervention by the RBI amid the Middle East conflict.

A G-20 statement implicitly criticized China by calling on countries 
with persistent surpluses to end policies causing an overreliance on 
exports.

China was the only dissenter to the G-20 statement, objecting to 
sections including the one about overreliance on exports.

Analysts say it is too soon to know if the statement will lead to global 
coordination, as countries worry about potential Chinese retaliation.
Defense spending booms,
So much proves to have been  
bloated and misdirected
The U.S. blockade and dwindling supplies already on the 
water are squeezing Tehran’s most important export earner.
China’s 25% export surge sets stage 
for record annual trade surplus


[Page 6]
The PunchLine...
6
September 9, 2026
Keeping Track
Job Market Surprises
The US economy added 162K jobs in August, following an 
upwardly revised 23K rise in July and much higher than 
expectations of 56K. Employment increased in food services 
and drinking places and in local government education. The 
change in total nonfarm payroll employment for June and 
July was revised up by a combined 55K. 


[Page 7]
The PunchLine...
7
September 9, 2026
Data Surprises
US corporate profits surge to record 
Pre-tax earnings hit highest share of national 
income since aftermath of second world war


[Page 8]
The PunchLine...
8
September 9, 2026
Since You Asked… 


[Page 9]
The PunchLine...
9
September 9, 2026
Talking Points
A Walk Around Dubai Shows No Signs 
of Trump’s ‘D-Day’ for Iran
Iranian business activity and banking 
continues openly in Dubai despite warnings 
by the U.S. 
Will the Fed’s hawkish stance survive contact with jobs data?
The US economy added 79,000 fewer jobs in the 12 months through March 2026 than 
previously estimated, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ preliminary 
benchmark revision, representing a downward adjustment of 0.1%. 
The private sector likely had 178,000 fewer jobs in March than official data shows, 
with the slide concentrated in retail and wholesale trade.
Federal, state and local governments added 99,000 more jobs than previously 
reported.
The revision was concentrated in several major sectors, with retail trade recording 
the largest reduction of 154,600 jobs. Private education and health services followed 
with a 96,000 downward revision, while wholesale trade was revised down by 86,200 
and professional and business services by 76,000. Manufacturing payrolls were 
reduced by 67,000, while leisure and hospitality and mining and logging saw 
smaller downward adjustments of 33,000 and 6,000, respectively. However, several 
sectors recorded upward revisions. Transportation and warehousing led with an 
increase of 135,100 jobs, followed by government with 99,000, information with 
87,000, financial activities with 85,000 and construction with 62,000.
Steel rebar futures jumped above CNY 3,130 per ton, reaching their highest levels since 
mid-June as investors anticipated a recovery in demand due to seasonal factors ahead of 
the September peak construction season. Construction activity in top consumer China 
typically picks up ahead of winter, strengthening the outlook for demand for steel and 
raw materials. China’s National Development and Reform Commission also reportedly 
held meetings in recent weeks urging local governments to accelerate the construction 
of major projects. Meanwhile, China’s non-manufacturing PMI, which covers services and 
construction, held steady at 49.0, matching July’s reading and remaining at its weakest 
level since December 2022. Sweeping regulatory changes for China’s crisis-hit property 
sector announced last week also drove shares in smaller developers sharply lower, amid 
expectations of further consolidation across the industry.
China exports surged 25.0% year-on-year to USD 401.44 
billion in August 2026, accelerating from 23.9% growth in July
 The solid trade performance comes as Washington intensifies 
pressure on Beijing to narrow trade imbalances ahead of a planned 
Trump-Xi meeting, while trade frictions between Beijing and Brussels 
are also intensifying ahead of an October deadline to address 
imbalances that EU leaders increasingly regard as a strategic concern.
China’s latest five-year plan calls for making 
the nation a tourism powerhouse to help 
drive economic growth.


[Page 10]
The PunchLine...
10
September 9, 2026
You   Can’t Handle the Truth…
The ‘Roller Kospi’
The AI boom gone wrong and crazy leverage…
The Kospi was the world’s top-performing stock market in 2025, 
with a 76% gain. The surge made South Korea the world’s 5th-
largest market by market capitalization, moving from 13th place a 
year earlier and surpassing the U.K. and France. By mid-2026, 
Samsung and SK Hynix accounted for more than 50% of the 
exchange’s value.  And then…
Ocean temperatures hit their hottest on record. If 
you thought you’ve been hot this summer, the fish are 
probably even hotter, as the world’s ocean 
temperatures reached 21.1 degrees Celsius (70 
degrees Fahrenheit) last Friday and Saturday. With a 
brewing El Niño and climate change pushing the 
mercury up, the data from the European climate 
service Copernicus is the highest reading ever 
recorded, surpassing a record set in March 2024.
An inflation measure closely watched by the Federal 
Reserve was unchanged last month in the latest sign that 
many Americans are still struggling with higher costs.
The Commerce Department’s report showed that prices rose 
3.7% in July compared with a year earlier, the same as June. 
Inflation has worsened since the U.S. and Israel attacked Iran 
in late February, when it stood at 2.9%. It’s noticeably above 
the Fed’s target of 2%.    Stubbornly high prices are shaping 
up to be a key issue in the midterm elections, now just 10 
weeks away, particularly as the Iran war keeps gas prices 
high.      Excluding the volatile food and energy categories, 
core inflation was also unchanged at 3.3% in July. It had 
previously fallen to 2.6%...  
U.S. refineries are operating near the upper end of their historical 
range at a time when the global fuel market is relying heavily on 
American production. According to the U.S. Energy Information 
Administration (EIA), U.S. refinery utilization reached 97.4% for the 
week ending August 21, while crude oil inputs averaged roughly 17.3 
million barrels per day.    High utilization itself is not unusual. 
Refineries are designed to operate continuously and regularly 
increase production during periods of strong demand. What stands 
out today is how long utilization has remained near its upper limit.
Reuters reported that U.S. refinery utilization remained above 95% 
for 11 consecutive weeks through mid-August, one of only a handful of 
sustained runs at that level since EIA records began in 1990.
The EPA moved up the date when refineries can 
switch from summer gas blends to cheaper winter 
blends from Sept. 15 to Sept. 1, which may provide 
some relief at the pump.


[Page 11]
The PunchLine...
11
September 9, 2026
Dislocation, Dislocation, Dislocation
Oil edges back towards $100 after Gulf flare-
up renews fears of supply crunch
Oil reserves outside China had fallen by more 
than 400mn barrels since the Iran war began 
and that the volume of oil in tankers at sea 
was at “multiyear lows”.
European natural gas prices climbed to €80/MWh on Wednesday


[Page 12]
The PunchLine...
12
September 9, 2026
The Rest of the Story…
Choke Points
The US Logistics Managers’ Index fell for a 
second consecutive month to 66.6 in August 
2026, from 68.9 in July, pointing to the slowest 
growth in the logistics sector in six months. The 
decline was driven by a slowdown in inventory 
expansion, while logistics costs continued to rise 
at a high pace. 


[Page 13]
The PunchLine...
13
September 9, 2026
Brace for Glitches, Default Settings
The Likelihood of Unlikely Events
Preparing for surprises…
Predicting inordinate weirdness seems like  a fool’s game, but…   
Stress scenarios are always an exercise in creativity to include 
the previously unexpected. 
Don’t take sides
And try to have 
a  plan for every 
contingency
Mark Twain once said: “It ain’t what you don’t know that gets 
you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so.”
“the 
financial 
system 
remains 
resilient. 
Yet, 
vulnerabilities from elevated asset values, growth and 
complexity in private credit markets, and the potential 
for hedge fund activity to contribute to Treasury 
market dislocation warrant attention. These emerging 
vulnerabilities also occur against a backdrop of very 
significant technological change. These innovations may 
ultimately improve financial stability but also involve 
transitions and potential challenges that may require 
thoughtful and deliberate navigation. “   FEDERAL RESERVE
Overhyped? 
AI's value creation credentials face mounting scrutiny
An A.I. borrowing binge is flooding the bond market
Iran Gambles on Escalation - 
Has Yet to Blink
Tehran isn’t scared of endless US threats, and won’t make 
concessions
Plugging into world criminal network…
Beware an al Qaeda-Houthi Terrorist Alliance… groups that 
threatens another key oil-shipping route in the Middle East
Russia secretly helping Iran develop supersonic cruise missiles.
China’s marriage rate is still declining. 
What does it spell for the economy?
Fewer weddings, rising divorces and plunging 
birth rates risk exacerbating the fallout from a 
rapidly ageing population. 
Over 100 major AI and tech companies have 
issued a public warning about a near-future 
surge in sophisticated, AI-driven cyberattacks. 
The same companies argue that advanced AI is 
also the best defense against these new threats.
First-lien loan recoveries are deteriorating sharply 
as 
liability-management 
maneuvers, 
weaker 
collateral, and thinner junior-debt cushions erode 
seniority, prompting wider distressed-loan risk 
premiums
Asset managers leaving China
Fidelity follows multiple other global asset managers that are backing 
away from China amid domestic competition and geopolitical tensions. 
These include Schroders, Legal & General, and Vanguard. The 
companies that left China were in stiff competition with domestic funds 
and Western China funds that had typically first been established through 
joint ventures (JVs) with Chinese institutions.
Chicago’s finances are slipping—and 
credit agencies are taking notice
Ebola Toll Climbs
..the strongest El Niño since 
records started in 1950
Surging healthcare costs are 
walloping U.S. workers, and they will only 
worsen next year. For 2027, employers may be 
facing the biggest health-insurance increase in 
at least two decades.   Americans with 
workplace coverage are expected to spend an 
average $5,297 this year on healthcare, $388 
more than 2025, according to a new estimate 
from 
benefits-consulting 
firm 
Aon. 
The 
spending represents a combination of payroll 
deductions for premiums and out-of-pocket 
charges like deductibles and copays.   The 
burden is likely to grow significantly next year, 
when U.S. employers expect their healthcare 
costs to go up by 11.1%, according to a new 
survey from WTW, another big benefits 
consultant—the steepest rise in more than 20 
years.   That would represent the fifth year of 
escalating increases, according to WTW. 
China property collapse remains growth drag, 
spur for exports
Property prices must fall 40% more, an 
analyst says
Xi redirects capital to strategic manufacturing 
from property
Here’s How Tehran Is Surviving.
Iran has spent years setting up a complex system of oil 
sales and clandestine shadow banking that it hopes will 
sustain its economy and military.
The Russia-Ukraine Air War Has 
Entered a New, Deadlier Phase
Both countries are inflicting mounting 
destruction with long-range drones 
and missiles, yet neither side appears 
to be close to breaking. 
Stores in Kiev are reporting empty 
shelves for produce, dairy, and staples
European authorities have linked Russia to a spate of drone incursions, acts of sabotage, 
cyberattacks and other hostile actions across the continent over recent months.
Japan Targets Record Defense Spend as China Pressure Grows
In NYC, fare evasion seems to 
have become something people 
take for granted. 
Chinese Warships Are Cruising Too 
Close for Comfort Off Japan’s Shores
Digital scans of more than 
153 million driver's licenses 
leaked to the dark web
Australian property developer collapse 
ripples into private credit markets
US Sanctions Turkish Bank Over Alleged 
IRGC Transfers In Latest Action
OFAC alleges bank was created to help Iranian 
oil revenues reach Turkey from China...
Stupid politics can sink 
the economy and more…


[Page 14]
The PunchLine...
14
September 9, 2026
The DNA of Business
Reconfiguring and Redirecting Business 
Meta Reaches  Huge Settlement With 
48 States Over Child-Safety Claims
The settlement, which halts an ongoing trial 
of claims that social media apps addict 
teenagers, contains broad new safeguards for 
underage users
Football teams are already playing more 
games abroad than ever before:
A record nine international NFL games are 
scheduled for the upcoming season, up from just 
two in 2021.
The games will take place across four 
continents, with Paris and Rio De Janeiro 
debuting as host cities.
The league hopes that filling stadiums that 
typically host the other type of football will 
convert more foreigners into regular NFL 
watchers, leading to lucrative media rights deals.
Germany is set to implement a significant pension 
reform, replacing the existing Riester pension model with 
a new capital accumulation-based pension account. This 
reform marks the most profound adjustment to 
Germany's pension system in over two decades and is 
expected to channel hundreds of billions of euros into 
capital markets, reshaping the competitive landscape of 
the banking, insurance, and asset management sectors.   
The core of the reform is the establishment of a state-
subsidized personal pension account, modeled after the 
U.S. 401(k) plan, but with significantly lower fees—capped 
at 1% annually compared to the current 4% for Riester 
accounts. This fee reduction is anticipated to attract 
substantial savings into low-cost products like passive 
index tracking funds. Major ETF providers such as 
BlackRock, Vanguard, DWS, and Amundi are expected 
to benefit from this influx.
Aon is nearing a deal to buy 
the insurance brokerage USI 
for $17 billion
US colleges are facing an enrollment cliff 
after the population of Americans aged 18 
peaked last year.
Undergraduate enrollment is projected to decline by 
13% in the next 15 years, according to the Western 
Interstate 
Commission 
for 
Higher 
Education. 
Meanwhile, many schools are already in a pickle: 
Families are increasingly bargain hunting for the most 
generous financial aid as they doubt the value of a 
higher 
education. 
Meanwhile, 
the 
Trump 
administration has restricted international student 
visas, denting enrollment in the process.
Syracuse University has an enrollment shortfall for this 
fall and a 1.5% budget deficit as international student 
enrollment fell by 50% last yearAt least 10 small 
schools, including Hampshire College and the 
California College of Arts, have closed this year or plan 
to shutter in 2027
Eli Lilly has agreed to acquire Merida 
Biosciences for up to $2.875 billion. The 
company has been on an acquisition 
spree with its GLP-1 riches.
SLB to Buy Data Center Cooling 
Firm Kelvion for $4.1 Billion
The oil drilling and production company 
seeks to strengthen its growing data center 
business
Google dodges breakup of digital ad 
monopoly as judge’s ruling sparks outrage
A federal judge is coming under harsh criticism for 
sparing Google from a forced breakup of its digital 
advertising empire – despite earlier ruling that the Big 
Tech giant was operating two separate illegal 
monopolies in the online ad sector.
Nvidia Extends A.I. Spending Spree With 
$12.9 Billion Deal for Hugging Face
The acquisition of the start-up is an indication of Nvidia’s 
growing role as Silicon Valley’s central banker and its 
emphasis on open-source technology. More than 18 
million developers, researchers and creators use Hugging 
Face to share more than 3 million models, 500,000 data 
sets and 1 million applications. There’s also more than 
200,000 companies that use the platform, he said.
Volkswagen to slash up to 50,000 
jobs in historic restructuring
German carmaker’s overhaul could also lead to 
plant closures as it contends with lacklustre 
sales and growing Chinese competition    The 
50,000 job cuts envisaged under Thursday’s 
plan would be in addition to 50,000 reductions 
since 2024, according to the company.  
VW, which employs 652,000 people and is a 
titan of German industry, has been hit hard by 
the rising competition from Chinese carmakers, 
US tariffs and lackluster sales in its European 
home market since the pandemic. 
Diamond Mines Are Closing and South 
Africans Have Few Alternatives
Weak sales and lab-grown stones are 
threatening the livelihoods of thousands of the 
country’s workers in De Beers’ mines.
Streaming now accounts for 47.5% of all 
TV viewership in the US, according to 
Nielsen, officially overtaking broadcast 
and cable combined. So if you’re not 
advertising on streaming, you’re missing 
out.
Jaguar Land Rover said it’s planning to cut 
4,000 jobs, or about 10% of its workforce, 
as it deals with competition from China and 
the effects of US tariffs.


[Page 15]
The PunchLine...
15
September 9, 2026
Real Estate and Construction Outlook
Multifamily stays the weakest sector for both bidding and 
credit availability, per JLL. The sector is still absorbing a 
historic supply of new construction. National vacancies 
are finally easing, but new properties drive most of that 
move. Stabilized vacancies, which strip out units still in 
lease-up, rose 34 basis points in the second quarter, per 
CoStar. The split matters for anyone underwriting 
apartments today. 
New York City’s one-year rent freeze may be manageable for 
lenders, but a longer freeze could turn mounting pressure on 
multifamily owners into a banking credit concern.  The freeze has 
a wide reach: The NYC Rent Guidelines Board approved 0% rent 
increases for one- and two-year leases at buildings with at least 
six units, affecting renewals from Oct. 1, 2026, through Sept. 30, 
2027. The policy covers roughly 1M rent-stabilized apartments 
housing about 2.4M residents, while operating costs at these 
properties rose 5.3% over the past year. 
 Pre-1974 properties with high concentrations of rent-stabilized 
units are particularly vulnerable because owners have fewer ways 
to offset rising expenses. Operating costs at these properties have 
increased an average of 5.1% annually over the past decade, 
according to Fitch. A one-year rent freeze looks manageable, but 
an extension could turn property-level pressure into a broader 
credit issue. Lenders financing older, heavily rent-stabilized 
buildings face the greatest risk. 
Building material costs increased by 6.7% over 
the past 12 months, according to results from 
the survey for the July 2026 NAHB/Wells Fargo 
Housing Market Index (HMI).   A large majority 
(72.9%) of the home builders responding to the 
survey reported that their cost of materials for 
the same house increased by up to 15% over the 
past year. The most common response (28.4%) was 
that material prices increased by 5% to 9.99%, 
followed by 22.4% who indicated a less than 5% 
change, and 22.1% who indicated increases from 
10% to 14.99%.
Data center construction spending continues to surge and 
in dollar expenditures has now surpassed  general office 
construction.


[Page 16]
The PunchLine...
16
September 9, 2026
More Real Estate Related…


[Page 17]
The PunchLine...
17
September 9, 2026
Will Life Ever Be the Same?
This publication is provided to you for information purposes and is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial 
instrument. The information contained herein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but is not necessarily complete and its 
accuracy cannot by guaranteed. The views reflected herein are subject to change without notice. No one connected to this publication accepts any 
liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication or its contents. This publication may not be 
reproduced, distributed to any person for any purpose without express permission from TPL Advisory, LLC. Please cite source when quoting. All 
rights are reserved.
