[Page 1]
10 September 2026, 04:30 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Brent crude oil tops 100: A milestone, not a 
turning point
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Giovanni Staunovo, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Jon Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
David Lefkowitz, CFA, CIO Head of US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Matthew Gilman, Head, CIO Europe Equity Strategy, UBS Switzerland AG
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
Christopher Swann, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
From the studio
Video: UBS Explains | What is happening in the US bond market? (5 
mins)
Video: Market Playbook | What do rate hikes mean for portfolios? (5 
mins)
Video: Four reasons to take a closer look at Taiwanese equities (5 mins)
Thought of the day
Brent crude oil has climbed back above USD 100 a barrel, its highest level 
since late July, as US-Iran military exchanges continue to threaten energy 
supplies. US forces said they destroyed five Iranian oil tankers following 
attempted attacks on a US navy ship, while Iran reported retaliatory strikes 
on a US base in Jordan. Houthi missile and drone strikes caused fires at 
Saudi Arabian energy facilities this week, with officials reporting temporary 
operational halts. Washington also announced further economic sanctions 
targeting Iran’s aviation sector, while an Iranian official reportedly said his 
country is ready for a more intense war and will escalate counterstrikes if US 
attacks continue.
The surge in crude oil prices is consistent with tightening physical supply. Oil 
inventories stored at sea have fallen by 150 million barrels over two months, 
while Gulf exports remain below pre-conflict levels. Chinese crude oil imports 
recovered to nearly 9 million barrels per day in August, from 7.15 million 
in June, suggesting demand is firming despite higher prices. Against this 
backdrop, we have raised our Brent crude oil forecasts to USD 95/bbl for 
year-end and USD 90/bbl for March 2027, from USD 85/bbl and USD 80/bbl, 
respectively. Although below the current spot price, both forecasts remain 
above corresponding futures prices.
The rise above USD 100/bbl could prove psychologically important for 
markets. But we believe earnings growth and structural investment remain 
the more important drivers for the investment outlook:
Earnings, AI investment can withstand a higher energy price. We 
expect US corporate earnings growth of 25% in 2026 and 14% in 2027, 
  
What to watch: 10 September
• ECB interest rate decision
• US August PPI
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS),
UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of 
the document.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
Daily EMEA
providing a strong foundation despite higher energy costs. Recent results 
from NVIDIA and Broadcom—which had their managements guiding for 
strong revenue growth into 2027—offer further evidence of sustained 
AI infrastructure demand. The earnings recovery also extends beyond 
technology and the US: We recently raised our European earnings growth 
forecast to 15% for 2026 and continue to expect 15% growth in 2027.
Higher crude oil prices unlikely to prompt aggressive tightening. The 
oil price rise comes ahead of US CPI data and the European Central Bank (ECB) 
decision today, keeping inflationary pressure in focus. We now expect two 
Federal Reserve hikes this year—one in September and another in December
—with resilient employment and income supporting growth. Europe’s energy 
sensitivity warrants attention, but August’s rise in headline inflation to 3.3% 
coincided with easing core and services inflation, and we expect an ECB hike 
followed by an extended pause. It would likely take a sustained broadening 
of inflation, and not just oil crossing USD 100 alone, to raise the risk of more 
aggressive tightening from both central banks.
Broader portfolio exposure can strengthen resilience to energy costs.
If rising energy costs were to lift inflation and pressure equity and bond 
returns, broad commodity exposure would likely help diversify that risk. 
Higher oil also highlights the importance of investment in energy security, 
complementing the demand for power infrastructure, industrial equipment, 
copper, and aluminum driven by AI and electrification. Investors should 
consider broadening their AI and tech exposure into adjacent areas like 
power and resources, which can still capture structural growth while reducing 
reliance on a single market driver.
So we think global equity markets can continue to rise despite higher energy 
costs. We continue to favor our Transformational Innovation Opportunities 
of AI, Power and resources, and Longevity, all of which should benefit 
from stronger investment, productivity gains, and structural growth. If the 
impact of higher energy worsens, we would like both US and European 
health care sectors for their defensive characteristics alongside structural 
growth opportunities. In Europe, we also favor industrials, banks, and IT. We 
retain our Neutral views on US and European energy, given already strong 
performance in line with the rise in oil prices, favoring select oilfield services 
exposure within the sector. In Asia, Taiwan could face a drag from higher 
energy prices, but we think its outsized exposure to the structural AI theme 
should cushion the impact.
We recommend exposure to broad commodities, as we believe they can 
provide both a structural source of return and diversification in scenarios 
where energy disruption or renewed inflation challenges equities and bonds. 
Electrification, rising power demand, AI infrastructure investment, and 
constrained supply support the longer-term outlook for the asset class.
Caught our attention
Treasury yields climb. US Treasury yields rose across the curve on 
Wednesday after the Department of the Treasury announced plans to buy 
back up to USD 6bn of longer-dated debt. Although this is three times the 
originally scheduled amount of USD 2bn, it fell short of market expectations 
for an USD 7-8bn operation. The 10-year yield subsequently climbed to as 
high as 4.85%, its highest level in nearly three years.
Our view: Yield volatility is likely to remain elevated in the coming days as 
markets await the release of the August producer price index today and the 
consumer price index on Friday for clues about the Federal Reserve’s next 
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
Daily EMEA
move. We now expect the US central bank to raise interest rates by 25 basis 
points at next week’s policy meeting, followed by another 25bps increase in 
December. This means the relative advantage of short-duration bonds over 
cash would likely narrow. But while the potential for capital gains would be 
more limited, short duration bonds continue to offer healthy income with 
lower rate sensitivity.
Germany faces winter gas risk. German gas storage facilities were 53% 
full at the start of this month, their lowest seasonal level in 15 years of records. 
The country’s gas-storage industry association estimates that inventories can 
reach only around 77% by the 1 November target date. That should be 
sufficient under normal temperatures, but an exceptionally cold winter could 
result in supply shortages, including a shortfall of as much as 25% on 
individual days in January under a severe winter scenario. The warning comes 
as disruption linked to the continuing US-Iran conflict has pushed European 
gas prices to their highest level since January 2023 and more than double 
their level a year ago. Higher energy costs could weigh on industrial activity 
and add to regional inflation pressures.
Our view: Europe’s exposure to energy disruption remains a meaningful 
economic risk, but we do not think it overturns the improving investment 
case. Eurozone manufacturing activity reached its highest level since May 
2022 in August, while profit growth excluding energy accelerated to 11% 
year over year in the second quarter. Stronger revenues indicate that 
improving demand is contributing more meaningfully to earnings, alongside 
investment in AI infrastructure, electrification, defense, automation, and 
supply-chain resilience. We expect European corporate earnings growth of 
15% in both 2026 and 2027. We retain our Attractive view on Eurozone 
equities and favor businesses that enable capital spending, including 
European industrial and information technology companies, alongside 
European banks and global market leaders.
US midterms carry European implications. The 3 November US midterm 
elections will shape US public policy, with implications for European markets 
through trade, defense spending, and global bond yields. Our base case is 
that Republicans would lose the House while narrowly retaining the Senate, 
leaving President Donald Trump with a divided Congress. In our view, a 
Democratic majority in both chambers is the next most likely outcome, 
while Republicans have a 10% probability of retaining unified control. A 
renewed EU-US tariff confrontation appears unlikely following the July 2026 
agreement capping US tariffs on EU imports at 15%. Attention is likely to 
shift toward China. Meanwhile, the election result should not materially alter 
Europe’s defense commitments, while large US deficits could place upward 
pressure on European yields.
Our view: Europe’s structural investment cycle should remain supported by 
efforts to strengthen domestic production, modernize industrial capacity, 
and expand security capabilities. A divided US Congress would restrict 
major legislation but would not necessarily deliver greater fiscal discipline. 
Persistently large US deficits could keep global borrowing costs elevated as 
Europe’s defense and infrastructure financing needs increase. We therefore 
expect financial quality to become more important. We favor companies with 
strong balance sheets, reliable cash generation, and exposure to reshoring, 
industrial modernization, or defense-related capacity. We remain positive 
on Eurozone equities and favor diversification through select European 
investment grade and BB rated corporate bonds, which can add portfolio 
resilience while retaining exposure to the region’s structural investment cycle.
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
Daily EMEA
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
Daily EMEA
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
