[Page 1]
 
Morgan Stanley Lays Out The Value Of Fed 
Ambiguity: The Four Uncertainties Facing Markets 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 07, 2026 - 02:10 AM 
By Andrew Sheets, Global Head of Fixed Income Research at Morgan Stanley 
I like this time of year. The air is a little cooler. There’s the excitement of new clothes and new 
friends from the start of a million new school years. And, of course, it’s finally (American) football 
season. 
Of the top 100 US television telecasts in 2025, 90 were football games. In an increasingly 
divided world and fragmented ecosystem for content, this unanimity is stunning. And while many 
factors explain football’s popularity, one that I’ve come to appreciate with time is the sport’s 
strategic complexity. 
Among the most important of these is the value of ambiguity. Not tipping whether it’s a run or 
pass based on the players on the field. Disguising who, if anyone, is going to blitz. Coaches and 
players work hard to keep their options open until the last possible moment. As we enter 
September, this strategy isn’t confined to football. 
 


[Page 2]
 
Take the Fed.Markets are pricing in 60% odds of a September rate hike, roughly the same 
chance that an NFL team passes on 2nd-and-7. A driver of this uncertainty is the different ways 
to read the statements of Fed Chair Warsh at Jackson Hole. One of his key lines: 
“We must be confident that underlying inflation is moving to our objective, clearly and at 
sufficient speed. Otherwise, we have work to do.” 
This was generally read as “hawkish”. Was it? What is “clearly and at sufficient speed”? What 
exactly counts as “underlying inflation”? Is “work to do” a gradual or rapid resumption of rate 
hikes? There is plenty of room for interpretation. 
Indeed, if one thinks core inflation decelerates in 2H 2026, as we do, wouldn’t this framing 
suggest there isn’t action to be taken? That remains our read, and Morgan Stanley Economists 
forecast the Fed stays on hold. It is admittedly a close call. 
Then there’s the US Treasury. Over the last few weeks, discussion has swirled around how to 
interpret August 19th headlines that the Treasury would double the pace of its buybacks 
beginning this month. 
Was this the start of much more forceful market intervention designed to flatten the curve, 
perhaps via much larger amounts from the Treasury General Account? Or was this just a minor 
adjustment, the “doubling of the buyback” representing $4bn of purchases out of $40,000bn of 
US government debt? The Treasury hasn’t said. The ambiguity may be intentional, an attempt 
to gain maximum flexibility and impact relative to the outlay. 
A third uncertainty is AI financing, both in volumes and method. Outlays here remain staggering, 
with Morgan Stanley analysts forecasting over $1.3 trillion of spending among the six largest 
hyperscalers in 2027. That is a 60% increase from our latest estimate of 2026 spending, and 
double what we had originally pencilled in for these names just 10 months ago. 
Yet there is an increasingly rich menu of financing options across public and private markets, 
from vanilla IG bonds to Asset Backed Securitizations, from direct financing to backstops and 
guarantees. And so while significant growth in AI spending remains likely, who funds it, and 
where that financing arrives in markets, is less clear. 
Fourth and finally, ambiguity clouds global energy markets, and exactly how much they are 
being impacted by the conflicts in Iran and Ukraine. Some analysts are optimistic around a 
significant normalization of oil flows through the Strait of Hormuz. We are not. Coupled with 
major disruptions of Russian capacity, we have raised our 4Q26 forecasts to $100/bbl for Brent 
oil, and €88/MWh for Natural Gas (TTF). 


[Page 3]
 
Some of this ambiguity is intentional. Some simply reflects an unusually wide range of possible 
outcomes. In football and markets, keeping your options open can be valuable when you’re 
calling the plays. It is less attractive when you’re being asked to price them. 
And that, for us, is the issue. A close-call September FOMC, uncertainty around Treasury 
intervention, adverse seasonality and very low levels of expected volatility leave us positioned 
for higher volatility across macro markets, and underweight MBS. 
In credit, we see this as a question of price, not capacity. We stick to our view of record 2026 IG 
supply and see wider IG spreads as the release valve. We prefer collateral-backed and 
stabilized assets over unsecured corporates. 
And then there is the energy tail. A spike in oil prices remains a risk for both stocks and bonds 
based on recent correlations, making it especially painful. With our updated oil forecasts, our US 
Equity Strategists think Energy Equities offer an attractive hedge. 
Ambiguity has value. But when the range of outcomes is wide and the price of uncertainty is 
low, we think investors should demand more compensation for it. 
More in the full Morgan Stanley Sunday Start note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
