[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 8 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, FICC & Equities
Tue 8 Sep 2026, 2:08am ET
Stat of the Day
Systematic long/short funds are up 17% YTD, and just recorded their best month of the year
Chart of the day
Macro & Industry Highlights
Oil Price Forecast — We raise our Brent/WTI price forecasts by $5 to $85/80 for Dec2026 and to $80/75
for 2027, reflecting our new assumption that Mideast shipping disruptions continue into 2027. The price
upgrade is modest despite the assumption that shipping disruptions continue for two reasons: OECD


[Page 2]
commercial land inventories—a key price driver—have so far barely drawn since the war began, reflecting
a smaller-than-expected deficit amid market adaptation, and the concentration of stocks draws in OECD
SPR, on water, and in China. We assume Mideast supply adaptation continues, with production gradually
recovering by 2027H2 as (dark) flows edge up further and pipelines come online in late 2027.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
Robinhood — Since shortly after its May launch, Rothera, Buy-rated HOOD's predictions market JV, has
been the 3rd-5th largest global prediction markets exchange by trading volume. After ~$150mn of
annualized top-line in its first quarter of operation, we believe that Rothera's growth could continue,
driven by 1) potential depth of liquidity across the exchange, enabled by HOOD's large installed base of
retail customers combined with market maker engagement on the platform; 2) low fee rates relative to
other prediction markets exchanges, which could entice other brokers to Rothera over time; and 3)
expansion opportunities by adding other brokers and products to the exchange. We believe Rothera has
meaningful equity value, and we conduct a 2027E base/bull/bear case scenario analysis to assess revenue,
profitability and potential value. Rothera could account for a meaningful portion of HOOD's total
prediction markets revenue, and we see it is a key driver of our above-consensus predictions markets
revenue forecasts and a contributor to our above-Street total revenue estimates. Our 2027E/28 forecasts for
$307mn/444mn of Rothera revenue (2027E based on the implied midpoint of our base case) and
$943mn/1,150mn of total prediction markets net revenue reflect 10%/14% upside to consensus.
Planet Labs — Planet Labs reported F2Q27 ahead of consensus across key financial metrics. The
company raised the low end of its FY27 revenue and EBITDA guidance, while also increasing the CapEx
plan. We see substantial long-term demand potential in satellite imaging and see Planet as well positioned
competitively; but also believe current valuation reflects the risk/reward of future growth versus the pace
of margin expansion and capital needs. We are Neutral rated on the stock.
Market Update
US Labor Day holiday observed.
Calendar
There are no major economic data releases scheduled.
Earnings: Pre / Post /
US Conferences — Communacopia and Technology Conference, San Francisco, 8-11 Sep (TMT); GS
Global Retailing Conference, New York, 14-15 Sep (Consumer); GS Industrials and Materials Conference,
New York, 2-3 Dec (Industrials); GS Financial Services Conference, New York, 8-9 Dec (Financials).
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, published 8 Sep 2026, 2:07 AM EDT.
