[Page 1]
Logitech
Recommendation
Outperform
(Previously: Market perform until 01.03.2026)
Share Price (23.09.2026)
CHF 88.00
Exp. Rel. Perf
4.0%
ESG rating
★★★★☆
Valuation
Fair Value
CHF 101.62
WACC incl. ESG rating impact
8.9%
ESG rating impact
-0.25%
Ratios (in CHF)
03 '26 03 '27E 03 '28E 03 '29E
EPS (in USD)
4.8
5.0
5.4
6.0
P/E (x)
22.0
21.4
19.7
17.7
EV/sales (x)
3.2
2.7
2.5
2.2
EV/EBITDA (x)
18.2
16.1
14.5
12.8
EV/EBIT (x)
20.1
17.8
15.9
14.0
Dividend yield (%)
1.5
1.7
1.8
1.9
FCF Yield (%)
6.5
6.3
6.9
7.8
Stock data
Bloomberg-Ticker
LOGN SW
Free Float
94%
Trading Volume
CHF 59 mn
Market Cap
USD 17 bn
Source: ZKB, BB, LSEG
Executive Summary
TD Synnex has just reported very strong figures for the Q3 (as of the end of August): 
growth stood at +23% in the Software segment and +21% in the Peripherals seg-
ment. The outlook for 4Q26 indicates growth of +31% in gross revenue and +28% in 
turnover. We conclude from this that demand for IT hardware and software was 
strong in July and August and, according to TD Synnex’s outlook, will remain robust in 
the future.
We therefore believe that today’s fall in the share price (current price: CHF 83.68) 
presents an opportunity to buy.
Facts / Assessment
TD Synnex has just published very strong figures for Q3 (as at the end of August), with 
gross revenue in the Distribution segment growing by 27%. Within the Distribution 
segment’s gross revenue, the Software division (+23%) and the PC peripherals divi-
sion (+21%) showed particularly strong year-on-year growth. Only the Servers and 
Storage category recorded even higher growth, at +67%.
The revenue breakdown across the Americas, Europe and APJ regions is approximately 
60%, 35% and 5% respectively within TD-Synnex’s Distribution segment. 
Conclusion
TD Synnex has reported very strong revenue figures. We regard this as an initial posi-
tive indication for the PC peripherals business and software sales in the months of Ju-
ly–August 2026. Against this backdrop, we expect Logitech’s results in the coming 
quarters to benefit from the tailwind provided by the market environment and to be 
strong.
TD Synnex: Positive cross-read for the distri-
bution of peripherals and IT software
Analyst team
Christian Bader
+41442923729
christian.bader@zkb.ch
Florian Sager
+41442923530
florian.sager@zkb.ch
Michael Inauen
+41442923768
michael.inauen@zkb.ch
ZKB Intraday   |   24 September 2026
Equity Research
 
1
Zürcher Kantonalbank   |   Logitech   |   24 September 2026


[Page 2]
Disclosures and disclaimer
The prices stated in this report correspond to the closing prices of the previous day, unless otherwise stated. Prices and availability of financial instruments are indicative only and subject to 
change without notice. For the complete legal information on issuers outside Switzerland (no listing in Switzerland), please refer to the last published study on the respective issuer.
The job title of the responsible financial analysts is "Equity Research Analyst" (equities) or "Credit Research Analyst" (bonds), unless otherwise stated in this report.
There is no direct link between the remuneration of the financial analysts listed and responsible for the content of this report, on the one hand, and investment services, other transactions 
or trading fees of Zürcher Kantonalbank and its group companies, on the other hand. The variable remuneration of the financial analysts is dependent on the total revenues of Zürcher Kantonal-
bank and impacted by its overall profitability. A portion of these revenues is generated through investment banking activities. For this reason, the financial analysts' compensation can be considered 
to be indirectly related to this report.
Recording of remote business communications
Zürcher Kantonalbank may record the remote business communications of financial analysts to comply with or to verify compliance with applicable laws. The use of remote communication 
with financial analysts constitutes consent to such recording.
Financial analysts' statement
The financial analysts listed and responsible for the content of this report confirm that the views expressed in this report accurately and exclusively reflect their respective personal views and 
opinions about the companies and that this report has been prepared autonomously and independently, including from Zürcher Kantonalbank. Because the personal views of financial analysts 
may differ, Zürcher Kantonalbank may have issued or may issue reports that are inconsistent with, and/or reach different conclusions from, the information presented herein.
The financial analysts declare that they do not maintain any relationship with any individual affiliated with the issuer and do not have any commercial relationship with or receive any compensation 
for services rendered to the issuer or any individual or entity representing the interests of the issuer. The financial analysts and any members of their households do not hold, directly or indirectly, 
more than 5% of their personal net worth in any securities issued by the issuer(s) analysed in this report in their personal investment portfolios, nor are they personally involved in the acquisition, 
sale or trading of such securities in the market. Neither the financial analysts nor any member of the financial analysts' households serve as an officer, director or advisory board member of 
the companies analysed in this report.
The financial analysts responsible for the content of this report hereby represent that no part of their compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to any specific recommendation 
or views contained herein or linked to the pricing of any of the securities discussed herein.
Personal account trading by financial analysts
If the primary financial analyst directly or indirectly holds securities of an issuer, the date and price of the most recent purchase are shown below.
–­ Equity research analysts: Roche (10.12.2025, CHF 320.10)
–­ Credit research analysts: Bell Food Group (18.08.2015, CHF 250.5); Emmi (01.11.2007, CHF 169); Lindt & Sprüngli (22.08.2024, CHF 109600); Nestlé (22.08.2024, CHF 89.44)
Participation in capital market transactions
Zürcher Kantonalbank has participated in the following capital market transactions in the last 12 months
AKEB, ALSO Holding AG, AST Pensimo Casareal, AST Turidomus Casareal, Aargauische KB, Accelleron Industries, Allreal, Amag Leasing AG, Ascom, BC Neuchâteloise, BC du Jura, BKW AG, Baloise, 
BancaStato, Bank Vontobel AG, Bobst, Burkhalter, Cembra Money Bank, Cham Swiss Properties AG, Comet, Compagnie de Financement Foncier, DocMorris AG, Dormakaba Finance AG, EFG 
Bank, ENAG, EPIC Suisse AG, Emissionszentrale EGW, Emmi, Energie 360°, Eurofima, Flughafen Zürich, Galenica, Geberit, Gemeinde Köniz, Givaudan, Glarner KB, Grande Dixence, HIAG, Helvetia 
Baloise, Helvetia Swiss Property Fund, Hilti, Immo Helvetic, Implenia, Infracore, Insel Gruppe, Intershop, Investis, Julius Bär , Kanton Basel-Stadt, Kanton Bern, Kanton Genf, Kanton Tessin, Kanton 
Thurgau, Kanton Zürich, Kantonsspital Winterthur, Kraftwerke Oberhasli, LLB, Limeco, Luzerner KB, Luzerner Kantonsspital, Meier Tobler, Mobimo, Nant de Drance SA, Nidwaldner KB, OC 
Oerlikon, PSP, Pfandbriefzentrale, Plazza, SF Retail Properties Fund, SFS, SGS, SMG Swiss Marketplace Group AG, SPA Immobilien Schweiz, SRG SSR, Schaffhauser KB, Schweizerische Südostbahn 
(SOB), Siegfried, Sika, Sonova, Spital Männedorf AG, St. Galler KB, Stadler Rail, Stadt Bern, Stadt Dietikon, Stadt Genf, Stadt Lausanne, Stadt Lugano, Stadt St. Gallen, Stadt Zürich, Stiftung 
Kantonsspital Graubünden, Stiftung PWG, Straumann, Swiss Life, Swiss Prime Site Finance AG, Swiss Re, Swisscom, TX Group, Tecan, Temenos, UBS AG (London Branch), UBS Group, UniversitätsSpital 
Zürich (USZ), Universitätsspital Basel, Valiant, Valiant Holding, Vaudoise Assurances, Walliser KB, Zug Estates, Zurich Insurance Group
Shareholdings of Zürcher Kantonalbank
–­ According to the latest notification, Zürcher Kantonalbank holds over 10% in Viseca Payment Services SA and over 5% in BC du Jura.
–­ According to the latest notification, Zürcher Kantonalbank holds over 10% in Pfandbriefzentrale der schweizerischen Kantonalbanken (Pfandbriefzentrale) and refinances part of its mortgage 
business through Pfandbriefzentrale. This may result in conflicts of interest affecting the Pfandbriefzentrale rating assessment.
Relationship with the Canton of Zurich
Zürcher Kantonalbank is an independent public-law institution of the Canton of Zurich. The general framework for its organization and business activities is governed by the Law on Zürcher 
Kantonalbank and the resulting regulations. The Cantonal Parliament is the ultimate supervisory body of Zürcher Kantonalbank and is responsible, among other things, for electing the members 
of the Board of Directors and the Committee of the Board, as well as for approving the annual financial statements and the annual report of Zürcher Kantonalbank. The Canton of Zurich is 
liable for all liabilities of Zürcher Kantonalbank should the latter's own resources be insufficient. This may result in conflicts of interest that may affect the rating assessment concerning the 
Canton of Zurich or the financial instruments issued by it.
Net purchase and net sales positions of Zürcher Kantonalbank
In the case of net long positions, Zürcher Kantonalbank benefits from rising prices. In the case of net short positions, Zürcher Kantonalbank benefits from falling prices. Zürcher Kantonalbank 
holds the following net long and net short positions of at least 0.5% of the share capital of the following companies:
–­ Net long positions: BC du Jura
–­ Net short positions: None
Disclosure of large loans
Disclosures are made for large loans for which there is a bilateral disclosure agreement between the borrower, on the one hand, and Zürcher Kantonalbank as the lender, on the other hand, 
and where the financial analysts may therefore become aware of the business relationship. Other loan relationships are subject to bank client confidentiality, and Chinese walls within Zürcher 
Kantonalbank prevent the financial analysts from being aware of such business relationships.
Zürcher Kantonalbank currently has loans outstanding to the following issuers: Bossard, Comet, Feintool, Infracore, Kantonsspital Aarau, Klöckner & Co., Komax, Metall Zug, Nant de Drance 
SA, PSP, SGS, Swiss Prime Site, Swiss Reinsurance Co., Swisscom, Titlis Bergbahnen, dormakaba
Paid equity research
Zürcher Kantonalbank produces research as part of the "Stage Program" of SIX Swiss Exchange (https://www.six-group.com/dam/download/the-swiss-stock-exchange/listing/equity/services-for-equi-
ty-issuers/stage-program-en.pdf). Zürcher Kantonalbank is financially remunerated by SIX Swiss Exchange for this. The issuer covered by Zürcher Kantonalbank with research reports pays a 
fee to SIX Swiss Exchange.
Zürcher Kantonalbank currently covers the following companies with "Paid Equity Research" within the framework of the "Stage Program": Basilea, CPH Group, Cicor, Compagnie Financière 
Tradition (CFT), Crealogix, HIAG, Novavest Real Estate AG, Orascom Development, Orell Füssli, Romande Energie, SF Urban Properties AG, StarragTornos Group, Titlis Bergbahnen, Warteck 
Invest, Zug Estates, lastminute.com
Additional information for clients in the EEA: ZKB's paid equity research is not prepared in accordance with the EU Code of Conduct for issuer-sponsored research. Accordingly, for the purposes 
of Article 3e of Directive 2014/65/EU ('MiFID II'), ZKB's paid equity research must be regarded as marketing material.
Disclosure of further conflicts of interest
In general, conflicts of interest may arise from the fact that Zürcher Kantonalbank, within the scope of its normal business activities, has an interest in expanding existing business relations 
with the issuer (if any) and in entering into new business relations.
A description of the rules and information barriers for dealing with conflicts of interest can be found at https://www.zkb.ch/en/legal/trading-and-investment-business/trading-capital-market.html. 
If contributions to this report were produced by organizational units that are not subject to the "Directives on the Independence of Financial Research" (issued by the Swiss Bankers Association, 
the "Directives"), this is noted in the footer. The present legal information applies only to those contributions that qualify as financial research within the meaning of the Directives.
Zürcher Kantonalbank has taken precautionary measures to ensure that:
–­ its financial analysts and other relevant persons do not undertake personal transactions or trade (other than as market makers acting in good faith and in the ordinary course of market making 
or in the execution of an unsolicited client order, on behalf of any other person, including Zürcher Kantonalbank) in financial instruments to which its investment research relates, or in any 
related financial instruments, with knowledge of the likely timing or content of that investment research which is not publicly available or available to clients and cannot readily be inferred 
from information that is so available, until the recipients of the investment research have had a reasonable opportunity to act on it;
–­ its financial analysts and any other relevant persons involved in producing investment research do not undertake personal transactions in financial instruments to which the investment research 
relates, or in any related financial instruments, contrary to current recommendations, except in exceptional circumstances and with the prior approval of a member of the Zürcher Kantonalbank's 
legal or compliance function;
–­ a physical separation exists between the financial analysts involved in producing investment research and other relevant persons whose responsibilities or business interests may conflict with 
2
Zürcher Kantonalbank   |   Logitech   |   24. September 2026


[Page 3]
the interests of the persons to whom the investment research is disseminated;
–­ Zürcher Kantonalbank, its financial analysts and other relevant persons involved in producing investment research do not accept inducements from anyone with a material interest in the 
subject-matter of the investment research;
–­ Zürcher Kantonalbank, its financial analysts and other relevant persons involved in producing investment research do not promise issuers favourable research coverage;
–­ before the dissemination of investment research, issuers, relevant persons other than financial analysts and any other persons are not permitted to review a draft of the investment research 
for the purpose of verifying the accuracy of factual statements made in that research, or for verifying compliance with Zürcher Kantonalbank's legal obligations, where the draft includes a 
recommendation or a target price.
List of all ratings of the last 12 months
A list of all reports and the ratings contained therein, disseminated on any issuer or financial instrument in the past 12 months, can be found at https://research.zkb.ch. If you do not have access 
to the ZKB Research Portal, please contact your relationship manager.
Rating distribution of companies in the Swiss Research Universe
–­ Distribution of ratings in absolute terms (Outperform 67; Market Perform 99; Underperform 17)
–­ Percentagewise distribution of ratings (Outperform 36.61%; Market Perform 54.10%; Underperform 9.29%)
–­ Clients with IB services by category (Outperform 65.67%; Market Perform 68.69%; Underperform 47.06%)
The overview is updated at the beginning of each quarter and currently reflects the status at 30.06.2026
Relevant equity and real estate fund recommendation changes in the last 12 months
LOGITECH 'R'
2026-03-02 from Market Perform to Outperform 
Relevant credit rating changes / outlook changes in the last 12 months
None.
Fact check
For the purpose of reviewing the factual aspects, Zürcher Kantonalbank may send this report to the issuer and other third parties prior to publication in an edited version limited to the facts. 
Neither ratings nor price targets or other key assessments will be communicated or discussed.
Explanation of the rating system
The Research team of Zürcher Kantonalbank does not publish absolute recommendations such as "Buy", "Hold" or "Sell". Its ratings are relative to a benchmark ("Outperform", "Market Perform", 
"Underperform"). For Swiss equities, the Swiss Performance Index (SPI) serves as a benchmark. The expected relative performance is defined as the anticipated total return over the coming 
12 months, which consists of the share price performance (price gain or loss) plus distributions (e.g. dividends). Compared to the expected total return of the benchmark, the "Outperform" 
rating implies a considerable outperformance. "Market Perform" refers to a comparable performance (+/–5%), whereas "Underperform" predicts an overall performance which is markedly 
lower than that of the benchmark. "Restricted" indicates, that for legal reasons, research coverage of the corresponding security has been temporarily suspended. It cannot be ruled out that 
a temporary suspension may extend over a longer period or even lead to the definitive discontinuation of coverage.
Methodology
The basic methodological analysis and valuation approaches taken into account or used by Zürcher Kantonalbank's Research team in preparing its reports can be found at https://research.mai-
ling.zkb.ch/SingletrackCMS__DownloadDocument?docRef=71a8c569-7f4d-469e-9b8e-eadccdf22b38. This financial analysis on Swiss public limited companies, Swiss real estate funds and Swiss 
issuers is primary research (i.e. the underlying information may come directly from the issuer).
Unless otherwise stated, recommendations and ratings are based on fundamental analysis. The financial analysts generate forecasts on the basis of the published and, if necessary, adjusted 
figures (balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement, etc.) and the industry and market environment. Valuation methods such as discounted cash flow, valuation comparisons in a 
historical context, in comparison to competitors or companies in comparable sectors/markets, or sum-of-the-parts valuations are applied.
A variety of factors can influence the course of business and cause the actual development to deviate from the original forecast. These include exchange rate fluctuations, changes in management, 
economic factors, regulatory changes, the competitive situation, technical problems with products, changes in demand, problems with inputs/raw materials, mergers and acquisitions, etc. This 
list is not exhaustive. Accordingly, the classification and relative price potential may change at any time based on new available information.
Updates
Opinions, estimates, and projections expressed herein constitute the current views and opinions of the financial analysts listed and responsible for the content of this report as of the date in 
which it was issued and are therefore subject to change without notice. Unless otherwise stated, reports on issuers or financial instruments are generally updated by the research department 
of Zürcher Kantonalbank when company figures are published or when information relevant to the share price or rating becomes known. Whether and when an update is published is at the 
sole discretion of Zürcher Kantonalbank. Zürcher Kantonalbank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report. A fixed updating cycle is not foreseen. If the coverage of issuers is 
discontinued, Zürcher Kantonalbank shall inform its readers in writing.
Citation of sources
The information in this report has been obtained from various sources that we believe to be reliable. In principle, all information comes from publicly accessible sources. If this is not the case 
(for example, if Zürcher Kantonalbank has received information directly from the issuer), the report contains a corresponding note.
Competent supervisory authority
Zürcher Kantonalbank is subject to prudential supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA.
Miscellaneous legal information
This report is for information purposes only. It does not constitute, and should not be construed as, an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell, nor as a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell 
any financial instruments or banking services or to participate in any particular trading strategy, and the recipient is responsible for making his or her own assessment. The financial instruments 
discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors. This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular investor. 
In particular, the recipient is advised to check the information with regard to its compatibility with his personal circumstances for legal, regulatory, tax and other consequences, if necessary, 
with the assistance of an independent advisor.
This report is neither a prospectus nor a key information document. It has been prepared by Zürcher Kantonalbank with the greatest of care and to the best of its knowledge and belief. However, 
Zürcher Kantonalbank does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, and offers no guarantee as to its content, in particular as to the completeness, reliability or accuracy 
of such information, and disclaims all liability for losses arising from the use of this information. This report is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets 
or developments referred to herein.
If a report is merely a summary of a research report, further information on the respective company is available in the form of the "Daily Market Opinion" or studies. For this additional information, 
please contact your relationship manager.
If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely affect the price or value of, or the income derived from, the 
financial instrument, and investors who make an investment on the basis of this report assume the currency risk. Income from financial instruments may vary as their price or value, either directly 
or indirectly, may rise or fall. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. The price of securities may go up as well as down and as a result investors may not get back the amount 
originally invested. Changes in exchange rates may cause the value of investments to go up or down.
Distribution and/or reproduction of this report or of parts thereof is prohibited unless otherwise agreed in writing with Zürcher Kantonalbank. Additional information relative to the financial 
instruments discussed in this report is available upon request.
Publications on request
The following publications are available upon request:
–­ DMO headline page entitled "DMO Early Bird" (headlines from the comprehensive version of the "Daily Market Opinion" published on the same day)
–­ Individual DMO articles, also known as "Company News" (advance publication of all individual articles, including key assessments from the comprehensive version of the "Daily Market Opinion")
–­ Simple analyst model (standardized earnings model containing current analyst estimates)
Use abroad
This report is explicitly not addressed to persons whose nationality or place of residence prohibits access to such information under applicable legislation. Credit ratings of Zürcher Kantonalbank 
may only be distributed in Switzerland.
Additional information for UK clients
Zürcher Kantonalbank is an independent public law institution established pursuant to the laws of Switzerland and the Canton of Zurich and holds a Swiss banking license. It does not have 
a permanent place of business in the UK and is not regulated under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. The protections provided by the UK regulatory system will not be applicable 
to the recipients of any information or documentation provided by Zürcher Kantonalbank and compensation under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme will not be available. ZKB Securities 
3
Zürcher Kantonalbank   |   Logitech   |   24. September 2026


[Page 4]
(UK) Ltd., Mutual House, 70 Conduit Street, London W1S 2GF, United Kingdom ("ZKB Securities"), incorporated in England and Wales as a private company limited by shares under the Companies 
Act 2006 with company number 12488177, is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority with firm reference number 922650 and as such may distribute research in the United 
Kingdom.
Unless it is communicating this research report itself, ZKB Securities approves this research report to the extent necessary as a financial promotion for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 and in accordance with the Conduct of Business Sourcebook in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook. This research report is for distribution to eligible counter-
parties or professional clients only. Zürcher Kantonalbank does not deal with retail clients and any such recipients should disregard this research report and its contents.
Any contact with financial analysts, brokers or other employees of Zürcher Kantonalbank must be made directly through Zürcher Kantonalbank and not through offices or employees of Zürcher 
Kantonalbank's affiliates in the UK.
Please refer to the summary of the conflicts of interest policy of ZKB Securities, available at: https://www.zkb.co.uk.  
Additional information for U.S. Persons
This report, when distributed within the United States, is distributed by Auerbach Grayson & Company LLC ("AGC"), a broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. AGC assumes responsibility for this research for purposes of U.S. law.
Any U.S. person receiving this report and wishing to effect any transaction in a security discussed in this report should do so with AGC at +1 212 557 4444. This report, when distributed by Zürcher 
Kantonalbank from outside of the United States, is intended for distribution solely to "major U.S. institutional investors" pursuant to Rule 15a-6 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as amended.
Neither AGC nor any of its affiliates, including its employees, beneficially own 1% or more of any class of common equity securities of the companies analysed in this report. In addition, neither 
AGC nor its affiliates: (a) have managed or co-managed a public offering of securities for the respective issuers in the past 12 months; (b) have received compensation for investment banking 
services from the respective issuers in the past 12 months; or (c) expect to receive or intend to seek compensation for investment banking services from the respective issuers within the next 
3 months.
AGC did not engage in market-making activities in the subject issuers' securities at the time this research report was published.
Additional information for persons in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, United Arab Emirates
This research is only directed to persons who are classified as “Professional Clients” in the Abu Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”). This research is not directed at or intended to be accessible by 
any persons who are classified as “Retail Clients” in the ADGM.
Copyright © 2026 Zürcher Kantonalbank. All rights reserved.
4
Zürcher Kantonalbank   |   Logitech   |   24. September 2026
