[Page 1]
Prime Insights & Analytics Chart Pack - Asia
September 2026
Global Banking & Markets
Himanshu Deshmukh
Prime Services Strategies
himanshu.deshmukh@gs.com
Marco Laicini, PhD
Prime Services Strategies
 
Kartik Singhal
Prime Services Strategies
 
Prepared by Prime Brokerage. In evaluating this material, you should know that it could have been previously provided to other clients and/or internal Goldman Sachs personnel, who could have already 
acted on it. The views or ideas expressed here are those of the desk and/or author only and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs; others at Goldman Sachs may have opinions or may express views 
that are contrary to those herein. This material is not independent advice and is not a product of Global Investment Research. This material is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the 
purposes of, and to the extent it would otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. 


[Page 2]
Global Banking & Markets
2
Key Takeaways
GS Performance Estimate calculation - The proprietary performance estimates represent weighted averages of fund performance derived from aggregated Goldman Sachs Prime Services client cash, equity, synthetic, index and equity options 
positions for (anonymized baskets of Global/Asia/China/Japan focused Equity Fundamental Long/Short funds
FICC & Equities
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Hedge Fund Performance
•
Performance for Fundamental L/S managers in the region saw a positive uptick in September while YTD performance remains robust amid wide dispersions across managers.
•
Asia focused Fundamental L/S managers are up 2.5% MTD September (vs. MXAP +0.8%). Alpha from Asset selection, Info Tech and Medium-Term Momentum drove returns. 
YTD performance is now at 24.5%, with dispersion levels remaining elevated. The Simple average YTD estimate is at 15.5%, while the median estimate is notably lower at 4.3%.
•
China focused Fundamental LS managers are up 3.5% MTD, with YTD now at 29.4%. Similar to the broader Asia managers, dispersion in this segment remains considerable 
and returns are driven by investments in the AI space.
•
Japan focused managers down 1.2% MTD, with YTD now at 11.7%.
•
Global Fundamental LS managers up 0.4% MTD, +13.5% YTD. Global Systematics up 3.2% MTD, +19.5% YTD.
Positioning and Flows
•
The Global Prime book experienced marginal net buying flows MTD, with long buys leading over short sales. Europe and EM Americas led the net buying flows, while Asian 
equities led the net selling.
•
Asian equities were net sold MTD with short sales dominating the flows. Activity was risk-on. Both Developed Markets were net bought while Emerging Markets led the selling 
flows.
•
Korea led the selling flows MTD with Hedge Funds continuing to unwind AI exposures. This selling was partially offset by buying in Hong Kong and Australia. Flows were risk-on, 
with Taiwan, Hong Kong and Australia leading the risk activity; partially offset by de-grossing flows in Korea.
•
Chinese equities saw flat net and gross flows for the MTD period. Under the hood, A-shares saw risk-on flows led by short sales over long buys; offset by de-risking flows in 
Offshore Equities (H-Shares + ADRs) with short covers leading the inflows. Allocations remained rangebound.
•
Flows in Japan were net flat for the MTD period with buying in Single Stocks offset by selling in Macro products (Index/ETF). Risk on flows earlier in the month were reversed in 
the later weeks. Net allocation increased marginally while Gross allocation remained flat.
•
Korea led the net selling as well as de-grossing flows as Hedge Funds continued to unwind longs in the Semis space. Taiwan saw risk-on flows with flat net activity as Hedge 
Funds added longs and shorts in approximately equal amounts.
•
Allocations to Asia continued to stabilize in the MTD period. The net allocation to Asia in the Global Prime book increased 69 bps MTD, with the latest level at 30.5%, 
representing a 13.2% overweight compared to MSCI World benchmark. This has declined from 20% overweight around mid-June and has recovered from a 10.9% low on 30th 
July. Gross allocation remained ~flat at 25.8%, reflecting an 8.6% overweight relative to MSCI World.
•
6/11 sectors were net sold so far this month. Info Tech continued to lead the selling flows, followed by Consumer Discretionary and Industrials. Communication Services, Real 
Estate and Financials were the most net bought sectors.


[Page 3]
3
Long/Short Performance Estimates


[Page 4]
4
FICC and Equities
Hedge Fund Performance Estimates: YTD Snapshot
Asia focused Fundamental LS managers are up 2.5% MTD (vs. MXAP +0.8%) with YTD now at 24.5%. Alpha from asset 
selection, Info Tech and Medium-Term Momentum drove returns. Median YTD return at 4.3%, Simple average at 15.5%.
Global Fundamental L/S up 0.4% MTD (13.5% YTD), while Systematic L/S are up 3.2% MTD, 19.5% YTD.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
GS Performance Estimate calculation - The proprietary performance estimates represent weighted averages of fund performance derived from aggregated Goldman Sachs Prime Services client cash, equity, synthetic, index and equity options 
positions for (anonymized baskets of Global/Asia/China/Japan focused Equity Fundamental Long/Short funds


[Page 5]
5
FICC and Equities
Hedge Fund Performance Estimates: YTD Snapshot
China focused Fundamental L/S managers are up 3.5% MTD, bringing YTD to 29.4%.
Japan focused managers down 1.2% MTD (vs. MXJP down 1.5%), YTD now at 11.7%.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
GS Performance Estimate calculation - The proprietary performance estimates represent weighted averages of fund performance derived from aggregated Goldman Sachs Prime Services client cash, equity, synthetic, index and equity options 
positions for (anonymized baskets of Global/Asia/China/Japan focused Equity Fundamental Long/Short funds


[Page 6]
6
Hedge Fund Positioning


[Page 7]
7
FICC and Equities
Hedge Fund Risk Exposures: Latest Snapshot
Leverages in Global Prime Book remained rangebound MTD with gross at 307.4% (52nd percentile 1-year, 91st percentile 5-year) 
while Net Leverage at 77.9% (37th percentile 1-year, 71st percentile 5-year). Fundamental LS leverages increased. Gross increased
to 206.9% (27th percentile 1-year, 84th percentile 5-year), while Net increased to 56.8% (70th percentile 1-year, 79th percentile 5-year). 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 8]
8
FICC and Equities
Hedge Fund Risk Exposures: Latest Snapshot
Gross leverage for Asia Fundamental L/S managers was volatile, with the latest level at 192.9% (12th percentile 1-year, 65th
percentile 5-year), while Net Leverage increased to 67.4%, approaching 5-year highs (98th percentile 1-year, 99th percentile 5-year).
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Gross Leverage (%)
Latest Level
Gross Leverge: Asia Fundamental L/S
160
165
170
175
180
185
190
195
200
205
210
215
220
Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Net Leverage (%)
Latest Level
Net Leverge: Asia Fundamental L/S
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
55
60
65
70
Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026


[Page 9]
9
Trading Flows


[Page 10]
10
FICC and Equities
Cumulative Trading Flows YTD: Latest Snapshot
Global Prime book experienced marginal net buying flows MTD, with long buys leading over short sales. Europe and EM 
Americas led the net buying flows, while Asian equities were net sold.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 11]
11
FICC and Equities
Cumulative Trading Flows YTD: Latest Snapshot
Asian Equities were net sold MTD, with short sales dominated the selling. Flows were risk on. Developed markets were 
net bought while Emerging Markets led the net selling.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 12]
12
FICC and Equities
Japan China + HK Taiwan Korea
Gross Trading Flows: Asia Markets
% of Asia Gross MV at Start of period
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
Jan Feb Mar
Apr May Jun
Jul
Aug Sep
2026
Cumulative Trading Flows YTD: Latest Snapshot
At a market level, Korea led the selling as well as the de-grossing flows this month with Hedge Funds unwinding longs.
The selling was partially offset by net buying in Hong Kong and Australia. Risk-on flows were observed in Taiwan, Hong 
Kong and Australia.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 13]
13
FICC and Equities
Chinese Equities: Trading Flows
Both Net and Gross Flows in China were ~flat for the MTD period. Under the hood, A-shares saw risk-on flows led by 
short sales over long buys; offset de-risking flows in Offshore Equities (H-shares + ADRs) with short covers leading the 
inflows. 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 14]
14
FICC and Equities
China: Gross and Net Allocation
Allocations remained range-bound for the MTD period. Net allocation is at 7.5% (27th percentile over five years), while 
Gross allocation is at 7.1% (84th percentile over five years).
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Dotted black horizontal lines denote 10th, 50th and 90th percentile of the timeseries over the past 5 years


[Page 15]
15
FICC and Equities
Japanese Equities: Trading Flows
Japanese equities saw net flat flows MTD. Single stocks were net bought while Macro products (Index/ETF) were net
sold. Risk on activity earlier in the month saw a reversal later with risk flows flat for the MTD period as well.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 16]
16
FICC and Equities
Japan: Gross and Net Allocation
Net allocation to Japan marginally increased marginally MTD to 9.3% (66th percentile 1-year, 93rd percentile 5-year), 
while gross allocation remained flat at 7.9% (74th percentile 1-year, 95th percentile 5-year).
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Dotted black horizontal lines denote 10th, 50th and 90th percentile of the timeseries over the past 5 years


[Page 17]
17
FICC and Equities
Taiwan and Korea: Gross and Net Allocation
Flows in Korea saw heavy net selling MTD led by long sales/risk off activity. Net allocation declined to 4.8% (61st percentile 1-year, 92nd
percentile 5-year) while Gross allocation remained flat at 3.1% (68th percentile 1-year, 94th percentile 5-year). 
Taiwan saw a divergence from Korea with net flows flat but risk-on activity. HFs added longs and shorts in equal proportions. Net allocation 
increased to 6.8% (79th percentile 1-year, 96th percentile 5-year) while gross ended at 4.3% (87th percentile 1-year. 97th percentile 5-year).
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 18]
18
FICC and Equities
Regional Allocations: Weights vs. MSCI World AC
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Net Allocation to Asia saw a marginal increase in MTD September, while Gross allocation remained flat.
The net allocation to Asia was up 69 bps ending at 30.5%, representing a 13.2% overweight compared to MSCI World 
benchmark, while the gross allocation remained ~flat at 25.8%, reflecting an 8.6% overweight relative to MSCI World.


[Page 19]
19
Asia Sector and Thematic Highlights 


[Page 20]
20
FICC and Equities
Asia Sector Positioning
Over/Under weights vs. MXAP: Despite recent headwinds and strong outflows, InfoTech remains the most overweight sector in the region. Industrials and 
Health remain the only other overweight sectors. Financials is the most underweight sector, followed by Comm Services and Cons Disc sectors.
MTD Net Bought: Comm Svcs, Real Estate, Financials, Utilities, Energy.
MTD Net Sold: Info Tech, Consumer Disc, Industrials, Materials, Health Care, Consumer Staples
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 21]
21
FICC and Equities
China Sector Positioning
Over/Under weights vs. MXCN: Industrials, Info Tech, Health Care and Materials are the most overweight sectors, while Comm Svcs, Financials, 
and Cons Disc are the most underweight.
MTD Net Bought: Real Estate, Info Tech, Utilities, Energy
MTD Net Sold: Health Care, Financials, Materials, Industrials, Consumer Staples, Consumer Discretionary, Comm Svcs
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 22]
22
FICC and Equities
Japan Sector Positioning
Over/Under weights vs. MXJP: Info Tech, Industrials, Materials and Cons Staples are the only overweight sectors. Cons Disc, Financials, Comm 
Svcs and Health Care are the most underweight.
MTD Net Bought: Communication Services, Industrials, Real Estate, Materials, Financials, Health Care, Utlities, Energy.
MTD Net Sold: Info Tech, Cons Disc, Cons Staples.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 23]
23
FICC and Equities
Asia Sector Highlight: Info Tech
Info Tech stocks continued to dominate net selling flows in the region with short and long selling flows. Korea dominated the selling flows, 
followed by smaller contributions from Japan; partially offset by buying in Hong Kong. At an Industry level, Semis led the selling while 
Communications Equipment led the buying. The sector remains 14.2% overweight vs. MXAP, down from ~22% peak in June. Level at the start of 
the year was 11% overweight.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 24]
24
FICC and Equities
Asia Sector Highlight: Consumer Discretionary
Cons Disc was the most net sold sector MTD, but remains net bought since August. Long and short sales led the flows. Japan led 
the selling flows, followed by HK and China. Automobiles and Automobile Components were the most sold industries; partially 
offset by buying in Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure. The sector is now -1.6% U/W vs. MXAP, up from a 5-year low of -3.5% in May.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 25]
25
FICC and Equities
Asia Sector Highlight: Industrials
Industrials was the third most net sold sector MTD, with Long sales dominating outflows. Korea, China and Taiwan led the selling flows; partially 
offset by buying in Japan. The weight of the sector is 3.8% overweight vs. MXAP, and is increasing from June lows of 2.2% overweight.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 26]
26
FICC and Equities
Comm Svcs
Asia Comm Svcs: Prime Book Net Trading Flows
% of Asia Net MV at Start of Period
-1.4%
-1.2%
-1%
-0.8%
-0.6%
-0.4%
-0.2%
0%
0.2%
0.4%
0.6%
0.8%
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep
2026
Asia Sector Highlight: Communication Services
Communication services was the most net bought sector MTD September. Long buys dominated the flows. At a market level,
buying was led by Japan. The sector remains 2% underweight vs. the benchmark MXAP Index and remains close to 5-year lows 
despite the recent recovery.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Comm Svcs
Asia Comm Svcs: Prime Book Over/Under weight vs. MXAP
-4%
-3%
-2%
-1%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
8%
Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul Jan Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026


[Page 27]
27
FICC and Equities
Asia Sector Highlight: Real Estate
Real Estate was the second most net bought sector MTD, with long buys dominating over short sales. Japan and China led the 
buying flows in this space. Positioning in the sector is -0.6% underweight vs. MXAP.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 28]
28
Factor Highlights 


[Page 29]
29
FICC and Equities
Factor Highlight: Momentum
Fundamental L/S Momentum Exposure continues to decline across both Global and Asia focused managers. Asia managers have 
reduced exposures back to levels seen in early 2025, while Global manager exposures are at levels seen in July 2025.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of Sep 24, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


[Page 30]
30
FICC and Equities
This message has been prepared by personnel in the Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities business units of one or more affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group, 
Inc. ("Goldman Sachs") and is not the product of Global Investment Research. It is not a research report and is not intended as such.
Non-Reliance and Risk Disclosure: This material is for the general information of our clients and is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the 
purposes of, and to the extent it would otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. This material should not be construed as an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. We are not soliciting any specific action based on 
this material. For the purposes of U.S. rules and regulations, it does not constitute a recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, 
financial conditions, or needs of individual clients. Before acting on this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if 
necessary, seek professional advice. The price and value of the investments referred to in this material and the income from them may go down as well as up, and 
investors may realize losses on any investments. Past performance is not a guide to future performance. Future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original 
capital may occur. We do not provide tax, accounting, or legal advice to our clients, and all investors are advised to consult with their tax, accounting, or legal 
advisers regarding any potential investment. The material is based on information that we consider reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate, complete 
and/or up to date, and it should not be relied on as such. Opinions expressed are our current opinions as of the date appearing on this material only and only 
represent the views of the author and not those of Goldman Sachs, unless otherwise expressly noted.
Conflict of Interest Disclosure: We are a full-service, integrated corporate advisory, investment management, and brokerage firm. The professionals who 
prepared this material are paid in part based on the profitability of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., which includes earnings from the firm's trading, capital markets, 
corporate advisory and other business. They, along with other salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or 
trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed herein or the opinions expressed in research reports issued by our 
Research Departments, and our market making, investing and lending businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the views expressed 
herein. In addition, the professionals who prepared this material may also produce material for, and from time to time, may advise or otherwise be part of our 
trading desks that trade as principal in the securities mentioned in this material. This material is therefore not independent from our interests, which may conflict 
with your interests. We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this material, may from 
time to time have "long" or "short" positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell the securities or derivatives (including options) thereof in, and act as market maker 
or specialist in, and serve as a director of, companies mentioned in this material. In addition, we may have served as manager or co manager of a public offering of 
securities by any such company within the past three years
Disclaimers


[Page 31]
31
FICC and Equities
Not a Fiduciary: To the extent this material is provided to an employee benefit plan or account subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as 
amended ("ERISA") or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") (each, a "Benefit Plan Investor"), by accepting this material 
such Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have represented, warranted and acknowledged that (1) the Benefit Plan Investor is represented by a fiduciary that is 
independent of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates (the "Independent Fiduciary"), (2) the Independent Fiduciary is a bank (as defined in section 202 of the Investment 
Advisers Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act")) or a similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to periodic examination by a State or Federal agency; 
an insurance carrier which is qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of a plan; an 
investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of paragraph (1) of section 
203A, is registered as an investment adviser under the laws of the State in which it maintains its principal office and place of business; a broker-dealer registered 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or an Independent Fiduciary that holds or has under management or control total assets of at least $50 Million; (3) the 
Independent Fiduciary is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to the information contained in this material; (4) the 
Independent Fiduciary is a fiduciary under ERISA and/or the Code with respect to, and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating, the 
information contained in this material; (5) neither Goldman Sachs nor its affiliates are undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a 
fiduciary capacity, in connection with the information contained in this material or with respect to any Benefit Plan Investor's subsequent investment decisions; and 
(6) any financial interest of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates is or has been disclosed. To the extent this material is provided to any other recipient, this material is 
provided solely on the basis that the recipient has the capability to independently evaluate investment risk and is exercising independent judgment in evaluating 
investment decisions in that its investment decisions will be based on its own independent assessment of the opportunities and risks presented by a potential 
investment, market factors and other investment considerations.
Not a Municipal Advisor: Except in circumstances where Goldman Sachs expressly agrees otherwise in writing, Goldman Sachs is not acting as a municipal advisor 
and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice, including within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934.
Phone recording: Telephone conversations with Goldman Sachs personnel may be recorded and retained.
Disclaimers


[Page 32]
32
FICC and Equities
Legal Entities Disseminating this Material: This material is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Canada by 
either Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs(Asia) L.L.C. or by Goldman Sachs Asia Bank Limited, a 
restricted licence bank; in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co.,Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by 
Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs(Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), by Goldman Sachs Futures Pte.Ltd
(Company Number: 199004153Z) or by J.Aron &Company (Singapore) Pte (Company Number:198902119H); in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private 
Limited, Mumbai Branch; in the United Kingdom, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg by Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”); 
in the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg and the Netherlands by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, London Branch (Financial Services 
Register number 582328); in France by Goldman Sachs Paris Inc. et Cie or GSI Paris branch; in Spain by GSI Madrid branch; in Sweden by GSI Stockholm 
branch; in all European Economic Area jurisdictions by Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, including through its authorised branches (“GSBE”); in Switzerland by 
GSI; in the Cayman Islands by Goldman Sachs (Cayman) Trust, Limited; in Brazil by Goldman Sachs do Brasil Banco Múltiplo S.A.; in South Africa Goldman Sachs 
International is operating under an exemption in respect of certain clients in terms of the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act (FAIS), and in the United 
States of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (which is a member of FINRA, NYSE and SIPC) and by Goldman Sachs Bank USA. You may obtain information 
about SIPC, including the SIPC brochure, by contacting SIPC (website: 
;phone: 202-371-8300). GSI, which is authorised by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this material in connection with its distribution in 
the United Kingdom. GSI, whose registered office is at Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane, London EC4A 4AU, appears in the FCA’s Register (Registration No.: 
142888). GSI is registered as a Private Unlimited Company in England and Wales (Company Number: 2263951) and its VAT registration number is GB 447 2649 
28. GSI is subject to the FCA and PRA rules and guidance, details of which can be found on the websites of the FCA and PRA 
at www.fca.org.uk and www.bankofengland.co.uk/pra.The FCA is located at 12 Endeavour Square, London E20 1JN, and the PRA is located at Bank of England, 
20 Moorgate, London EC2R 6DA. GSBE is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory Mechanism established between those 
Member States of the European Union whose official currency is the Euro, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other 
respects supervised by German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank. 
Unless governing law permits otherwise, you must contact a Goldman Sachs entity in your home jurisdiction if you want to use our services in effecting a 
transaction in the securities mentioned in this material. This material is not for distribution to retail clients, as that term is defined under The European Union 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive(2014/65/EU) (including as implemented in the United Kingdom), and any investments, including derivatives, mentioned 
in this material will not be made available by us to any such retail client.
Disclaimers


[Page 33]
33
FICC and Equities
Reproduction and Re-Distribution: Without our prior written consent, no part of this material may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form by any
means or (ii) redistributed. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and except as required to enable compliance with applicable securities law, you (and 
each of your employees, representatives and other agents) may disclose to any and all persons the U.S. federal income and state tax treatment and tax structure of 
the transaction and all materials of any kind (including tax opinions and other tax analyses) that are provided to you relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, 
without Goldman Sachs imposing any limitation of any kind.
Information Not for Further Dissemination: To the extent this communication contains Goldman Sachs' pricing information, such pricing information is 
proprietary and/or confidential and is provided solely for the internal use of the intended recipient(s). You are notified that any unauthorized use, dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this communication or its contents, including pricing information, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. Further, unless prohibited by local 
law, any use, review or acceptance of this information is subject to and manifests your agreement with Goldman Sachs to use such information only in accordance 
with the terms set forth above. Goldman Sachs has caused its proprietary information to be delivered to you in reliance upon such agreement.
Not a Valuation: Values herein are not customer valuations and should not be used in lieu of a customer valuation statement or account statement. These values 
may not reflect the value of the positions carried on the books and records of Goldman Sachs or its affiliates and should not be relied upon for the maintenance of 
your books and records or for any tax, accounting, legal or other purposes. The information provided herein does not supersede any customer statements, 
confirmations or other similar notifications.
Receipt of Orders: An order sent to Goldman Sachs by email or instant message is not deemed to be received by Goldman Sachs until a Goldman Sachs
representative verifies the order details with a phone call to the client or acknowledges receipt of the order via email or instant message to the client. Goldman 
Sachs does not accept client orders sent via fax or voicemail systems.
Indicative Terms/Pricing Levels: This material may contain indicative terms only, including but not limited to pricing levels. There is no representation that any 
transaction can or could have been effected at such terms or prices. Proposed terms and conditions are for discussion purposes only. Finalized terms and 
conditions are subject to further discussion and negotiation.
Disclaimers


[Page 34]
34
FICC and Equities
Notice to Australian Investors: When this document is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO"), Goldman Sachs International ("GSI"), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. 
("GSALLC"), or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, is intended only for a person that has first satisfied the GS entities that:
• the person is a Sophisticated or Professional Investor for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act of Australia; and
• the person is a wholesale client for the purpose of section 761G of the Corporations Act of Australia.
To the extent that the GS entities are providing a financial service in Australia, the GS entities are each exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence for the financial 
services they provide in Australia. Each of the GS entities are regulated by a foreign regulator under foreign laws which differ from Australian laws, specifically:
• GSCO is regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws;
• GSI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, under UK laws;
• GSALLC is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws; and
• GSSP is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under Singapore laws.
Notice to Brazilian Investors
Marquee is not meant for the general public in Brazil. The services or products provided by or through Marquee, at any time, may not be offered or sold to the general public in Brazil. You have received 
a password granting access to Marquee exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS business located in Brazil. The selection and engagement with any of the offered services or products 
through Marquee, at any time, will be carried out directly by you. Before acting to implement any chosen service or products, provided by or through Marquee you should consider, at your sole discretion, 
whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any steps necessary in order to implement the chosen service or product, including but not limited to 
remittance of funds, shall be carried out at your discretion. Accordingly, such services and products have not been and will not be publicly issued, placed, distributed, offered or negotiated in the Brazilian 
capital markets and, as a result, they have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários), nor have they been submitted 
to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to such services or products, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the general public in Brazil, as the offering of 
such services or products is not a public offering in Brazil, nor used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to the general public in Brazil.
The offer of any securities mentioned in this message may not be made to the general public in Brazil. Accordingly, any such securities have not been nor will they be registered with the Brazilian 
Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários) nor has any offer been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to the offer, as well as the 
information contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in Brazil, as the offer is not a public offering of securities in Brazil. These terms will apply on every access to Marquee.
Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 0800 380 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com.
Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h. Canal de Denúncias: 0800 047 4065 e/ou Formulário eletrônico: 
Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 380 5764 and/or contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com.
Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Business Integrity Issues Channel: 0800 047 4065 and/or Web Form: 
Disclaimers


[Page 35]
35
FICC and Equities
Note to Investors in Israel: GS is not licensed to provide investment advice or investment management services under Israeli law.
Notice to Investors in Japan
Marquee is made available in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.
本書は情報の提供を目的としております。また、売却・購入が違法となるような法域での有価証券その他の売却若しくは購入を勧めるものでもありません。ゴールドマン・サックスは本書内の取引又は
ストラクチャーの勧誘を行うものではございません。これらの取引又はストラクチャーは、社内及び法規制等の承認等次第で実際にはご提供できない場合がございます。
<適格機関投資家限定
転売制限>
ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社が適格機関投資家のみを相手方として取得申込みの勧誘（取得勧誘）又は売付けの申込み若しくは買付けの申込みの勧誘(売付け勧誘等)を行う本有価証券には、適
格機関投資家に譲渡する場合以外の譲渡が禁止される旨の制限が付されています。本有価証券は金融商品取引法第４条に基づく財務局に対する届出が行われておりません。なお、本告知はお客様による
ご同意のもとに、電磁的に交付させていただいております。
＜適格機関投資家用資料＞
本資料は、適格機関投資家のお客さまのみを対象に作成されたものです。本資料における金融商品は適格機関投資家のお客さまのみがお取引可能であり、適格機関投資家以外のお客さまからのご注文等
はお受けできませんので、ご注意ください。商号等/ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社金融商品取引業者
関東財務局長（金商）第６９号
加入協会/
日本証券業協会、一般社団法人金融先物取引業協会、一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会、一般社団法人投資信託協会、一般社団法人日本投資顧問業協会
本書又はその添付資料に信用格付が記載されている場合、日本格付研究所（JCR）及び格付投資情報センター（R&I）による格付は、登録信用格付業者による格付（登録格付）です。その他の格付は登
録格付である旨の記載がない場合は、無登録格付です。無登録格付を投資判断に利用する前に、「無登録格付に関する説明書」（http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html）を十分にお読み
ください。
If any credit ratings are contained in this material or any attachments, those that have been issued by Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) or Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) are credit 
ratings that have been issued by a credit rating agency registered in Japan (registered credit ratings). Other credit ratings are unregistered unless denoted as being registered. Before using unregistered 
credit ratings to make investment decisions, please carefully read "Explanation Regarding Unregistered Credit Ratings" ( 
).
Disclaimers


[Page 36]
36
FICC and Equities
Notice to Mexican Investors: Information contained herein is not meant for the general public in Mexico. The services or products provided by or through
Goldman Sachs Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (GS Mexico) may not be offered or sold to the general public in Mexico. You have received information herein 
exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS Mexico or any other Goldman Sachs business. The selection and engagement with any of the offered 
services or products through GS Mexico will be carried out directly by you at your own risk. Before acting to implement any chosen service or product provided by 
or through GS Mexico you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional 
advice. Information contained herein related to GS Mexico services or products, as well as any other information, shall not be considered as a product coming from 
research, nor it contains any recommendation to invest, not to invest, hold or sell any security and may not be supplied to the general public in Mexico.
Notice to New Zealand Investors: When this document is disseminated in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO") , Goldman Sachs International 
("GSI"), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC") or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, 
is intended only for a person that has first satisfied; the GS entities that the person is someone:
(i) who is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand) (the "FMC Act");
(ii) who meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
(iii) who is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or
(iv) is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.
No offer to acquire the interests is being made to you in this document. Any offer will only be made in circumstances where disclosure is not required under the 
Financial Markets Conducts Act 2013 or the Financial Markets Conduct Regulations 2014.
Notice to Swiss Investors: This is marketing material for financial instruments or services. The information contained in this material is for general informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an offer, solicitation, invitation or recommendation to buy or sell any financial instruments or to provide any investment advice 
or service of any kind.
Notice to Investors in Korea: Marquee is made available in Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Seoul Branch.
© 2026 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved.
Disclaimers
