[Page 1]
Article | 24 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  24 September 2026
  RATES SPARK
Rates Spark: US 10yr continues to
target 5.25%+
The overshoot to the 5.25%-5.5% area for the US 10yr yield is ongoing.
The front end paused after valuations looked stretched, but resilient
macro data, elevated energy prices and inflation pressures generally
continue to pressure yields higher
Bearish sentiment continues for long-end bonds
The rate hike discount looks extreme, but long bond yields can
remain under pressure
The US 7yr auction tailed moderately. Not as horrendous as the previous day's 5yr auction,
which tailed by a substantial 3bp. That auction was the last straw on Wednesday, prompting a
follow-through rise in the 10yr yield to over 5.1%. Fast-forward to Thursday, and we're
suddenly knocking on the door of 5.2%. And the driver? Predominantly it's higher real yields, as
it has been for a number of months now. Which is important, as this is not shielded by the Fed
hiking rates, which could be the case if we had an inflation expectations issue. We have a
printed inflation problem in the rear-view mirror, but inflation expectations in fact remain
relatively contained.
Ahead, we think that there are enough rate hike fears discounted at this juncture, and
certainly enough to take care of perceived inflation risks. But, government bond yields are
primed to remain under pressure on a pure debt dynamic theory, which translates into
pressure for some re-widening in swap spreads, and especially in the 10yr area. So far,


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
2
Treasury Secretary Bessent's buyback programme has in fact been successful in the sense that
it was followed up by tighter swap spreads.
Thursday saw US$4.1bn bought back in the latest reverse auction, but we're not of the opinion
that the market should be overly concerned with this, in the sense that it's not a negative. It’s
still a moderate positive for the long end, as the Treasury is doing at least double what they
did. We get there is disappointment that it has not been more. But that was never intimated
by the Treasury Secretary in the first place, in our opinion. The Treasury Secretary, in fact,
should be pleased that swap spreads remain relatively contained, so far at least.
The bearish narrative remains intact with none of the key
drivers behind the recent sell-off is showing signs of fading
None of the drivers that brought us the increase in rates are going away. The front end has
taken a small breather after valuations started to look stretched, even as oil continued to
climb. For the European Central Bank, a full 100bp priced in over the next year does appear
ambitious, given that there is still a lot of uncertainty around the outlook. But ECB chief
economist Lane basically confirmed on Thursday that the ECB sees itself confronted with the
adverse energy market scenario while, at the same time, all data points to ongoing macro
resilience.
Long-end rates remain more exposed to upward pressures, with the Bund probing towards
3.6%. That also means limited relief for spreads, with 10y French OATs still yielding 109bp
above Bunds. Keep in mind that the ‘positives’ for France from better data are also limited, with
the latest business climate indicator falling. Indeed, the overall strong PMIs masked an
unexpected decline in the French manufacturing index. Regarding the broader sentiment, the
weakness in equities seems more a mechanical reaction to the rise in rates rather than a
genuine risk-off move at this stage. The VIX equity fear gauge stands close to the low end of
this year’s range.
However, after Wednesday's level-shift higher in rates, the next big moves are more likely to
come next week as it features several important data releases. The underlying tenor should
not stand in the way of the bearish sentiment.
In the eurozone, the flash CPI releases start on Tuesday with reports from Spain, followed by
France, Germany and Italy on Wednesday, and will be scanned for confirmation of the
expected rise in both headline and core inflation rates before the eurozone-wide estimate.
It is also a big week ahead for US data, with the official jobs market data for September at the
end of the week. At the time of writing, the consensus is pencilled in at a solid 104k increase in
non-farm payrolls. The PCE data for August will only confirm the elevated price pressures, as
the inputs are largely known from other releases. We will also get the ISMs, which in the US are
usually more closely watched than the S&P PMIs, but the market will be looking for


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
3
confirmation there too.
Friday's events and market view
In terms of eurozone data we will be looking at the German consumer confidence data and the
ECB M3 data. The US will release durable goods orders for August and the final September
reading of the University of Michigan consumer confidence index. It will be busier on the
central bank speaker front. The Fed's Williams, Schmid and Hammack are scheduled for the
day. The Bank of England's Bailey will also speak. From the ECB we have Vujcic. 
After the markets close, the scheduled reviews from Moody's will be in focus: Italy
(Baa2/Stable, the ESM and the EU (both Aaa/Stable) are on the agency's list for the day. S&P
has Slovenia scheduled for a possible review (AA/Stable). 
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
4
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
