[Page 1]
Article | 24 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  24 September 2026
  UNITED STATES
US manufacturing revival gathers pace
despite tariff and energy headwinds
After three years of stagnation, US manufacturing appears to be on an
upswing as production and order books gain momentum. Tariffs and
energy costs pose challenges, but trends in reshoring, AI/robotic
technologies and rising defence spending provide reasons for longer-
term optimism
The revival in US manufacturing is being led by the tech sector, including Google data centres (pictured
above)
The US manufacturing sector has experienced a torrid couple of decades. Output volumes
remain 10% below the peak level hit just before the Global Financial Crisis in December 2007.
The sector employs a million fewer workers than it did 20 years ago. Reasons for this poor
performance include consumer demand preferences shifting ever further toward services over
physical goods, underinvestment in advanced production facilities relative to international
competitors, high US labour costs and the removal of trade barriers allowing foreign
manufacturers to gain market share.
Manufacturing output levels and manufacturing employment


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
2
Source: Macrobond, ING
Nonetheless, the sector has shown genuine signs of a revival over the past year. The ISM
production index has moved from sub-50 contraction territory to signalling robust growth
ahead. Below, we look at what is driving this turnaround and how it could evolve.
ISM production index points to an ongoing manufacturing
output upturn
Source: Macrobond, ING
Tariffs remain President Trump’s primary tool
Reviving manufacturing has been top of mind for all recent presidents. In his first term,
President Trump’s solution was to impose tariffs on Chinese-made imports along with sector-
specific levies. The rationale being that this would boost the price competitiveness of US
manufacturers in key sectors. Yet it failed to generate the desired turnaround. Initiatives from
President Biden similarly yielded little benefit.
In his second term, President Trump doubled down, initially announcing 25% tariffs on steel
and aluminium, and then a 25% tariff on auto parts before launching into his 'Liberation Day'
tariffs in April 2025 that dramatically expanded coverage.


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
3
Invoked under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), individual tariff rates
changed based on a trading partner's willingness to open markets to US manufacturers and
guarantee investment within the US. The chart below shows that the realised tariff rate
undershot the calculated implied average tariff rate based on the full-year 2024 import mix.
Reasons for this include import substitution via switching to lower-tariffed foreign suppliers, a
surge in tariff-exempt high-tech imports, and better USMCA compliance. This means a greater
proportion of Canadian and Mexican trade qualified for tariff exemptions, and some modest
evidence of switching towards US-made products.
Effective announced tariff rates versus realised tariff rates (%)
Source: Yale budget Lab, Macrobond, ING
The Supreme Court ruled against those tariffs in late February. In response, Trump swiftly
invoked Section 122 of the 1974 Trade Act. It allows tariffs of up to 15% for as long as 150 days
before the US Trade Representative launches Section 301 investigations. The end result is 10%
tariffs on 14 countries, including the EU, Mexico, Canada and the UK, with 46 other countries,
including imports from China, Japan and India facing a 12.5% tariff. This, in itself, is a lower
tariff regime under the IEEPA system.
Given several important tech and medical categories are exempted, we expect the realised
tariff rate to come close to 7%. This is a less onerous environment than 12 months ago.
Moreover, importing companies' cash flows are being boosted by the Supreme Court’s decision
to insist that the $166bn of IEEPA tariffs be fully refunded. That means the realised tariff rate
temporarily fell into negative territory in July, as IEEPA refunds more than offset all other tariff
charges.
Reshoring yet to show up in construction activity
Citing the effectiveness of tariffs, the Administration has touted the “largest reshoring wave in
American history”. It points to a four-year high for the ISM manufacturing index while


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
4
employment in the manufacturing sector rose 58,000 in the first eight months of this year.
Amid pledges from corporate America to invest more in the US, the National Association of
Manufacturers reported that foreign direct investment in US manufacturing reached a new
record level in 2025 of $2.5tr.
Yet manufacturing-related construction activity does not reflect this positive narrative.
Manufacturing construction spending peaked in September 2024 at an annualised $249bn and
currently stands at $170bn. We’ve seen a sharp slowdown in construction activity in the
computer, electronics and electrical sector from $126bn to $57bn over that same period. That
follows the conclusion of the CHIPS and Science Act from the previous Biden Administration,
which provided nearly $53bn to boost the domestic semiconductor industry. Strip out this
sector and construction activity tied to the rest of manufacturing has changed little over the
past two years. So, despite commitments from business leaders, little evidence suggests that a
reshoring boom is underway just yet.
Manufacturing sector construction spending ($bn)
Source: Macrobond, ING
While tariffs may improve the relative cost comparison versus foreign products, the National
Association of Manufacturers states that in 2024, manufacturing employees earned an
average of $106,691, including pay and benefits. That is substantially higher than the average
cost of employing someone in China, South Korea and even Germany. This suggests that for
manufacturing reshoring to make sense, it would be tied to companies that are highly
automated with high value-added production. Alternatively, there could be an appetite to
reshore where consumers are willing to pay the premium for a 'Made in America' label or
where security of supply chains is an imperative.
Sectors most likely to receive a boost include technology, transport and aerospace, electric
vehicles, clean energy and pharmaceuticals. The latter is where we have seen the largest
announcements, with Johnson & Johnson’s $55bn investment spending plan over the next
four years and Eli Lilly announcing a $27bn investment in its US manufacturing operations.


[Page 5]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
5
And in solar manufacturing, tariffs, price floors, and China-focussed trade restrictions are
supporting the expansion of US manufacturing across the value chain.
While the construction numbers aren’t showing any uplift yet, it takes significant time to get
planning in place. Advanced manufacturing plants also take a long time to construct. Intel, for
example, suggests it takes three to five years with 6,000 construction workers at a cost of
$10bn to build a new factory. An aluminium smelter takes two to three years for construction,
in addition to the time needed to design and secure planning approval. Significant
infrastructure is also typically required for all new manufacturing sites, including power, road,
rail and water, adding to the cost of reshoring.
The Middle East conflict and energy prices
Restrictions on shipping through the Strait of Hormuz have raised concerns about energy
shortages, higher prices and potential production disruption for manufacturers globally.
However, the US is better positioned to manage those challenges than European and Asian
competitors. The US produces more energy than it consumes. Oil prices are set in global
markets and push up the cost of gasoline and diesel, with freight costs consequently
increasing in the US and elsewhere. However, the US is in a better position relative to foreign
competitors in terms of natural gas. Abundant domestic production is keeping prices well
below long-run averages.
This has a knock-on effect: lower electricity prices vis-à-vis other countries, which should give
US manufacturers a cost advantage over foreign peers. US-based companies involved with
steel, metal and glass production – heavy industries that require high-temperature processes –
and agriculture and fertiliser production, which use natural gas to convert into nitrogen
fertilisers, should be relative winners on the global stage. Similarly, the availability of natural
gas, used as a feedstock to create products such as plastics, should give a competitive boost
for US manufacturers.
Nevertheless, electricity-intensive manufacturers could come under pressure as AI-driven data
centre growth drives up power demand. For example, Emirates Global Aluminium and Century
Aluminium are planning a 750,000-ton aluminium smelter in Oklahoma, the first new US
smelter in almost 50 years. The facility would double current US aluminium output, but may
face challenges competing with data centres for power.
Financial conditions are a headwind
Borrowing costs have risen in response to elevated energy prices and a belief that the Federal
Reserve is set to tighten policy and keep interest rates higher for longer. In an environment of
substantial government fiscal deficits and anxiety about debt sustainability, US longer-dated
Treasury yields have pushed above 5%. Corporate bond spreads have tightened, but not by
enough to prevent an overall rise in borrowing costs. Moody’s 10Y Aaa corporate debt


[Page 6]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
6
benchmark index is pointing to a 56bp increase in borrowing costs since the start of the year.
Mortgage rates, auto loans and credit card borrowing costs all increased for similar reasons.
This will act as a brake on economic activity over time. Auto loan and credit card delinquencies
are already on par with the rates recorded in the aftermath of the Global Financial Crisis, and
the household saving ratio is around 3pp below its long-run average of 6%. As such, this
tightening of financial conditions, amplified by the recent strengthening of the US dollar, is a
headwind for the sector.
Sector performance diverges markedly
Tariffs and energy security do boost the attractiveness of manufacturing in the US. But so does
US economic growth continuing to outperform other key markets. Between 2023 and 2026,
the US economy has grown an average of 2.5% year-on-year in volume terms versus 0.9% in
Europe.
At the same time, the US Administration believes maintaining the lead in the AI/technology
frontier is imperative for both economic and national security, given competition from China.
Rapid AI adoption is leading to robust construction of data centres, boosting electricity
demand and spurring investment across the power supply chain, from generation and
transmission to electrical equipment. In response, gas turbine manufacturers such as GE
Vernova and Caterpillar are planning major capacity expansions in the US. ABB has also
announced a $110m investment to expand production of switchgear and other electrical
components in Virginia, Puerto Rico, and North Carolina. The Trump administration's focus on
expanding US energy dominance and industrial competitiveness is increasing the appeal of
manufacturing these in the US.
As we can see in the chart below, high value-added or advanced manufacturing, within which
we group tech, electronics, transport and power-related sectors, has significantly
outperformed other sectors. We expect this story to continue. We also see defence as a sector
that should continue to post strong growth. As more countries increase military spending, US
companies may benefit from strengthening order books.
Traditional, labour-intensive, commoditised manufacturing sectors continue to shrink under
pressure from foreign competitors. Here, tariffs are not enough to provide the competitiveness
boost needed to offset the high cost of producing in the US. These US producers are also often
detrimentally impacted in foreign markets by retaliatory tariffs.
Advanced manufacturing versus traditional output (Dec 2007 =
100)


[Page 7]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
7
Source: Macrobond, ING
Modest growth disguises growing bifurcation
Business surveys point to strong order books, and we see this supporting manufacturing’s
ongoing revival. Our volume growth forecast for US manufacturing of 1.5-2% per year over the
next three years may not seem like much, but it should be seen in the context of the sluggish
activity experienced over the past 20 years. This headline forecast also masks increased
bifurcation, with advanced manufacturing growing rapidly while more traditional sectors look
set to retrench further.
Highly automated, high-value-added sectors at the forefront of the AI/technology revolution
are seen as national champions by the government and are able to absorb the relatively high
wages on offer in the US. The desire to incorporate AI advances should, in theory,
drive advances in productivity-enhancing initiatives that further support innovation. As such,
pharma, tech, transport & aerospace, electrical and power-related sectors should continue to
grow robustly.
Lower value-added production, where labour costs make up a greater share of the overall cost
base of production, will continue to struggle unless it can garner a 'made in America' premium.
Heavy industry, such as steel, is likely to be somewhere in the middle. While costs have risen,
they have risen more elsewhere. And the perception of the US as a source of reliable energy,
backed by strong political support in a higher-tariff environment, also presents opportunities
for growth.


[Page 8]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 24 September 2026
8
Author
James Knightley
Chief International Economist, US
james.knightley@ing.com
Coco Zhang
ESG Research
coco.zhang@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
