[Page 1]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
IT IS TIME FOR THE ECB TO DEPART FROM
ORTHODOXY!
23/09/2026 | FRÉDÉRIC LEROUX
Since ChatGPT burst onto the scene in late 2022, AI has both invigorated and transformed the economy. The amount of
investment needed to install AI by end-2030 is expected to be seven times greater than the investment during the internet
bubble, in constant USD.1 In Europe, the dearth of AI multinationals stands to limit the boost to the economy, but the
rearmament that Trump is imposing on the region will serve as another growth driver. Meanwhile, the increasingly frequent
extreme weather events across the northern hemisphere and the failure of carbon-emissions reduction policies will result in
heavy spending to adapt to climate change. These three factors will provide welcome sources of growth for the global economy.
What’s more, inflation has the wind in its sails: the increasingly belligerent geopolitical climate is pushing up the prices of oil and
petroleum derivatives, disrupting supply chains, and ushering anti-immigration parties into power. In the coming years, we
could therefore see strong nominal GDP growth as a result of high real GDP growth plus lastingly higher inflation. What would
this shift in macroeconomic conditions mean?   
The economic trajectory taking shape before us is very different from the one that prevailed in the previous two decades, which
were marked by weak GDP growth, anaemic inflation, persistently low interest rates, and a relentless expansion in public debt
to the point where it’s starting to look unsustainable. Given the prospect of a decent growth rate in the global economy, it could
be time to take an iconoclastic view and ask the following question: if weak GDP growth, low inflation, and low interest rates
resulted in an upswell in public debt, then wouldn’t the opposite conditions - stronger GDP growth, sticky inflation, and higher
interest rates - give us the perfect opportunity to reduce public debt? Recent experience shows this could be the case. Global
public debt fell from 100% to 93% of global GDP between 2020, at the height of the pandemic, and 20242 - a period of high
inflation and robust real GDP growth. A dig back through economic history reveals that many developed countries saw a decline
in public debt towards the end of the 30-year post-war economic boom, when both inflation and GDP growth were high. More
recently, countries including Spain, Italy, and Switzerland were able to shrink their debt levels around the turn of this century
when both components of nominal GDP growth - that is, inflation and real GDP growth - were firm.  
The mechanism behind a drop in public debt is relatively simple: a country’s debt-to-GDP ratio falls when its nominal GDP
growth is high enough above its average borrowing cost to cover its primary deficit.3 It’s also important to prevent inflation
expectations from becoming unanchored in order to keep a lid on interest rates. This combination of factors is precisely what
occurred after the pandemic. Italy, Spain, and other European countries were able to steadily reduce their public debt - a
process that’s continuing today - thanks to solid real GDP growth, resilient inflation, and a shrinking fiscal deficit. They’ve been
helped by the ECB’s policy rates, which are low relative to the inflation and economic-growth rates in those two countries. Rates
have been “too low,” but over time this decision has proved its merits. France, on the other hand, followed the opposite
trajectory - its nominal GDP growth slid to nearly its average borrowing cost, while its fiscal deficit widened and public debt
skyrocketed.  
For public debt to keep shrinking, the ECB needs to update its monetary policy and give up some of the habits it acquired when
inflation was low and economic growth was sluggish - habits that include the highly arbitrary 2% inflation target. By clinging to
this simplistic orthodoxy - which we might even say lets the ECB of the hook - the central bank risks preventing GDP from
growing at a potentially robust pace thanks to clearly identified drivers, but without achieving the goal of eliminating inflation, 


[Page 2]
PROFESSIONALS ONLY
now that inflation has become partly structural owing to confirmed demographic and geopolitical trends. In this climate, a 2%
target doesn’t make sense. The ECB’s mandate is based exclusively on price stability, which gives it little scope for
accommodating periods of high nominal GDP growth. However, the Fed’s dual mandate - based on price stability and full
employment - gives it much more flexibility in handling inflation. In fact, inflation has exceeded the Fed’s target every month for
over five years.4 GDP has grown by a total of 8.0% in the US since 20235 versus just 2.7% in the eurozone. Because the ECB
doesn’t have a US-style dual mandate and is unable to bolster nominal GDP growth since its hands are tied by an inflation
constraint, Europe could be letting a rare opportunity pass by to both kick-start GDP growth and reduce public debt.  
Revising the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union in order to change the ECB’s mandate is a long process, beginning
with a proposal for revision by one of the Member States. But such a proposal would at least have the advantage of sparking
what is a very important debate. The only battles you’re sure to lose are the ones you do not fight.
1From a comparison of TMT sector figures from the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond with McKinsey estimates for AI investment to date. The internet bubble
refers to the period from 1996 to 2001.
2Global Debt Database, International Monetary Fund, Sept. 2025.
3?d?(i-g)d+p where d = public debt; i = the average interest rate on public debt; g = nominal GDP growth (real GDP growth + inflation); and p = the primary deficit as a
% of GDP.
4Sources: US Federal Reserve and the US Bureau of Economic Analysis, Sept. 2026. Inflation measured by the year-on-year change in the PCE index. This figure has
consistently exceeded the Fed’s 2% target since March 2021.
5Sources: International Monetary Fund’s World Economic Outlook, April 2026; Bureau of Economic Analysis; and Eurostat. Total real GDP growth from 2023 to 2025.
US public debt peaked in 2020 notwithstanding the country’s spendthrift fiscal policy.
This is an advertising document. This article may not be reproduced, in whole or in part, without prior authorisation from the management company. It does not
constitute a subscription offer, nor does it constitute investment advice. The information contained in this article may be partial information and may be modified
without prior notice. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Reference to certain securities and financial instruments is for illustrative
purposes to highlight stocks that are or have been included in the portfolios of funds in the Carmignac range. This is not intended to promote direct investment in
those instruments, nor does it constitute investment advice. The Management Company is not subject to prohibition on trading in these instruments prior to issuing
any communication. The portfolios of Carmignac funds may change without previous notice. In the United Kingdom, this article was prepared by Carmignac Gestion,
Carmignac Gestion Luxembourg or Carmignac UK Ltd and is being distributed in the UK by Carmignac Gestion Luxembourg.
