[Page 1]
For use by institutional investors only. Not for use with the general public. 
In Scotland, we are delivering robotic surgery across the country and across 
many cancer specialties. Robotic surgery is bringing huge benefits to surgeons, 
healthcare systems and patients. For surgeons, platforms like Intuitive 
Surgical’s da Vinci 5 console bring greater precision, greater consistency and 
better real-time insights. This minimises trauma, speeds up recovery times and 
lowers readmission rates for patients. It also reduces the burden on healthcare 
systems, which benefit from increasingly granular patient and surgical data 
produced by platforms such as the da Vinci.
This is an exciting and evolving field. Intuitive has a head start but competition 
is increasing as patents expire, technology improves and the pace of AI 
adoption accelerates. 
Key takeaways
•	 Robotic surgery delivers proven benefits in precision,  
recovery times and overall healthcare system efficiency
•	 Data, AI and feedback systems are driving incremental 
improvements in outcomes and surgical training
•	 Growth extends beyond surgery into diagnostics, AI and more 
scalable, globally accessible care
Robotic surgery’s next frontier
Campbell Roxburgh, professor and consultant surgeon
1  •  R O B O T I C S U R G E R Y ’ S N E X T F R O N T I E R  •  S E P T E M B E R 2 0 2 6
“Technology will 
impact and influence 
every part of the 
healthcare system”


[Page 2]
There is a clear competitive challenge from Chinese companies, which are developing 
technology at pace and at lower prices, and this trend is expected to continue over the 
next 5-10 years, although there may be regulatory and data privacy barriers around the 
adoption of Chinese technology in the US and the UK. 
Against this backdrop, the key for companies like Intuitive is to stay ahead of the 
innovation curve and they are doing so by diversifying beyond surgery to diagnostics, 
which is another area of huge potential for robotics to improve processes. 
Data is informing new functionality and powering innovation. For example, the  
da Vinci 5’s feedback technology uses data to measure how tightly the surgeon is 
grasping the tissue during an operation. This is an entirely new measurement which 
will reduce trauma in surgery and feed directly into post-operative outcomes. Intuitive 
also has an app, the equivalent of the exercise app Strava for surgeons, that analyses 
and compares clinical performance, delivering real-time feedback about the operation. 
Technology such as this has great potential for training the next generation of 
surgeons, in the same way that airline pilots use flight simulators. 
Doctors and patients are also now using AI platforms or apps to question things. 
There are lots of ways in which technology will accelerate the diagnostics and 
administration processes at scale and speed up patient interactions within healthcare 
in the future.
Robotics is a good example of a big-ticket piece of equipment that’s made a big impact 
in a short time but there is huge potential for many other technologies to shape the 
healthcare system in a variety of ways. As AI adoption and compute power increase, 
technology will impact and influence every part of the healthcare system.
Campbell (left), interviewed by 
investment manager Des Armstrong, 
explains the remarkable advances in 
robotic surgery and the possibilities 
they offer for future patient care
2  •  R O B O T I C S U R G E R Y ’ S N E X T F R O N T I E R  •  S E P T E M B E R 2 0 2 6


[Page 3]
Walter Scott & Partners Limited, One Charlotte Square, Edinburgh EH2 4DR
Tel: +44 (0)131 225 1357  ·  Fax: +44 (0)131 225 7997
www.walterscott.com
Registered in Scotland 93685. Registered Office as above. 
Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
FCA Head Office: 12 Endeavour Square, London E20 1JN · www.fca.org.uk
Important information
This article is provided for general information only and should not be construed as investment advice or a 
recommendation. This information does not represent and must not be construed as an offer or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy or sell securities, commodities and/or any other financial instruments or products. This document may not 
be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such an offer or 
solicitation is unlawful or not authorised.
Stock examples
The information provided in this article relating to stock examples should not be considered a recommendation to buy  
or sell any particular security. Any examples discussed are given in the context of the theme being explored.
1.0_COM002931-015_17/07/2026
Looking over the next decade or so, robotic surgery will continue to improve, reinforce 
learning and drive better behaviours. Consoles will become more agile, and I envisage 
closer integration of AI with other digital technology. You could even imagine a scenario 
in which patients can pick a surgeon from anywhere in the world to perform their 
operation, and the surgeon will use a local console to perform the procedure remotely. 
Campbell spoke at the Walter Scott Research Conference in May 2026. This article 
was written in June 2026 and forms part of the 2026 edition of our Research Journal.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not 
necessarily reflect the position of Walter Scott.
