[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Nordic Alert
24 September 2026
Central bank bonanza in Scandinavia
Global key stories
There were large movements in the financial markets yesterday, and once again statistics from the US
show unexpected resilience and strength despite obvious growth risks linked to the Middle East.
Yesterday's message of strength came from the PMI, where manufacturing but especially the service
sector surprised with further gains. If you disregard the large movements during the pandemic, we have to
go back to 2015 before we find correspondingly high PMI figures, even the euro area showed surprisingly
strong PMI numbers The combination of a continued strong economy together with high energy prices lifts
expectations of policy rate hikes further and US Treasury yields rose by 15 basis points, both the 2- and
10-year. Weak demand for an auction and Fed statements about the need for more rate hikes also
contributed to rising yields. The US 10-year yield is now trading around 5.11%. European yields followed
suit but the increase stayed just below 10 basis points. The rise in yields turned the stock markets
downwards and the US indices fell around 1 percent. The decline in Europe was lower, but stock market
futures point to a continued decline today. Stock markets in Asia are also falling except in Tokyo, where the
Nikkei is up by over 1%.
Export ban on diesel remains on the agenda. The resilience of the real economy lifted oil prices
yesterday, but reports of successful transports through the Strait of Hormuz have reversed the trend
overnight. Worse still, discussions about a US export ban on diesel seem to be continuing. Yesterday, diesel
futures in the US fell on the data, while the corresponding figure in Europe rose sharply. The oil industry
gives the thumbs down, and also points out that it could have the effect of making petrol more expensive.
However, nothing has been decided.
Today's agenda is packed with central bank decisions and surveys on the state of the economy. Eyes are
also turned to New York and the UN annual meeting, where Trump has now given Xi a tarmac welcomed.
At the same time, Finance Minister Bessent announced a two-month extension of the "trade peace" with
China.
Norges Bank is raising interest rates, but there is considerable uncertainty. Norges Bank has
previously indicated a need for higher interest rates, but more favourable inflation outcomes have raised
questions about whether the need really exists. We expect it to still fall into a hike and that the interest
rate path will continue to indicate a hike going forward, but we also note that expectations for the day are
split and see the decision as 50/50, see preview here.
Nordic key stories
Unchanged from the Riksbank, but guidance going forward is super important. We expect the
Riksbank to keep the policy rate unchanged today, but that the inflation risk still means that the interest
rate path indicates a 60% probability of a hike in the next three meetings. The good starting point means
that the Riksbank has the opportunity to take more information into account, but developments in recent
weeks have contributed to a policy rate hike creeping closer. Both the monetary policy report, but above
all the press conference, will be extremely important to scrutinize. See the preview here, the investor
survey here and the trader floor survey here.


[Page 2]
Nordic Alert
24 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
Today's key events
For graphs and analysis of the week's most important data, click here
Market data


[Page 3]
Nordic Alert
24 September 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
 
Marcus Widén
Economist, Sweden & Euro area
marcus.widen@seb.se
+46706391057
