[Page 1]
24 September 2026, 04:30 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Build resilience through portfolio diversification
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Matthew Carter, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch
Teck Leng Tan, CFA, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Giovanni Staunovo, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Maxime Botteron, Economist, UBS Switzerland AG
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
From the studio
Video: Top of Mind in APAC | What Fed hikes mean for Asian assets
(6 mins)
Video: Mark Haefele on why the equity rally can continue (3 mins)
Video: Allocating Assets | Opportunities in equities and bonds (7 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why we still like Japanese equities (5 mins)
Thought of the day
Brent crude oil rose on Wednesday amid a lack of progress in US-Iran 
discussions, while strong US economic data added to inflation concerns. 
Together with a weak five-year US Treasury auction, Treasury yields saw a 
sharp rise across the curve. The 10-year yield topped 5.1% for the first time 
since 2007, weighing on broader risk sentiment and sending equities lower.
Our base case is for energy disruption to remain relatively limited and an 
inflation shock that does not become sufficiently broad or persistent to derail 
economic growth. We continue to recommend positioning for further equity 
upside.
But the latest market movements showed that volatility is likely to continue, 
as investors remain concerned over a range of risks, including geopolitical 
developments, inflation, government debt, and the sustainability of AI capex. 
In our view, building portfolio resilience is equally important while staying 
invested.
Utilize capital preservation strategies to manage potential volatility.
Investors seeking to retain equity exposure while limiting losses in a market 
setback can consider capital preservation strategies. These approaches can 
be tailored to investors’ desired level of hedging, participation in potential 
gains, and investment horizon. They may be particularly relevant for investors 
with concentrated positions, a low tolerance for drawdowns, or upcoming 
liquidity needs. Investors should be mindful that the terms offered depend 
partly on market conditions, while repayment remains subject to the issuer’s 
creditworthiness.
Consider exposure to broad commodities. Broad commodities can 
strengthen portfolio resilience by providing exposure to real assets to hedge 
against inflation, supply disruptions, or geopolitical stress. Investors can 
allocate across energy, industrial metals, agriculture, and precious metals, 
  
What to watch: 24 September
• Swiss National Bank policy decision
• Germany Ifo business climate in 
September
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS AG London Branch. Please see 
important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
Daily EMEA
whose distinct supply-and-demand drivers may produce different sources of 
return over the economic cycle. We favor actively managed strategies that 
can adapt as leadership shifts, control implementation costs, and concentrate 
on the most promising opportunities. In our view, a mid- to high-single-digit 
allocation may provide meaningful diversification without adding excessive 
portfolio risk, although the appropriate weight will depend on each investor’s 
objectives, risk tolerance, market outlook, and existing real-asset exposure.
Build allocation to alternatives for less-correlated return and income 
streams. Alternatives can broaden portfolio return drivers when equities and 
bonds move more closely together. Hedge funds can pursue opportunities 
across rising, falling, and dislocated markets, while private equity can provide 
access to long-term growth themes and private infrastructure can generate 
resilient, potentially inflation-linked income. Investors should diversify across 
strategies, managers, sectors, regions, and vintages, and align their allocation 
with their objectives, risk tolerance, and liquidity needs. Manager selection 
is critical given wide differences in performance, fees, and leverage, while 
investors should take into account risks including lower transparency and 
liquidity.
So, rather than reacting to each change in the geopolitical or market 
outlook, investors should focus on building portfolios that can perform 
across a range of scenarios. Maintaining equity exposure while incorporating 
capital preservation strategies, broad commodities, and alternatives can help 
manage downside risks, broaden return sources, and build portfolios that are 
better equipped to withstand periods of volatility.
Caught our attention
Will the SNB surprise markets? The Swiss National Bank (SNB) is expected 
to hold interest rates unchanged at 0% at today's policy meeting. Although 
August inflation surprised to the upside with a 0.8% year-over-year rise, 
versus 0.5% expected, the market is pricing in a probability of less than 10% 
of a 25-basis-point hike today. Since the last meeting in June, the Swiss franc 
has depreciated by more than 2% against the euro and by more than 1% 
against the US dollar, as both the European Central Bank and the Federal 
Reserve turned hawkish. As a result, the key focus today will be on the SNB’s 
communication regarding a potential hike in December.
Our view: Current inflation and economic activity in Switzerland do not signal 
an urgent need for the SNB to raise rates, in our view, and our base case 
is a 25-basis-point hike in June next year. However, higher energy prices, a 
closing output gap, and franc weakness have increased the risk of an earlier 
move and potentially further tightening thereafter. A stronger SNB focus on 
inflation, an acknowledgment that economic growth has recovered, and less 
emphasis on foreign exchange intervention would increase the likelihood of 
faster monetary policy normalization.
White House denies diesel export-ban report. The White House has 
denied a media report that it is preparing a 90-day ban on US diesel 
exports. A White House official described the report as incorrect, while Energy 
Secretary Chris Wright said no blanket ban was under consideration and 
that discussions were focused instead on voluntary ways to increase diesel 
supply. The clarification followed comments from President Donald Trump 
supporting limits on diesel exports and a Politico report that a temporary 
ban was being prepared as US retail diesel prices reached a record high this 
month. The US exported a record 1.6 million barrels a day of diesel in August, 
according to Kpler data cited by Reuters, helping supply markets strained by 
reduced Russian and Middle Eastern refining and export capacity.
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
Daily EMEA
Our view: An export ban could lower US diesel prices temporarily, but would 
not address the global supply constraints behind the price rise and could 
ultimately prove counterproductive. In fact, lower domestic diesel prices 
would compress refinery margins, leading them to adjust their product 
slate and reduce diesel production. Over time, this could tighten domestic 
diesel supply and offset much of the initial price relief. The policy could 
also exacerbate shortages in key importing regions, particularly Europe, 
while raising questions about the reliability of the US as an energy supplier. 
A similar refined-product export ban was considered in 2022 under the 
Biden administration but ultimately rejected due to the potential negative 
consequences. For investors, we maintain a moderately constructive outlook 
for crude oil prices given the persistent uncertainty in the Middle East and 
lower global inventories. We also favor actively managed, broad commodity 
exposure spanning energy, industrial metals, agriculture, and precious metals.
Singapore dollar should be supported by policy tailwinds. Singapore’s 
inflation accelerated in August for a third consecutive month, with core 
inflation rising 2.2% year over year, its highest level in nearly two years. The 
Singapore dollar weakened against the US dollar, with the USDSGD trading 
at 1.28 at the time of writing. Nevertheless, the SGD stands out as one of 
the few APAC currencies to appreciate against the US dollar this year amid 
broad USD strength, gaining around 1% compared to a roughly 0.6% drop 
across the APAC currency complex. Singapore’s resilient growth, driven by the 
ongoing AI investment cycle, has supported the currency, while heightened 
geopolitical uncertainty has also strengthened its safe-haven appeal.
Our view: The latest inflation number underpins our view that the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (MAS) is likely to tighten monetary policy further at 
its October meeting. We expect the USDSGD to decline gradually over the 
next 12 months to 1.25, supported by both sides of the currency pair. A 
steeper MAS-managed appreciation path should underpin SGD resilience, 
while fewer Federal Reserve hikes than markets have currently priced in 
should leave scope for USD weakness. For USD-based investors, we continue 
to see the SGD as an attractive diversification currency, supported by its 
historically low volatility and the appreciation bias embedded in Singapore's 
exchange-rate framework. We also favor selective exposure to the GBP, NOK, 
and CNY.
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
Daily EMEA
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
Daily EMEA
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
