[Page 1]
ab
24 September 2026
Global Research
Global Macro Chart of the Day
(#159): How restrictive is global monetary 
policy?
About as neutral as it gets
As more central banks tighten to guard against spillovers from energy-driven inflation, a 
question we get asked a lot is where policy rates are relative to 'neutral' (r*). This long-
run equilibrium policy rate is unobservable but it's where the policy rate would be if it 
were neither too tight nor too loose, and the economy were at full employment and 
inflation on target.  The problem is that these estimates come with confidence bands, 
often several hundred basis points wide, which limits their usefulness for policy. Even so, 
r* can be a useful communication device, especially when rates are unusually high or 
low, because it provides a sense of where policy might eventually converge.
That is not really the situation today. The median deviation from r* in advanced 
economies (DM) is -25bp and in emerging markets (EM) +38bp. In DM, roughly half of 
economies are below neutral and half above, but other than Hong Kong no economy 
appears clearly outside neutral ranges. Switzerland, Sweden and Japan are the most 
accommodative (75-80bp below neutral), while Hong Kong and the US are the most 
restrictive. Even in the US, however, fed funds is only around 100bp above the midpoint 
estimate of r*, placing policy at most modestly restrictive once estimation uncertainty is 
taken into account. In EM, 12 economies are above neutral and six below. Only 
Colombia (+590bp) and Brazil (+375bp) appear clearly restrictive. Most of the rest are 
within 100bp of neutral, effectively too close to distinguish from neutral given the 
uncertainty around the estimates. China is the most accommodative, with policy around 
160bp below our estimate of neutral.
Another way to frame the issue is to look at policy changes since February, when energy 
markets began to deteriorate. Aside from Colombia, Indonesia and the Philippines, no 
central bank has tightened by more than 50bp and most remain close to neutral. This 
contrasts sharply with 2022-23, when policymakers responded much more aggressively 
to the energy and supply-chain shock. Central banks appear considerably more cautious 
today, reflecting both less tight labour markets and perhaps the hope that this  
inflationary shock will prove smaller and more temporary than the last one.
Figure 1: Policy rates compared to long run neutral (r*)
Pol
icy ra
tes
 co
mpa red to lo ng 
run
 neu
tra l ( r*)
Source: Haver, UBS  [The estimates for r* shown are generally mid-points of model-based ranges - either our own 
models or those of central banks - and that the uncertainty band around those estimates can be very wide.]
This report has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch. ANALYST CERTIFICATION AND REQUIRED DISCLOSURES, including 
information on the Quantitative Research Review published by UBS, begin on page 3. 
Economics
Global
Arend Kapteyn
Economist
arend.kapteyn@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 0531


[Page 2]
Global Macro Chart of the Day 24 September 2026
ab 2
Valuation Method and Risk Statement
Risks of multi-asset investing include but are not limited to market risk, credit risk, interest rate 
risk, and foreign exchange risk. Correlations of returns among different asset classes may 
deviate from historical patterns. Geopolitical events and policy shocks pose risks that can 
reduce asset returns. Valuations may be adversely affected during times of high market 
volatility, thin liquidity, and economic dislocation.


[Page 3]
Global Macro Chart of the Day 24 September 2026
ab 3
Required Disclosures
This document has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch, an affiliate of UBS AG. UBS AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, 
including former Credit Suisse AG and its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates are referred to herein as "UBS".
For information on the ways in which UBS manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS Global Research product; 
historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research recommendations; and terms and 
conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://www.ubs.com/disclosures. Unless otherwise 
indicated, information and data in this report are based on company disclosures including but not limited to annual, interim, quarterly 
reports and other company announcements. The figures contained in performance charts refer to the past; past performance is not a 
reliable indicator of future results. Additional information will be made available upon request. UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to 
conduct securities investment consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS acts or may act as principal 
in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that may be the subject of this report. This recommendation was finalized on: 24 
September 2026 12:00 AM GMT. UBS has designated certain UBS Global Research department members as Derivatives Research 
Analysts where those department members publish research principally on the analysis of the price or market for a derivative, and 
provide information reasonably sufficient upon which to base a decision to enter into a derivatives transaction. Where Derivatives 
Research Analysts co-author research reports with Equity Research Analysts or Economists, the Derivatives Research Analyst is 
responsible for the derivatives investment views, forecasts, and/or recommendations. Quantitative Research Review: UBS Global 
Research publishes a quantitative assessment of its analysts' responses to certain questions about the likelihood of an occurrence of a 
number of short term factors in a product known as the 'Quantitative Research Review'. Views contained in this assessment on a 
particular stock reflect only the views on those short term factors which are a different timeframe to the 12-month timeframe reflected 
in any equity rating set out in this note. For the latest responses, please see the Quantitative Research Review Addendum at the back of 
this report, where applicable. For previous responses please make reference to (i) previous UBS Global Research reports; and (ii) where 
no applicable research report was published that month, the Quantitative Research Review which can be found at https://
neo.ubs.com/quantitative, or contact your UBS sales representative for access to the report or the Quantitative Research Team on ubs-
quant-answers@ubs.com.  A consolidated report which contains all responses is also available and again you should contact your UBS 
sales representative for details and pricing or the Quantitative Research team on the email above.
Analyst Certification: 
Each research analyst primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with respect to each 
security or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his or her personal views about 
those securities or issuers and were prepared in an independent manner, including with respect to UBS, and (2) no part of his or her 
compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by that research 
analyst in the research report.
Research analysts contributing to this report who are employed by any non-US affiliate of UBS Securities LLC are not registered/
qualified as research analysts with FINRA. Such analysts may not be associated persons of UBS Securities LLC and therefore are not 
subject to the FINRA restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances, and trading securities held by a 
research analyst account. The name of each affiliate and analyst employed by that affiliate contributing to this report, if any, follows.
UBS AG London Branch: Arend Kapteyn.
Unless otherwise indicated, please refer to the Valuation and Risk sections within the body of this report. For a complete set of 
disclosure statements associated with the companies discussed in this report, including information on valuation and risk, please 
contact UBS Securities LLC, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, USA, Attention: Investment Research.


[Page 4]
Global Macro Chart of the Day 24 September 2026
ab 4
UBS Global Research Disclaimer
This document has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch, an affiliate of UBS AG. UBS AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates, including former Credit 
Suisse AG and its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates are referred to herein as "UBS".
Any opinions expressed in this document may change without notice and are only current as of the date of publication. Different areas, groups, and personnel 
within UBS may produce and distribute separate research products independently of each other. For example, research publications from UBS CIO are produced 
by UBS Global Wealth Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems of each separate 
research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a 
consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price 
targets, and valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant research 
product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products from every organization. Each research product 
is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
This document is provided solely to recipients who are expressly authorized by UBS to receive it. If you are not so authorized you must 
immediately destroy the document.
UBS Global Research is provided to our clients through UBS Neo, and in certain instances, UBS.com and any other system or distribution method specifically 
identified in one or more communications distributed through UBS Neo or UBS.com (each a system) as an approved means for distributing UBS Global Research. 
It may also be made available through third party vendors and distributed by UBS and/or third parties via e-mail or alternative electronic means.
All UBS Global Research is available on UBS Neo. Please contact your UBS sales representative if you wish to discuss your access to UBS Neo. Where UBS Global 
Research refers to "UBS Evidence Lab Inside" or has made use of data provided by UBS Evidence Lab and you would like to access that data please contact your 
UBS sales representative. UBS Evidence Lab data is available on UBS Neo. The level and types of services provided by UBS Global Research and UBS Evidence Lab to 
a client may vary depending upon various factors such as a client's individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communications, a client's 
risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., market wide, sector specific, long-term, short-term, etc.), the size and scope of the overall client 
relationship with UBS Global Research and UBS Evidence Lab and legal and regulatory constraints. UBS HOLT and UBS Pharma Values are offerings of UBS Global 
Research. HOLT Lens is a corporate performance platform offering that provides an objective accounting-led framework for comparing and valuing companies 
and is available to clients of UBS Global Research; for further details and pricing please contact your UBS Sales representative. In particular, HOLT has a variety of 
warranted prices based on the scenario chosen; please mail UBS Securities LLC, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, USA, Attention: Investment Research, 
if you are interested in the warranted price on a particular company, again subject to commercial considerations. UBS Pharma Values is an analytical tool that 
involves the creation of a number of individual product net present value calculations, based on published forecasts of sales for pharmaceuticals, and is available 
to clients of UBS Global Research; for further details and pricing please contact your UBS Sales representative. For all other specific disclaimers, please see https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
When you receive UBS Global Research through a system, your access and/or use of such UBS Global Research is subject to this UBS Global Research Disclaimer 
and to the UBS Neo Platform Use Agreement (the "Neo Terms") together with any other relevant terms of use governing the applicable System.
When you receive UBS Global Research via a third party vendor, e-mail or other electronic means, you agree that use shall be subject to this UBS Global Research 
Disclaimer, the Neo Terms and where applicable the UBS Investment Bank terms of business (https://www.ubs.com/global/en/investment-bank/regulatory.html) 
and to UBS's Terms of Use/Disclaimer (https://www.ubs.com/global/en/legalinfo2/disclaimer.html). In addition, you consent to UBS processing your personal data 
and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Statement (https://www.ubs.com/global/en/legalinfo2/privacy.html) and cookie notice (https://www.ubs.com/
global/en/legal/privacy/users.html).
If you receive UBS Global Research, whether through a System or by any other means, you agree that you shall not copy, revise, amend, create a 
derivative work, provide to any third party, or in any way commercially exploit any UBS research provided via UBS Global Research or otherwise, 
and that you shall not extract data from any research or estimates provided to you via UBS Global Research or otherwise, without the prior 
written consent of UBS. You agree not to use UBS Global Research in any artificial intelligence system, without the prior written consent of UBS. 
In certain circumstances you may receive UBS Global Research otherwise than in the capacity of a client of UBS and you understand and agree that under these 
circumstances (i) the UBS Global Research is provided to you for information purposes only; (ii) for the purposes of receiving it you are not intended to be and will 
not be treated as a “client” of UBS for any legal or regulatory purpose; (iii) the UBS Global Research must not be relied on or acted upon for any purpose; and (iv) 
such content is subject to the relevant disclaimers that follow.
This document is for distribution only as may be permitted by law. It is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen 
or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or 
regulation or would subject UBS to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This document is a general communication and is educational in nature; it is not an advertisement nor is it a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any financial 
instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Nothing in this document constitutes a representation that any investment strategy or 
recommendation is suitable or appropriate to an investor’s individual circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation. By providing this 
document, none of UBS or its representatives has any responsibility or authority to provide or have provided investment advice in a fiduciary capacity or otherwise. 
Investments involve risks, and investors should exercise prudence and their own judgment in making their investment decisions. None of UBS or its representatives 
is suggesting that the recipient or any other person take a specific course of action or any action at all. The recipient should carefully read this document in its 
entirety and not draw inferences or conclusions from the rating alone. By receiving this document, the recipient acknowledges and agrees with the intended 
purpose described above and further disclaims any expectation or belief that the information constitutes investment advice to the recipient or otherwise purports 
to meet the investment objectives of the recipient. The financial instruments described in the document may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain 
categories of investors.
Options, structured derivative products and futures (including OTC derivatives) are not suitable for all investors. Trading in these instruments is considered risky 
and may be appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options, you must receive a 
copy of "The Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options." You may read the document at https://www.theocc.com/publications/risks/riskchap1.jsp or ask 
your salesperson for a copy. Various theoretical explanations of the risks associated with these instruments have been published. Supporting documentation for 
any claims, comparisons, recommendations, statistics or other technical data will be supplied upon request. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of 
future results. Transaction costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchases and sales of options, such as spreads and straddles. Because 
of the importance of tax considerations to many options transactions, the investor considering options should consult with his/her tax advisor as to how taxes 
affect the outcome of contemplated options transactions.
Mortgage and asset-backed securities may involve a high degree of risk and may be highly volatile in response to fluctuations in interest rates or other market 
conditions. Foreign currency rates of exchange may adversely affect the value, price or income of any security or related instrument referred to in the document. 
For investment advice, trade execution or other enquiries, clients should contact their local sales representative.
UBS notes that no globally accepted framework or definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) currently exists, nor is there a market consensus as to what 
constitutes an “ESG” (Environmental, Social or Governance) or an equivalent-label, or as to what precise attributes are required for the Information (as defined 
below) to be defined as ESG or equivalently-labelled. Any information, data or other content including from a third party source contained, referred to herein or 
used for whatsoever purpose by UBS or a third party (“Information”), in relation to any actual or potential ESG objective, issue or consideration is not intended to 
be relied upon for ESG classification, regulatory regime or industry initiative purposes (“ESG Regimes”). Nothing in these materials is intended to convey, suggest 
or indicate that UBS considers or represents any product, service, person or body mentioned in these materials as meeting or qualifying for any ESG classification, 
labelling or similar standards that may exist under the ESG Regimes. UBS has not conducted any assessment of compliance with ESG Regimes. Parties are 
reminded to make their own assessments for these purposes.
The value of any investment or income may go down as well as up, and investors may not get back the full (or any) amount invested. Past performance is not 
necessarily a guide to future performance. Neither UBS nor any of its directors, employees or agents accepts any liability for any loss (including investment loss) or 
damage arising out of the use of all or any of the Information.
Prior to making any investment or financial decisions, any recipient of this document or the information should take steps to understand the risk and return of the 
investment and seek individualized advice from his or her personal financial, legal, tax and other professional advisors that takes into account all the particular 
facts and circumstances of his or her investment objectives.
Any prices stated in this document are for information purposes only and do not represent valuations for individual securities or other financial instruments. There 
is no representation that any transaction can or could have been effected at those prices, and any prices do not necessarily reflect UBS's internal books and 
records or theoretical model-based valuations and may be based on certain assumptions. Different assumptions by UBS or any other source may yield substantially 
different results.
No representation or warranty, either expressed or implied, is provided in relation to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the information contained in any 
materials to which this document relates (the "Information"), except with respect to Information concerning UBS. The Information is not intended to be a 
complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the document. UBS does not undertake to update or keep current the 


[Page 5]
Global Macro Chart of the Day 24 September 2026
ab 5
Information. Any statements contained in this report attributed to a third party represent UBS's interpretation of the data, information and/or opinions provided 
by that third party either publicly or through a subscription service, and such use and interpretation have not been reviewed by the third party. In no circumstances 
may this document or any of the Information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following 
purposes:
(i) valuation or accounting purposes;
(ii) to determine the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or
(iii) to measure the performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of 
defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees.
By receiving this document and the Information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or any of the Information 
for any of the above purposes or otherwise rely upon this document or any of the Information.
UBS has policies and procedures, which include, without limitation, independence policies and permanent information barriers, that are intended, and upon 
which UBS relies, to manage potential conflicts of interest and control the flow of information within divisions of UBS and among its subsidiaries, branches and 
affiliates. UBS does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a 
conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
For further information on the ways in which UBS Global Research manages conflicts and maintains independence of its research products, historical performance 
information and certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research recommendations, please visit https://www.ubs.com/disclosures.
UBS Global Research will initiate, update and cease coverage solely at the discretion of UBS Global Research Management, which will also have sole discretion on 
the timing and frequency of any published research product. The analysis contained in this document is based on numerous assumptions. All material information 
in relation to published research reports, such as valuation methodology, risk statements, underlying assumptions (including sensitivity analysis of those 
assumptions), ratings history etc. as required by the Market Abuse Regulation, can be found on UBS Neo. Different assumptions could result in materially different 
results.
UBS Global Research may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this 
document has undergone human review.
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this document may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other parties for the purpose of 
gathering, applying and interpreting market information. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas 
within UBS into other areas, units, groups or affiliates of UBS. The compensation of the analyst who prepared this document is determined exclusively by UBS 
Global Research management and senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking revenues; 
however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS and/or its divisions as a whole, of which investment banking, sales and trading are a part, and UBS as 
a whole.
For financial instruments admitted to trading on an EU regulated market: UBS (excluding UBS Securities LLC) acts as a market maker or liquidity provider (in 
accordance with the interpretation of these terms under English law or, if not carried out by UBS in the UK the law of the relevant jurisdiction in which UBS 
determines it carries out the activity) in the financial instruments of the issuer save that where the activity of liquidity provider is carried out in accordance with the 
definition given to it by the laws and regulations of any other EU jurisdictions, such information is separately disclosed in this document. For financial instruments 
admitted to trading on a non-EU regulated market: UBS may act as a market maker save that where this activity is carried out in the US in accordance with the 
definition given to it by the relevant laws and regulations, such activity will be specifically disclosed in this document. UBS may have issued a warrant the value of 
which is based on one or more of the financial instruments referred to in the document. UBS and its affiliates and employees may have long or short positions, 
trade as principal and buy and sell in instruments or derivatives identified herein; such transactions or positions may be inconsistent with the opinions expressed in 
this document.
Within the past 12 months UBS may have received or provided investment services and activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to 
a payment or promise of a payment in relation to these services from or to this company.
Please note that all transactions conducted by UBS are consistent with sanctions regulations imposed by Switzerland, the European Union, the United Nations, the 
United Kingdom and the United States, per UBS' global sanctions policy. UBS opinion as to future investment worthiness assumes no new sanctions are imposed.
US persons are prohibited from purchasing or selling securities of certain companies designated as being associated with the Chinese Military in accordance with 
the amended US Presidential Executive Order 13959.
United Kingdom: This material is distributed by UBS AG, London Branch to persons who are eligible counterparties or professional clients. UBS AG, London 
Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority. Europe: Except as otherwise specified herein, these materials are distributed by UBS Europe SE, a subsidiary of UBS AG, to persons who are 
eligible counterparties or professional clients (as detailed in the Bundesanstalt fur Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) Rules and according to MIFID) and are only 
available to such persons. The information does not apply to, and should not be relied upon by, retail clients. UBS Europe SE is authorised by the European Central 
Bank (ECB) and regulated by the BaFin and the ECB. Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Belgium and Ireland: Where an analyst of UBS Europe SE has 
contributed to this document, the document is also deemed to have been prepared by UBS Europe SE. In all cases it is distributed by UBS Europe SE and UBS AG, 
London Branch. Turkey: Distributed by UBS AG, London Branch. No information in this document is provided for the purpose of offering, marketing and sale by 
any means of any capital market instruments and services in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this document may not be considered as an offer made or to be 
made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. UBS AG, London Branch is not licensed by the Turkish Capital Market Board under the provisions of the Capital 
Market Law (Law No. 6362). Accordingly, neither this document nor any other offering material related to the instruments/services may be utilized in connection 
with providing any capital market services to persons within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the Capital Market Board. However, according to 
article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No. 32, there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of the securities abroad by residents of the Republic of Turkey. Poland: 
Distributed by UBS Europe SE (spolka z ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia) Oddzial w Polsce. Where an analyst of UBS Europe SE (spolka z ograniczona 
odpowiedzialnoscia) Oddzial w Polsce has contributed to this document, the document is also deemed to have been prepared by UBS Europe SE (spolka z 
ograniczona odpowiedzialnoscia) Oddzial w Polsce. Russia: Prepared and distributed by UBS Bank (OOO). Should not be construed as an individual Investment 
Recommendation for the purpose of the Russian Law - Federal Law #39-FZ ON THE SECURITIES MARKET Articles 6.1-6.2.Switzerland: Distributed by UBS AG to 
persons who are institutional investors only. UBS AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). Italy: Prepared by UBS Europe SE 
and distributed by UBS Europe SE and UBS Europe SE, Italy Branch. Where an analyst of UBS Europe SE, Italy Branch has contributed to this document, the 
document is also deemed to have been prepared by UBS Europe SE, Italy Branch. France: Prepared by UBS Europe SE and distributed by UBS Europe SE and UBS 
Europe SE, France Branch. Where an analyst of UBS Europe SE, France Branch has contributed to this document, the document is also deemed to have been 
prepared by UBS Europe SE, France Branch.  Spain: Prepared by UBS Europe SE and distributed by UBS Europe SE and UBS Europe SE, Spain Branch. Where an 
analyst of UBS Europe SE, Spain Branch has contributed to this document, the document is also deemed to have been prepared by UBS Europe SE, Spain Branch.  
Sweden: Prepared by UBS Europe SE and distributed by UBS Europe SE and UBS Europe SE, Sweden Branch. Where an analyst of UBS Europe SE, Sweden Branch 
has contributed to this document, the document is also deemed to have been prepared by UBS Europe SE, Sweden Branch. South Africa: Distributed by UBS 
South Africa (Pty) Limited (Registration No. 1995/011140/07), an authorised user of the JSE and an authorised Financial Services Provider (FSP 7328). Saudi 
Arabia: This document has been issued by UBS AG (and/or any of its subsidiaries, branches or affiliates), a public company limited by shares, incorporated in 
Switzerland with its registered offices at Aeschenvorstadt 1, CH-4051 Basel and Bahnhofstrasse 45, CH-8001 Zurich. This publication has been approved by UBS 
Saudi Arabia (a subsidiary of UBS AG), a Saudi closed joint stock company incorporated in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia under commercial register number 
1010257812 having its registered office at Tatweer Towers, P.O. Box 75724, Riyadh 11588, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorized and 
regulated by the Capital Market Authority to conduct securities business under license number 08113-37. UAE / Dubai: The information distributed by UBS AG 
Dubai Branch is only intended for Professional Clients and/or Market Counterparties, as classified under the DFSA rulebook. No other person should act upon this 
material/communication. The information is not for further distribution within the United Arab Emirates. UBS AG Dubai Branch is regulated by the DFSA in the 
DIFC. UBS is not licensed to provide banking services in the UAE by the Central Bank of the UAE, nor is it licensed by the UAE Securities and Commodities 
Authority.  Israel: This Material is distributed by UBS AG, London Branch. UBS Securities Israel Ltd is a licensed Investment Marketer that is supervised by the Israel 
Securities Authority (ISA). UBS AG, London Branch and its affiliates incorporated outside Israel are not licensed under the Israeli Advisory Law. UBS may engage 
among others in issuance of Financial Assets or in distribution of Financial Assets of other issuers for fees or other benefits. UBS AG, London Branch and its 
affiliates may prefer various Financial Assets to which they have or may have an Affiliation (as such term is defined under the Israeli Advisory Law). Nothing in this 
Material should be considered as investment advice under the Israeli Advisory Law. This Material is being issued only to and/or is directed only at persons who are 
Eligible Clients within the meaning of the Israeli Advisory Law, and this Material must not be furnished to, relied on or acted upon by any other persons. United 
States: Distributed to US persons by either UBS Securities LLC or by UBS Financial Services Inc., subsidiaries of UBS AG; or by a group, subsidiary or affiliate of UBS 
AG that is not registered as a US broker-dealer (a ‘non-US affiliate’) to major US institutional investors only. UBS Securities LLC or UBS Financial Services Inc. 
accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared by another non-US affiliate when distributed to US persons by UBS Securities LLC or UBS Financial 
Services Inc. All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report must be effected through UBS Securities LLC or UBS Financial Services Inc., 
and not through a non-US affiliate. UBS Securities LLC is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of 
Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule"), and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not 
constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule. Canada: Distributed by UBS Securities Canada Inc., a registered investment dealer in Canada 
and a Member-Canadian Investor Protection Fund, or by another affiliate of UBS AG that is registered to conduct business in Canada or is otherwise exempt from 


[Page 6]
Global Macro Chart of the Day 24 September 2026
ab 6
registration. Brazil: Except as otherwise specified herein, this Material is prepared by UBS BB Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A. (UBS BB 
CCTVM) to persons who are eligible investors residing in Brazil, which are considered to be Professional Investors (Investidores Profissionais), as designated by the 
applicable regulation, mainly the CVM Resolution No. 30 from the 11th of May 2021 (determines the duty to verify the suitability of products, services and 
transactions with regards to the client´s profile). UBS BB CCTVM is a subsidiary of UBS BB Servicos de Assessoria Financeira e Participacoes S.A. (“UBS BB”). UBS BB 
is an association between UBS AG and Banco do Brasil (through its subsidiary BB – Banco de Investimentos S.A.), of which UBS AG is the majority owner and 
which provides investment banking services and coverage in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Paraguay, Peru and Uruguay. UBS BB CCTVM is regulated by the Comissao 
de Valores Mobiliarios (CVM) and by the Central Bank of Brazil. Ombudsman: 0800-940-0266/ https://www.ubs.com/br/pt/ubsbb-investment-bank/
ombudsman.html. UBS may hold relevant financial and commercial interest in relation to the company subject to this Research report. Hong Kong: Distributed 
by UBS Securities Asia Limited. Please contact local licensed persons of UBS Securities Asia Limited in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, 
the analysis or document Singapore: Distributed by UBS Securities Pte. Ltd. [Co. Reg. No.: 198500648C] or UBS AG, Singapore Branch. Please contact UBS 
Securities Pte. Ltd., an exempt financial adviser under the Singapore Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110); or UBS AG, Singapore Branch, an exempt financial adviser 
under the Singapore Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110) and a wholesale bank licensed under the Singapore Banking Act (Cap. 19) regulated by the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore, in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the analysis or document. The recipients of this document represent and 
warrant that they are accredited and institutional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289). Japan: Distributed by UBS Securities Japan Co., 
Ltd. to professional investors (except as otherwise permitted). Where this report has been prepared by UBS Securities Japan Co., Ltd., UBS Securities Japan Co., 
Ltd. is the author, publisher and distributor of the report. Distributed by UBS AG, Tokyo Branch to Professional Investors (except as otherwise permitted) in relation 
to foreign exchange and other banking businesses when relevant. Australia: Recipients through a superannuation fund: Distributed by UBS AG, Australia Branch 
(ABN 47 088 129 613 and holder of Australian Financial Service Licence No. 231087). For all other recipients: Distributed by UBS Securities Australia Limited (ABN 
62 008 586 481 and holder of Australian Financial Services Licence No. 231098). This document contains general information and/or general advice only and 
does not constitute personal financial product advice. As such, the Information in this document has been prepared without taking into account any investor’s 
objectives, financial situation or needs, and investors should, before acting on the Information, consider the appropriateness of the Information, having regard to 
their objectives, financial situation and needs. If the Information contained in this document relates to the acquisition, or potential acquisition of a particular 
financial product by a ‘Retail’ client as defined by section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 where a Product Disclosure Statement would be required, the retail 
client should obtain and consider the Product Disclosure Statement relating to the product before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. 
 New Zealand: Distributed by UBS New Zealand Ltd. UBS New Zealand Ltd is not a registered bank in New Zealand. You are being provided with this publication 
or material because you have indicated to UBS that you are a “wholesale client” within the meaning of clause 4 of schedule 5 of the Financial Markets Conduct 
Act 2013 of New Zealand (Permitted Client). This publication or material is not intended for clients who are not Permitted Clients (non-permitted Clients). If you 
are a non-permitted Client you must not rely on this publication or material. If despite this warning you nevertheless rely on this publication or material, you 
hereby (i) acknowledge that you may not rely on the content of this publication or material and that any recommendations or opinions in such this publication or 
material are not made or provided to you, and (ii) to the maximum extent permitted by law (a) indemnify UBS and its associates or related entities (and their 
respective Directors, officers, agents and Advisors) (each a ‘Relevant Person’) for any loss, damage, liability or claim any of them may incur or suffer as a result of, 
or in connection with, your unauthorised reliance on this publication or material and (b) waive any rights or remedies you may have against any Relevant Person 
for (or in respect of) any loss, damage, liability or claim you may incur or suffer as a result of, or in connection with, your unauthorised reliance on this publication 
or material. Korea: Distributed in Korea by UBS Securities Pte. Ltd., Seoul Branch. This report may have been edited or contributed to from time to time by 
affiliates of UBS Securities Pte. Ltd., Seoul Branch. This material is intended for professional/institutional clients only and not for distribution to any retail clients. 
Malaysia: This material is authorized to be distributed in Malaysia by UBS Securities Malaysia Sdn. Bhd (Capital Markets Services License No.: CMSL/
A0063/2007). This material is intended for professional/institutional clients only and not for distribution to any retail clients. India: Distributed by UBS Securities 
India Private Ltd. (Corporate Identity Number U67120MH1996PTC097299) Unit 2901, Level 29 Altimus, Pandurang Budhkar Road, Worli, Mumbai – 400 018. It 
provides brokerage services bearing SEBI Registration Number: INZ000259830; Merchant Banking services bearing SEBI Registration Number: INM000013101; 
and Research Analyst services bearing SEBI Registration Number: INH000001204. Name of Compliance Officer Mr. Parameshwaran Shivaramakrishnan, Phone : 
+912261556151, Email : parameshwaran.s@ubs.com, Name of Grievance Officer Parameshwaran Shivaramakrishnan, Phone : +912261556151, Email: ol-ubs-
sec-compliance@ubs.com Registration granted by SEBI, and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or provide any 
assurance of returns to investors. UBS may have debt holdings or positions in the subject Indian company/companies. UBS may have financial interests (e.g. loan/
derivative products, rights to or interests in investments, etc.) in the subject Indian company / companies from time to time. Within the past 12 months, UBS may 
have received compensation for non-investment banking securities-related services and/or non-securities services from the subject Indian company/companies. 
The subject company/companies may have been a client/clients of UBS during the 12 months preceding the date of distribution of the research report with 
respect to investment banking and/or non-investment banking securities-related services and/or non-securities services. With regard to information on associates, 
please refer to the Annual Report at: https://www.ubs.com/global/en/about_ubs/investor_relations/annualreporting.html The Research Annual Compliance 
Report for UBS Securities India Private Limited is available on www.ubs.com/ubssi under Research tab. Taiwan: Except as otherwise specified herein, this material 
may not be distributed in Taiwan. Information and material on securities/instruments that are traded in a Taiwan organized exchange is deemed to be issued and 
distributed by UBS Securities Pte. LTD., Taipei Branch to professional institutional investors and/or persons permitted under applicable regulation. Unless permitted 
by applicable Taiwan laws and regulations, this material is for reference and information only and should not constitute "recommendation" to clients or recipients 
in Taiwan for the covered companies or any companies mentioned in this document. No portion of the document may be reprinted, reproduced or quoted by the 
press or any other person without authorisation from UBS. Indonesia: This report is being distributed by PT UBS Sekuritas Indonesia and is delivered by its 
licensed employee(s), including marketing/sales person, to its client. PT UBS Sekuritas Indonesia, having its registered office at Sequis Tower Level 22 unit 22-
1,Jl.Jend. Sudirman, kav.71, SCBD lot 11B, Jakarta 12190. Indonesia, is a subsidiary company of UBS AG and licensed under Capital Market Law no. 8 year 1995, 
a holder of broker-dealer and underwriter licenses issued by the Capital Market and Financial Institution Supervisory Agency (now Otoritas Jasa Keuangan/OJK). 
PT UBS Sekuritas Indonesia is also a member of Indonesia Stock Exchange and supervised by Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (OJK). Neither this report nor any copy hereof 
may be distributed in Indonesia or to any Indonesian citizens except in compliance with applicable Indonesian capital market laws and regulations. This report is 
not an offer of securities in Indonesia and may not be distributed within the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens in circumstance which 
constitutes an offering within the meaning of Indonesian capital market laws and regulations.
The disclosures contained in research documents produced by UBS AG, London Branch or UBS Europe SE shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
English law.
UBS specifically prohibits the redistribution of this document in whole or in part without the written permission of UBS and in any event UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any redistribution of this document or its contents or the actions of third parties in this respect. Images may depict objects or elements that are 
protected by third party copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. © UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and 
unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
ab
