[Page 1]
25 September 2026, 04:41 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Wider French-German spreads reinforce need 
for bond selectivity
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Claudia Panseri, Chief Investment Officer, UBS WM France, UBS Europe SE, Succursale de France
Thomas Wacker, CFA, Head CIO Credit, UBS Switzerland AG
Dean Turner, Economist, UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch
Maelle Quillevere, Economist, UBS AG London Branch
Christopher Swann, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
From the studio
Video: Allocating Assets | Opportunities in equities and bonds (7 mins)
Video: Mark Haefele on why the equity rally can continue (3 mins)
Video: Top of Mind in APAC | What Fed hikes mean for Asian assets
(6 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why we still like Japanese equities (5 mins)
Thought of the day
The spread between 10-year French and German government bond yields 
recently reached around 110 basis points, its highest level since July 2012, 
shortly before then-European Central Bank President Mario Draghi pledged 
to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro. The widening coincided with 
a broader global bond sell-off as stronger economic data and higher energy 
prices prompted investors to anticipate faster central bank tightening. The 
yield on the 30-year US Treasury briefly hit 5.5%, its highest level since 2004, 
highlighting the global nature of the rise in long-term borrowing costs. In 
the Eurozone, the composite purchasing managers’ index reached its highest 
level in almost three and a half years. The stronger activity signal contributed 
to expectations that the European Central Bank (ECB) could raise rates again 
as soon as October, following an increase at this month’s policy meeting.
Although wider Franco-German spreads have historically been associated 
with strains in fixed income markets as investors favor safer assets, the 
latest move primarily reflects France-specific factors. French bonds have 
underperformed both German and Italian government debt as investors focus 
on the budget, the 2027 presidential election, and the country’s deteriorating 
fiscal trajectory. These pressures could cause spreads to widen further before 
eventually narrowing. We do not see this as evidence of a broader breakdown 
in global bond markets. Instead, the increase in yields is adding to emerging 
opportunities across fixed income.
Markets may be overstating how far central banks will need to 
tighten policy. Higher energy prices have increased headline inflation 
and prompted more hawkish signals from the Federal Reserve, the ECB, 
the Bank of England, and the Bank of Japan. Yet, energy costs can also 
constrain growth by reducing household purchasing power and increasing 
  
What to watch: 25 September
• Germany GfK consumer confidence for 
October
• US August durable goods orders
• US Michigan consumer sentiment for 
September
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, Succursale de France, UBS AG London Branch.
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
Daily EMEA
companies’ expenses, limiting the need for a prolonged tightening cycle. 
Underlying inflation remains relatively contained: Eurozone core inflation 
eased to 2.4% in August from 2.5%, while services inflation slowed to 3% 
from 3.3%. We expect central banks to deliver less tightening than markets 
currently anticipate. A shallower policy-rate path would create scope for 
bond prices to recover, while high-quality bonds could appreciate if tighter 
financial conditions eventually slow growth or reduce longer-term inflation 
expectations.
Elevated yields offer attractive income and protection alongside 
resilient credit fundamentals. Recent purchasing managers’ indices point 
to healthy business activity, with the Eurozone composite measure at its 
highest level in almost three and a half years and the US composite index 
at a five-year high. This signal was reinforced on Thursday by a larger-than-
expected rise in Germany’s Ifo business climate index and an increase in 
the country’s leading economic institutes’ 2026 GDP growth forecast to 
1.3% from 0.6%. This backdrop should support corporate earnings and 
help contain default risk, particularly among investment grade borrowers 
with healthy balance sheets. Higher starting yields also provide a cushion 
against further rate increases. For example, our analysis indicates that yields 
on US dollar investment grade bonds could rise by around another 150 basis 
points before investors would experience a negative total return over the 
next 12 months. We favor stronger investment grade issuers across medium 
maturities, while selective emerging market bonds can provide additional 
income and diversified return potential.
Fiscal risks call for thoughtful portfolio construction rather than 
retreat from fixed income. Government debt has risen substantially since 
the global financial crisis, and refinancing it has become more expensive as 
central banks raise rates and reduce their bond holdings. If yields remain 
near current levels, we estimate that annual net interest costs could reach 
17.7% of government revenue in the US, 9.2% in the UK, 7.5% in France, 
and 5.4% in Japan by 2030. Higher debt-servicing costs could lead to 
higher taxes, lower government spending, or tighter financial conditions. 
Yet, governments can manage their debt burdens through growth, inflation, 
fiscal adjustment, and financial repression, with different consequences 
for countries and asset classes. Even in France, where the 2026 deficit is 
expected at 5.4% of GDP, we expect fiscal deterioration to be gradual 
rather than develop into an imminent funding crisis. French government 
bonds already trade at wider spreads than lower-rated Italian debt across the 
curve, suggesting that considerable fiscal weakening is reflected in valuations. 
France also retains a large, diversified economy and substantial domestic 
financing capacity.
So, we retain our Attractive view on fixed income and see opportunities 
across regions and market segments. Investors can consider adding medium- 
to long-duration exposure in high-quality bonds, while favoring stronger 
investment grade issuers across medium maturities. Select emerging market 
bonds can provide additional income and diversification. Within France, we 
see attractive risk-reward in select agency, covered, and corporate bonds. We 
remain cautious on the longest maturities given fiscal sustainability concerns 
and the potential for term premiums to stay elevated, while higher-risk credit 
should remain relatively short-dated.
Caught our attention
Will the CHF weakness remain? The Swiss franc is on track for a fifth 
consecutive weekly decline against the US dollar, weakening by over 0.8% 
this week. At the time of writing, the franc has lost more than 4.6% against 
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
Daily EMEA
the greenback since the start of the year, with USDCHF trading just below its 
year-to-date high of 0.8296. At Thursday’s policy meeting, the Swiss National 
Bank kept its policy rate unchanged at 0% and refrained from adopting 
a more hawkish stance. The rate decision and measured tone reinforced 
the upward momentum in USDCHF, as a prolonged interest-rate differential 
remains supportive for the dollar.
Our view: We expect USDCHF to remain relatively well supported in the near 
term, as wide US-Swiss yield differentials and attractive carry continue to favor 
the dollar. However, we believe markets are pricing an overly hawkish Fed 
path, and easing US inflationary pressure should eventually limit further Fed 
tightening. At the same time, we expect the SNB to start normalizing policy 
with a 25-basis-point hike in March, and another in June 2027, bringing its 
policy rate to 0.50%. This combination should gradually narrow the yield 
differential and strengthen the franc, supporting a decline in USDCHF from 
around 0.81 at year-end to 0.77 by mid-2027. For CHF-based investors, active 
currency management is increasingly important amid short-term volatility, 
safe-haven demands, and longer-term currency trends.
Trump–Xi summit: More reassurance, less substance. US President 
Donald Trump hosted Chinese President Xi Jinping at a White House state 
dinner on Thursday, with business leaders including NVIDIA’s Jensen Huang, 
OpenAI’s Sam Altman, and Alphabet’s Sundar Pichai in attendance. The 
high profile meeting comes amid heightened attention to AI safety following 
several incidents involving agentic hacking.Prior to the dinner, Xi called for AI 
to remain firmly under "human control". So far, substantive outcomes appear 
limited beyond the announced two-month extension of the tariff truce to 
January 2027.
Our view: We see the summit primarily as an effort to stabilize relations 
and manage competition rather than resolve strategic differences. With 
no obvious catalysts emerging, the Hang Seng Index has declined 1.7% 
on Friday, at the time of publishing. We will continue to monitor for any 
further announcements; any progress on rare-earth, purchases of US goods, 
or reciprocal market access would be net positive for sentiment. We think 
the bar is relatively low for agreeing on a formal AI incident-notification 
mechanism, but we doubt the talks will produce any agreements to either 
slow frontier AI development or ease advanced-technology restrictions.
Gold loses ground amid higher yields. Gold stayed below USD 4,300/oz 
as expectations for faster Fed tightening and a firm US dollar weighed on 
the precious metal. Trading at around USD 4,280/oz at the time of writing, 
bullion has fallen some 8% over the past month.
Our view: The Fed’s hawkish hike last week and a higher-for-longer rate 
outlook remain near-term headwinds for gold and are likely to increase short-
term volatility. But we stay constructive over the next 12 months, supported 
by central bank buying, reserve diversification, elevated government debt, 
and geopolitical uncertainty. In our view, gold’s strategic role as a portfolio 
hedge and diversifier remains intact. Pullbacks toward USD 4,000/oz can be 
seen as opportunities for investors to add exposure as we forecast gold to 
move toward USD 5,400/oz by September 2027.
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
Daily EMEA
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
Daily EMEA
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
