[Page 1]
25 September 2026, 00:23 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Taiwanese equities: Benefiting from rise of 
consumer AI agents
Asia Pacific equities
 
Authors: Allen Pu, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Xueqiong Huang, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Delwin Kurnia 
Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
• Meta Muse’s rapid adoption has intensified interest 
in agentic AI, highlighting the need for greater CPU 
and memory capacity as AI agents perform increasingly 
complex, persistent and interactive tasks.
• We believe the computational demands of agentic AI 
should boost CPU demand. This is reflected in AMD’s 
upgraded forecast for data-center CPU TAM, which it 
expects to reach approximately USD 210-220bn by 2030, 
up from USD 120bn previously.
• Taiwan’s integrated CPU and data-center ecosystem
—spanning advanced foundries, packaging, IP, fabless 
chip design and infrastructure suppliers—positions the 
market to benefit broadly from rising CPU demand and 
distinguishes it from other North Asian markets.
Source: UBS
 
Meta Muse's rapid adoption since its launch earlier this 
month has intensified discussion about the potential for 
faster AI adoption, highlighting the seamless interactions 
enabled by agentic AI. It has also underscored the 
increasingly important role of CPUs in supporting the 
sophisticated orchestration and execution demands of 
agentic workloads. As AI agents move from simple 
query responses toward more complex planning, they will 
require more general-purpose computing and memory 
management.
Our recent publication, AI Quick Pulse: Consumer AI’s next 
frontier – The rise of AI agents, lays out the rationale for 
this next phase of AI development. As agentic AI becomes 
more capable and moves rapidly into consumer applications, 
computing workloads are likely to become more persistent, 
interactive and distributed. This could support sustained 
CPU demand growth, even as accelerators like GPU and 
ASIC remain central to model training and inference. This 
trend is also reflected in AMD’s upgraded CPU TAM forecast. 
In 1Q26, AMD announced a multi-year, multi-generation 
agreement to deploy up to 6 GW of AMD Instinct GPUs 
for Meta’s next-generation AI infrastructure. The company 
subsequently raised its data-center CPU TAM outlook to 
approximately USD 220bn by 2030, versus USD 120bn 
previously, implying a CAGR of more than 50% from around 
USD 26bn in 2025. This upgrade highlights the growing 
importance of inference and agentic workloads, which 
require substantial general-purpose computing alongside 
GPUs for orchestration and data processing.
CPU demand set to surge along with rising 
consumer AI demand
Global data center CPU TAM, USD bn
Source: Company data, UBS as of Sep 2026
Note: Forecast update in AMD Advancing AI Conference
This report has been prepared by UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important 
disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Asia Pacific equities
Export orders underscore the broadening momentum 
in AI chip growth
Taiwan is well positioned to benefit from this trend 
because of its strong end-to-end ecosystem spanning 
CPU fabrication, advanced packaging and testing, 
data-center system integration, and operation support. 
Its semiconductor manufacturing expertise and close 
relationships with global cloud and server customers should 
allow Taiwan-based companies to participate across multiple 
stages of the expanding AI infrastructure value chain.
Taiwan’s strong export orders data provide further evidence 
that AI-related hardware demand remains robust and could 
extend into the coming quarters. Monthly export orders 
surpassed USD 100bn for the first time in August, reaching 
USD 103bn—up 71% y/y. Cumulative export orders for 
the first eight months also incrased by 55%y/y. If adoption 
of agentic AI continues, the resulting increase in demand 
for general-purpose computing and data-center capacity 
could extend the current hardware upcycle and support 
continued growth for Taiwan’s semiconductor and server-
manufacturing ecosystem.
Strong export order growth undersocres the 
extended momentum
Growth of Taiwan's export ( / export order, y/y %, 3mma
Source: Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Economic Affairs, UBS as of 
Sep 2026
Well-rounded ecosystem sets to benefit
Taiwan is well positioned in the CPU and data-
center ecosystem, combining leading-edge semiconductor 
manufacturing with a broad network of design, integration 
and infrastructure suppliers. Its world-class foundries 
provide advanced process technology and manufacturing 
scale, while the concentration of local semiconductor 
expertise fosters close collaboration across the ecosystem. 
Rising CPU demand should therefore benefit not only 
foundries and packaging providers, but also IP developers, 
fabless chip designers and other supply-chain participants. 
This creates a more comprehensive domestic value chain 
than is typically available in other North Asian markets.
Taiwan's CPU ecosystem
Source: UBS as of Sep 2026
In terms of positioning, we favor semiconductor leaders 
such as TSMC, ASE and MediaTek. Taiwan also offers 
important fabless and semiconductor IP capabilities. 
Aspeed supports the server market through baseboard-
management controllers and related connectivity solutions, 
while Global Unichip provides ASIC design and turnkey 
services for customized computing products.
Taiwan’s ecosystem also encompasses thermal management 
and power delivery. We favor Jentech, which should 
benefit from rising demand for cooling solutions as 
CPU performance and data-center rack densities increase. 
Meanwhile, Delta, a global leader in computer power 
supplies, provides power supplies, power-management 
systems and broader data-center infrastructure. Together, 
these 
capabilities 
give 
Taiwan 
exposure 
to 
CPU 
fabrication, design and the supporting infrastructure 
needed for increasingly sophisticated AI and general-
purpose computing.
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Risk table
Stock
Stock code
Risk statement
TSMC
2330.TW
Risks to this outlook include lower-than-expected outsourcing from key clients as they enhance in-house 
capabilities, a weak macroeconomic environment that could dampen end-market demand, and 
intensifying competition.
UMC
2303.TW
Key risks include weaker-than-expected demand in mature nodes, lower-than-expected supply reduction 
by key advanced foundries, and tighter competition with other mature foundries.
ASE
3711.TW
Risks to this outlook include failure to gain market share in advanced packaging and industry oversupply 
due to aggressive capacity expansion.
KYEC
2449.TW
Key risks include weaker-than-expected end-demand for global smartphone/consumer electronic 
products, slower ramp for AI-related products, and slower-than-expected demand recovery in the 
automotive and base station sector.
Mediatek
2454.TW
Key risks include slower-than-expected monetization of the new games and fierce competition in the 
gaming industry.
Aspeed
5274.TW
Key risks include tighter than expected competition, weak end-demand for its smartphone and AIoT 
offerings, and geopolitical risks. 
Global Unichip
3443.TW
Key risks include below-expectation demand in AI chips and increasing competition from global peers.
Delta
2308.TW
Key risks include weaker than expcted AI spending, and above-expected copper price. 
Jentech
3653.TW
Key risks include weaker-than-expected AI server demand, slower-than-anticipated server deployment, 
and geopolitical tensions.
AVC
3017.TW
Key risks include weaker than expcted AI spending, and above-expected price for copper and aluminum. 
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Asia Pacific equities
Appendix
Required Disclosures
Company/Country Disclosures   (25 September 2026)
Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and 
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to 
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.
ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd. 1, 2, ASPEED Technology Inc 2, Asia Vital Components* 2, Delta Electronics 2, 3, 4, Global 
Unichip 2, King Yuan Electronics 2, MediaTek Inc. 2, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 1, 5; UMC 1, 2,
1. UBS Securities LLC makes a market in the securities and/or ADRs of this company.
2. UBS holds a long position of 0.5% or more of the listed shares of this company.
3. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for investment banking services from this company/entity 
or one of its affiliates.
4. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC and/or its affiliates, and 
investment banking services are being, or have been, provided.
5. The UBS Wealth Management strategist, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long 
common stock position in this company.
Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS 
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that 
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.
Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse 
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or 
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth 
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment 
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated by the 
Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG Taipei Branch is 
authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China (Taiwan). UBS Switzerland 
AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized 
by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and 
the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe 
SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit institution constituted under German law, duly 
authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
– “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) 
and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory 
authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host member state authority. UBS Europe SE, 
Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España is authorized by the Banco de España.
UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central 
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet).
UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German 
Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority (Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE 
Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution" and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS 
(Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) 
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Asia Pacific equities
and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) 
to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated by the Prudential Regulatory Authority 
(PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated and authorized by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business. In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered 
as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages in Investment Marketing and is regulated by 
the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS 
AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) by the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
(DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS AG Abu Dhabi Branch is licensed and regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority (“FSRA”) of the Abu Dhabi Global Market. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to conduct securities business 
under licence number 08113-37. UBS BB Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A. is regulated by 
Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de 
Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National Futures 
Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Frequency of updates
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market 
developments.
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Asia Pacific equities
Equity selection system
UBS CIO GWM equity selection system
We provide two equity selections: Most Preferred (MP) and Least Preferred (LP).
Most preferred
We expect the stock to outperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Least preferred
We expect the stock to underperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Suspended
Sometimes legal, regulatory, contractual or best-business-practice obligations restrict us from issuing research on a company. 
This situation normally stems from UBS Investment Bank's involvement in an investment banking transaction associated with 
that company.
Equity selection: An assessment relative to a benchmark
Equity selections in Equity Preferences lists (EPLs) are assessments made relative to a sector/industry, country/regional or 
thematic benchmark. The chosen benchmark is disclosed on the front page of each EPL. It is also used to measure the 
performance of the EPL owner(s). Including a stock in the EPL constitutes neither a view on its expected, standalone absolute 
performance nor a price target. Rather, EPLs are meant to support the UBS House View, with the stocks included in them 
selected for their superior risk/return profiles.
Our selection is based on an assessment of the company's fundamental outlook and valuation, the risks owning the stock 
entails, including material sustainability risks and the diversification benefits it provides in an investment portfolio, among 
many other factors. UBS GWM CIO‘s selection methodology enables wealth management clients to invest in a specific 
investment theme or focus on a sector/industry or country/region.
The lead strategist is responsible for the CIO view on a stock, while the EPL owner(s) is/are responsible for the stock selection 
within an EPL. Stocks can be selected for multiple EPLs. For consistency's sake, a stock can only be selected as either Most 
Preferred or Least Preferred, not both simultaneously. As EPL benchmarks differ, stocks do not need to be included on every 
list to which they could theoretically be added.
Only stock views prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS) which are compatible with the above equity selection 
system are provided. A stock cannot be selected as Most Preferred if it is rated Sell by UBS Investment Bank, while a Buy-
rated stock by UBS Investment Bank cannot be selected as Least Preferred.
For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Statement of Risk
Equities - Stock market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology, 
geopolitical conditions and other important variables.
UBS does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware 
that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision.
For a complete set of required disclosures relating to the companies that are the subject of this report, please mail a request 
to UBS CIO Global Wealth Management Business Management, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor, Avenue of the 
Americas, New York, NY 10019.
Current UBS CIO global rating distribution (as of last month-end)
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Asia Pacific equities
Most Preferred
100%
. .
.
.
Risk information
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research. 
The date and time of the first dissemination of this publication is the same as the date and time of its publication.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or 
completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and 
market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. This publication 
is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the report. 
Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result 
of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of 
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Asia Pacific equities
Risk information
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be 
appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options, 
you must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://
www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any 
particular structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments 
are unsecured obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on 
the terms of the investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance 
of the underlying asset. Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not 
guarantee in any way the obligations or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information 
provided by any issuer. Structured investments are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not 
equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset. Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors 
should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum 
gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may include call features and, if a structured investment is 
called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able to reinvest in similar investments with similar 
terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in the price of the investment. The tax 
treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in the underlying asset. UBS 
and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own tax situation 
before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For information on the ways in which UBS Securities LLC manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS 
Global Research product; historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research 
recommendations; and terms and conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
