[Page 1]
German Conference. We attended three days of our annual conference with 100+ 
companies. Demand in Germany is holding up well for sectors like Defence and the 
broader mood around fiscal was more positive than last year now that execution is 
coming through. The main downside risk discussed in most meetings was Chinese 
competition with companies talking about aftermarket moats, localising production 
and launching products for the China market (e.g., Buy rated Rational). Physical AI 
dominated conversations even for companies with limited exposure for now 
(not-covered Schaeffler said it is able to provide c.50% of the content for a 
humanoid, see this feedback from the China trip to its factory last year). Selected 
company takeaways are highlighted below (see more feedback here and below): 
Deutsche Bank: Reiterated growth drivers in line with Chris Hallam’s recent 
n
upgrade to Buy. 
Rheinmetall and RENK: Demand very much on track and concerns around 
n
drones replacing conventional warfare are overdone (as per Sam Burgess’ recent 
expert calls like this one). Both are Buy rated, Rheinmetall is on the CL. 
Rational: Innovation-led growth including iHexagon which creates a new 
n
category (combined steam and air from a combi oven with microwave which 
allows you to make the perfect egg sandwich in 3 minutes vs. 18). Ope Otaniyi is 
Buy rated. 
FlatexDEGIRO: Reiterated growth runway is on track and, importantly, additional 
n
colour was given on the Supervisory Board re-alignment (outgoing members 
favoured diversification, focus will remain on core). Oliver Carruthers is Buy rated 
and it is on the CL.   
Muse and AI. Agentic product launches like Instinct and Meta’s Muse have reignited 
investor focus on agentic commerce, and Eric Sheridan and the global team have a 
timely deep dive. The implications for price competition are significant, particularly 
for more commoditised products and businesses where customer friction currently 
supports pricing power, if agents capable of negotiating on consumers’ behalf 
become widely accessible. Ex. 6 includes CPG/Staples in the “easiest to agentify” 
category. At Meta’s Connect 2026, Muse was in focus including ‘Muse Charm’ which 
is a pocket-sized, key chain device that brings real-time voice and capabilities to 
Sahar Islam 
+44(20)7051-4935 | 
sahar.islam@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
25 September 2026 | 9:00PM BST
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
CONNECTING THE DOTS 
German Conference feedback, Muse & Instinct and Global Views plus 
key research
 
 


[Page 2]
customers who do not want to wear smart glasses (set to launch by the 2026 holiday 
season). 
Global Views. Jan Hatzius outlines why he sees news turning less hawkish over the next 
several months in ‘Lower Inflation, Limited Hikes’. For equity investors: “S&P 500 earnings 
per share are on track to grow 36% (!) in 2026. However, our US equity strategists argue that 
while talk of an earnings bubble is overblown, companies are now “over-earning” because of 1) 
gains on private investment stakes (e.g. in AI model companies) and 2) a windfall from AI 
investment and the related margin expansion for semiconductor and memory stocks. As private 
investment gains end and AI investment approaches a peak, they expect S&P 500 EPS growth 
to slow to 11% in 2027. The slowdown could be significantly sharper if AI investment declines 
outright, but this is unlikely until 2028 or beyond. 
GS Research from the week 
 
 
We filter this week’s research through the merchandising lens to highlight actionable 
ideas and pull out some themes / key messages which we think are important - click into 
the reports for more!   
Conferences and Trips  
We hosted our 15th German Corporate Conference, see all takeaways here. 
Commodities & Industrials 
A&D - Rheinmetall (CL) Vehicle performance broad-based and no material bottlenecks, 
unmanned systems to be increasingly integrated alongside crewed platforms, cash 
conversion sensitivity to prepayment timings (Sam Burgess) 
Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) - Underlying trading on track despite last week’s guidance 
cut announcement (details below), reiterate 2030 targets, China main pressure especially 
Audi, Neutral (Christian Frenes).  
Porsche AG (P911_p.DE) FY26 guidance also remains unchanged despite VW’s 
impairment related ad-hoc announcement. FY27 is expected to remain a challenging 
transition year due to the Macan product gap and ongoing restructuring, Buy. (Christian 
Frenes)  
BMW (BMWG.DE) - Product cycle incrementally more constructive but look to CMD to 
quantify restructuring scope, Buy (Christian Frenes) 
Mercedes (MBGn.DE) - 2026 product offensive is laying a strong foundation for 2027, 
but healthy Europe/US demand cannot yet offset China weakness, Buy (Christian Frenes) 
Multi-Industry - Demand positive but focus on China competition, 
production/development of products in China and India for global market as a way to 
compete & service as a moat, AI an opp (examples in note) (Daniela Costa) 
Knorr-Bremse (KBX.DE) - Upside to rail from modernizing trains in Europe (not in 
guidance) plus positive signals from China, Buy (Daniela Costa) See also feedback from 
industry event.  
Daimler (DTGGe.DE) - Robust demand independent of North America macro 
25 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 3]
developments, mostly driven by replacement demand, Neutral (Daniela Costa) 
Rational (RAAG.DE) - China headwind near term but better outlook with locally 
produced product, European growth more positive, Buy (Ope Otaniyi) 
Lanxess (LXSG.DE) - Utilisation rates remain near trough with management waiting on a 
volume recovery to eventually hit a leaner cost base, Sell (Marcus von Scheele) 
TMT 
Infineon (IFXGn.DE) - AI power positioning strengthening, Software-defined vehicle 
exposure offsetting slower BEV momentum, Buy. (Alexander Duval)  
Telcos - Modestly more rational consumer mobile market in Germany, Agentic AI risk 
downplayed (recent investor focus as a key risk), Buy DT and VOD (Andrew Lee) 
Auto1 (AG1G.DE) - Confident on Autohero re-acceleration from Q4, Buy (James Tate) 
BSTL 
Heidelberg (HEIG.DE) - Volumes stabilising and cost out opps but some price/cost 
pressures, Buy (Ben Rada Martin) 
Brenntag (BNRGn.DE) - If oil price remains elevated, there is upside risk to guidance 
assuming no volume demand destruction (which don’t see yet), AI positive dynamic 
pricing and costs (route opt), CMD in Nov, Buy (Suhasini Varanasi) 
Financials 
Flatex (FTKn.DE) - Strategic targets & growth fully on track, new MT strategy to be 
presented in Feb, Buy on CL (Oliver Carruthers) 
Consumer 
Zalando (ZALG.DE) - Market backdrop unchanged with European consumer cautious 
and Germany weaker than Nordics, Buy (Richard Edwards) 
Field trips/Management meetings 
Spain Banks - NII outlook supported by repricing tailwinds and loan growth trends 
remain supportive. Buy Santander and BBVA (on CL). (Sofie Peterzens)  
BBVA (BBVA.MC) - Management feedback constructive on growth (focused on Mexico 
and Latam, sustainability of market share gains, rates upside), on CL (Sofie Peterzens) 
Italy Banks - Operational commentary positive even with macro, limited appetite for 
large-scale M&A post recent wave of consolidation. (Sofie Peterzens) 
Previews 
See all European earnings previews here. 
DSV (DSV.CO) - Pre-close group call feedback, main messages in line with GS (tougher 
Road), GSe 3Q EBIT 1% below consensus, 4Q significantly ahead, Buy on CL / See Deep 
Dive from last week on what next (Patrick Creuset) 
K+N (KNIN.S) - Scope for another beat & raise at Q3, remain ahead of consensus on 
25 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 4]
FY26/27, Buy. (Patrick Creuset). See details of AWS deal below.  
Refiners - Expect strong 3Q supported by exceptional product markets, Neste preferred 
Buy (Yulia Bocharnikova) 
TotalEnergies (TTEF.PA) - CMD Preview - Will address trade-off between accelerating 
growth and cash returns, net capex guided at $14-16bn pa (vs $15bn in 2025) and 
expect increase in capex to $16bn in 2027, Neutral. Capex / exploration commentary key to 
watch for seismic TGS on CL. (Michele Della Vigna) 
Atlas Copco (ATCOa.ST) - Expect 3Q orders to beat consensus by 2%, Buy. (Daniela 
Costa)  
Haleon (HLN.L) - Solid growth ahead in Q3, with all eyes on Q4 acceleration and 
Cold/Flu season; reiterate Buy (on CL) (Olivier Nicolaï) 
Argenx SE (ARGX.BR) - 3Q26 preview - solid underlying trends; we see L/MSD% upside 
risk to consensus Vyvgart estimates, Buy on CL. (Rajan Sharma)  
Earnings & CMDs 
See all European earnings results here. 
Commodities & Industrials 
Halma (HLMA.L) - -2% post results with focus on unchanged Photonics guide despite 
broader raised margin guidance to drive LSD upgrades to FY27 adj. EBIT, Buy on CL 
(Christian Hinderaker) 
Ceres Power (CWR.L) - Strong commercial momentum, with management confident on 
new partnership and FY26 revenue recognition. Buy on CL (Michele Della Vigna) 
CTP (CTPNV.AS) - CMD leasing momentum remains strong; 2027 target reiterate, MT 
growth target >10% EPS growth, Buy on CL (Jonathan Kownator) 
Solaria (SLRS.MC) - Strong H1 but rising rates and regulatory noise weighing on shares, 
overdone with implied halving of returns and no future growth, watch CMD in Nov for 
new DC deals and storage, Buy (Alberto Gandolfi); Listen to this podcast with Alberto 
here. 
Smiths Group (SMIN.L) - FY26 margin resilience and M&A drive LSD beat, FY27 guide 
announced, Buy (Christian Hinderaker)  
Konecranes (KCRA.HE) - New financial targets above expectations, consensus likely up 
HSD to low teens for 2030, started buyback + updated divi, expect positive shares given 
underperform versus sector, Buy (Daniela Costa) 
Consumer 
ABI (ABI.BR) - CMD takeaways, capital allocation flexibility and re-framed MT guidance 
with 5-9% EBIT growth, Buy (Olivier Nicolaï) 
ON (ONON) -Positive reaction to CMD entry into new categs (Football, Golf), new 2029 
targets, buyback of up to $1bn to end Dec 29, Buy (Richard Edwards) 
Next (NXT.L) - 1H27 strong earnings momentum, underpinned by the hyper-growth, 
25 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 5]
immature International division, Buy (Richard Edwards) 
H&M (HMb.ST) - 3Q as expected ex one-off US tariff refund, modest revenue growth 
and flat underlying GM, outlook more challenging 4Q and capex acceleration. Note 
elevated valuation, Sell (Richard Edwards) 
Healthcare 
Novo Nordisk (NOVOb.CO) - CMD highlights post-sema LoE growth ambitions, but 
proof points still required; Neutral (James Quigley) 
Financials 
Societe Generale (SOGN.PA) - CMD provides comprehensive 2029 targets with 13-14% 
ROTE, implying c.1% consensus upside for 2029, Neutral. (Chris Hallam) 
Vistry Group (VTYV.L) - -3% post 1H, profit & net cash guide lowered plus £470m 
charge in connection with the CEO review, open market conditions more challenging, 
Buy (Rebecca Parker) 
BSTL 
BVI (BVI.PA) - CMD confirms 2028 targets, with acceleration to DD rev. CAGR over 
2027-28 via higher M&A, Buy (Suhasini Varanasi) 
AI and Data Centres 
Americas Technology - Sizing the AI economy needed to justify ROIC on hyperscaler AI 
capex. (Eric Sheridan) 
US Equity Views - Note discusses AI capex, required revenues, and what’s priced in the 
AI trade. We expect the application layer to see dispersion, as per recent 
outperformance of data infra and cybersecurity and underperformance of “consumer 
inertia” stocks (Ryan Hammond) 
Agentic AI Era for Commerce - Agentic commerce could catalyse the next leg of 
eCommerce penetration, but adoption should be gradual and category dependent and 
we view this as a long-duration transition (over next 3-5+ years). (Eric Sheridan) 
Meta Platforms Connect 2026 - Muse takes center stage as Meta articulates a vision 
centered around Agentic AI, hardware & personal intelligence (E.G., Muse Charm, 
pocket-sized key chain for voice access if you don’t want smart glasses) (Eric Sheridan) 
Microsoft (MSFT) - Roadshow enterprise shift to AI platforms validating key strategic 
decisions, goal is to provide the lowest possible cost tokens, Buy. (Gabriela Borges) 
K+N (KNIN.S) - Deal with Amazon for AWS logistics highlights large forwarders as AI 
winners, Buy. (Patrick Creuset) 
Enterprise AI Case Study - How are hardware companies using AI agents internally - 
Varies but deployment within core business processes rather than standalone employee 
productivity tools (Katherine Murphy) 
Credit: Banks and AI - Fee opportunities and efficiency gains, facilitating the capex 
cycle and reaffirming our OW stance on Banks. (Sara Grut) 
25 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 6]
UPM (UPM.HE) - Data center optionality analysis post Fortum / Google, upside but 
capped by Pulp cyclicality, Neutral (Gabriel Simoes) 
Commodities / Power 
Behind the Meter - Raise outlook, BTM gas-power gen could serve c.28% of US and 
c.25% of global data center power demand by 2030, Buy Ceres and Siemens Energy 
(both on CL). (Michele della Vigna)  
Batteries - Framing the battery backup unit opportunity, $50bn by 2030 (CAGR +87%); 
Buy Panasonic HD (Ryo Harada) 
Refining Super Cycle - A system stretched for longer (Nikhil Bhandari) 
GasTech - Corp clients overwhelmingly expect the status quo to continue, and see 
winter TTF over 100 EUR/MWh (Samantha Dart) 
Oil - Imports of China Crude will likely remain low for now (Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby) 
Oil - Venezuela - Venezuela modelling shows crude reaching c.1.9 mboed by 2030 
(+945 kboed versus 2025), with upside risk from NABEP JV (Michele della Vigna) 
Super El Nino - Question whether it could help EU energy issues (low gas storage) via a 
warm winter, models suggest not (Daan Struyven) 
Metals - Copper, silver, PGMs, tariff uncertainty likely to persist; tariff risk builds 
inventories (Lina Thomas) 
Tracking the data 
Retail Matters - On leads a bifurcated sportswear market, Chinese Agg deteriorate 
further while Zalando and Next data remains strong (Richard Edwards) 
Nike - F1Q trackers reveal weak trends; sportswear recovery firmly in focus (Brooke 
Roach) 
Media Advertising Agency Tracker - Publicis (Buy) strongest momentum in media 
account winds, WPP (Sell) net winds turned slightly negative – expect WPP to retail Coke 
outside NA (Adam Berlin) 
Ratings Changes & Initiations 
Alm. Brand Initiate at Buy (ALMB.CO) - Has underperformed but has leading Nordic 
EPS growth, overhang removal should help re-rating (Gard arb, see limited risk) (Vash 
Gosalia)  
Sector Updates 
UK Defence Expert Call - With Former Defence Secretary, change in European defence 
policy as fundamental and shouldn’t reverse (Sam Burgess)  
Rail Innotrans - Feedback including Knorr-Bremse (Buy) optimistic on China high speed 
rail, and companies more broadly said transit remains strong and freight more mixed 
(Daniela Costa) 
Insurance - German pension reform - see limited impact for the insurers (Andrew Baker) 
25 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 7]
Reiterate Buy 
Siemens Energy (ENR1n.DE) - New buyback points to a return of value acceleration, 
Buy on CL (Ajay Patel) 
Reiterate Sell 
Essity (ESSITYb.ST) - Accelerating oil-derivative, pulp, fuel and energy costs to drive 
HSD% unit cost inflation, and we are 11% below consensus earnings ahead of Q3. 
Remain Sell and see scope for derating towards 12x P/E as estimates reset. (Richard 
Felton) 
Novartis (NOVN.S) - Current multiple better reflects the risks but still see relative 
downside, Sell (James Quigley)  
Events incl M&A 
K+N (KNIN.S) - Deal with Amazon for AWS logistics highlights large forwarders as AI 
winners, Buy. (Patrick Creuset) 
Rentokil (RTO.L) - Announces disposal as part of simplification strategy, Buy / Listen to 
Going Against the Grain  (Suhasini Varanasi) 
Pearson (PSON.L) - Acquires ITS, an assessment tech provider, Neutral. (James Tate) 
Roche (ROPC.S) - Enicepatide Ph2 T2D data looks competitive, Neutral. (James Quigley)  
Macro 
Global Economics - Lower inflation, limited hikes. (Jan Hatzius) 
GOAL - Bond-like equities can improve diversification with a growing number of stocks 
with a negative beta (Christian Mueller-Glissman) 
Global Inflation - Core inflation is only modestly above target in most countries but 
more significantly in the US, especially in PCE terms. (Megan Peters) 
US PMI Surveys - Bond market reaction overdone as PMIs firmer than other surveys this 
month and part of strength reflects nominal bias (Pierfrancesco Mei) 
ECB - Expect an additional hike in Dec (Sven Jari Stehn) 
France - An increasingly challenging debt trajectory (Alexandre Stott) 
Spain - Slowing Momentum, Sustained Outperformance and Lower Debt After the 
Election (Filippo Taddei) 
Brazil Real - Navigating the election note (Teresa Alves) 
Credit - Introducing our loan and CLO issuance forecasts (Amanda Lynam) 
Global 
US Staples - Geopolitical vol & elevated freight rates suggest margin pressures (Bonnie 
Herzog) 
US A&D - Meeting with Ascend by Cirium on the commercial aircraft and business jet 
markets (Noah Poponak) 
25 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 8]
SK Hynix - Key takeaways from virtual meeting, continued solid outlook on 
fundamentals, reiterate, Buy (Giuni Lee)
25 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 9]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Sahar Islam, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject company or companies 
and its or their securities. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations 
or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Sahar Islam Goldman Sachs International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Pricing Information 
Alm. Brand (Dkr16.44), Anheuser-Busch InBev (€68.30), Anheuser-Busch InBev (ADR) ($77.42), Argenx SE (€834.80), Argenx SE ($962.22), Atlas Copco 
(Skr203.20), Auto1 Group (€18.15), BBVA (€24.88), BMW (€56.46), Banco Santander (€12.53), Brenntag SE (€58.86), Bureau Veritas (€26.76), CTP N.V. 
(€13.08), Ceres Power (388.6p), DSV A/S (Dkr1,182.00), Daimler Truck Holding (€41.86), Deutsche Bank (€30.93), Deutsche Telekom (€26.89), Essity 
(Skr260.40), Haleon (344.9p), Halma Plc (3,504p), Heidelberg Materials (€143.10), Hennes & Mauritz (Skr162.85), Infineon (€56.26), Knorr Bremse 
(€106.10), Konecranes (€29.66), Kuehne & Nagel (SFr228.10), Lanxess AG (€12.73), Mercedes-Benz Group AG (€41.25), Microsoft Corp. ($497.93), 
Neste OYJ (€35.82), Next (14,400p), Novartis (SFr118.96), Novartis (ADR) ($143.57), Novo Nordisk (Dkr253.00), Novo Nordisk (ADR) ($38.62), ON 
Holding ($30.46), Panasonic Holdings (¥4,582), Pearson (1,212.5p), Porsche AG (€44.41), Publicis (€97.66), RENK Group (€40.23), Rational AG 
(€570.00), Rentokil Initial Plc (309.2p), Rheinmetall (€990.00), Roche (SFr363.40), SK Hynix Inc. (W1,862,000), Siemens Energy (€142.10), Smiths Group 
(2,757p), Societe Generale (€69.87), Solaria (€15.18), TGS ASA (Nkr149.90), TotalEnergies SE (€81.05), UPM-Kymmene (€25.58), Vistry Group (259.6p), 
Vodafone (125.3p), Vodafone ($16.49), Volkswagen (€70.82), WPP Plc (382.2p), Zalando SE (€22.12) and flatexDEGIRO SE (€30.12) 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
25 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 10]
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
25 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 11]
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
25 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 


[Page 12]
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
25 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 
