[Page 1]
CIO View Quarterly | Market Outlook Q3 2026
CIO View
September 22, 2026
MARKETING MATERIAL
In a world where risks show little sign of receding, we remain constructive on risk assets. Strong earnings growth, continued AI 
investment and resilient markets support our view.
All about earnings growth
             2026 has been a strong year for earnings growth despite numerous headwinds. We believe that even a moderation 
in growth in 2027 would remain sufficient to support capital markets. 
“
”
Global equity indices are trading near record highs. Many commodities 
are close to cyclical peaks, alternative assets continue to perform well, 
and fixed income once again offers attractive yields. What conditions 
would need to prevail for markets to sustain their recent gains over the 
next 12 months?
First, the AI investment cycle would need to remain broadly intact, even if 
AI capital expenditure growth begins to moderate. Potential headwinds, 
including 
power-generation 
constraints, 
intensifying 
competition 
from lower-cost Chinese products, uncertainty over the breadth of 
productivity gains or major security incidents, would need to remain 
contained and not undermine confidence in the long-term AI opportunity. 
Second, Europe’s economic and industrial transformation would need 
to continue advancing despite shifts in the political or policy landscape 
following national or regional elections. Third, shipping through the 
Strait of Hormuz would need to resume and continue without significant 
disruption to global energy supplies and markets. Fourth, concerns 
about debt sustainability, particularly in the United States, would need 
to remain manageable, without driving Treasury yields materially above 
current levels or keeping them elevated for an extended period. The latter 
two assumptions, however, are more uncertain. Thus far, we believe the 
U.S. administration has yet to present investors with clear plans either for 
de-escalating conflicts in the Gulf region or for placing public finances on 
a more sustainable path.
Nevertheless, our central expectation is that these risks will not worsen 
enough over the coming 12 months to derail our base case. We would 
characterize this environment as a “late-cycle Goldilocks” scenario: 
economic growth moderates but remains positive, inflation eases 
again on a 12-month horizon, monetary policy tightens modestly before 
stabilizing and, perhaps most importantly, corporate earnings growth 
remains resilient. Against this backdrop, we see potential for further gains 
in risk assets, while fixed income may offer attractive carry and total-
return potential.
This information is subject to change at any time, based upon economic, market and other considerations and should not be construed as a recommendation. Past per-
formance is not indicative of future returns. Forecasts are based on assumptions, estimates, opinions and hypo-thetical models that may prove to be incorrect. Alternative 
investments may be speculative and involve significant risks including illiquidi-ty, heightened potential for loss and lack of transparency. Alternatives are not suitable for all 
clients. Source: DWS Investment GmbH.
Glossary
Alternative investments are asset classes or strategies outside traditional 
stocks, bonds, and cash, such as real estate, commodities, private equity, 
hedge funds, or infrastructure.
Artificial intelligence is the theory and development of computer systems 
able to perform tasks normally requiring human intelligence.
Capital expenditures (capex) are funds used by a company to acquire, 
maintain, or upgrade long-term physical assets such as property, 
buildings, or equipment.
Carry (of an asset) refers to the net return or cost of holding an asset over 
time, typically derived from income such as interest or dividends minus 
any associated financing or holding costs. 
A carry trade is an investment strategy that seeks to capture this carry by 
exploiting differences in yields or interest rates between assets, typically 
by funding at a lower rate and investing in assets with higher returns.
A commodity is a basic good used in commerce that is interchangeable 
with other goods of the same type. Commodities are most often used as 
inputs in the production of other goods or services. 
Cyclical describes an economic variable, sector, or asset whose 
performance rises and falls in line with the business cycle.
Fixed Income broadly refers to those types of investment security that 
pay investors fixed interest or dividend payments until its maturity date.
The term Goldilocks economy refers to a state of the economy, where 
there is neither a threat of inflation due to an overheating economy, nor a 
threat of a recession.
Inflation is the rate at which the general level of prices for goods and 
services is rising and, subsequently, purchasing power is falling.
Monetary policy focuses on controlling the supply of money with the 
ulterior motive of price stability, reducing unemployment, boosting 
growth, etc. (depending on the central bank’s mandate).
The total return is a performance measure of an investment. It measures 
the earned income of an investment over a specific time period.
Treasuries are U.S. government debt securities, including Treasury bills, 
notes, bonds, and inflation-protected securities.
Yield refers to the income generated by an investment, such as interest or 
dividends, usually expressed as an annual percentage of its value.
Vincenzo Vedda
Chief Investment Officer


[Page 2]
CIO View Quarterly | Market Outlook Q3 2026
Important information 
DWS is the brand name of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA and its 
subsidiaries under which they do business. The DWS legal entities offer-
ing products or services are specified in the relevant documentation. 
DWS, through DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, its affiliated companies 
and its officers and employees (collectively “DWS”) are communicating 
this document in good faith and on the following basis.
This document is for information/discussion purposes only and does 
not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to conclude a 
transaction and should not be treated as investment advice.
This document is intended to be a marketing communication, not a 
financial analysis. Accordingly, it may not comply with legal obligations 
requiring the impartiality of financial analysis or prohibiting trading prior 
to the publication of a financial analysis.
This document contains forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include, but are not limited to assumptions, estimates, 
projections, opinions, models and hypothetical performance analysis. No 
representation or warranty is made by DWS as to the reasonable-ness or 
completeness of such forward looking statements. Past performance is 
no guarantee of future results.
The information contained in this document is obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable. DWS does not guarantee the accuracy, com-
pleteness or fairness of such information. All third party data is 
copyrighted by and proprietary to the provider. DWS has no obligation 
to update, modify or amend this document or to otherwise notify the 
recipient in the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, pro-
jection, forecast or estimate set forth herein, changes or subsequently 
becomes inaccurate.
Investments are subject to various risks. Detailed information on risks is 
contained in the relevant offering documents.
No liability for any error or omission is accepted by DWS. Opinions and 
estimates may be changed without notice and involve a number of 
assumptions which may not prove valid.
DWS does not give taxation or legal advice. 
This document may not be reproduced or circulated without DWS’s 
written authority. 
This document is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use 
by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any 
locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, including the United States, 
where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary 
to law or regulation or which would subject DWS to any registration or 
licensing requirement within such jurisdiction not cur-rently met within 
such jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this document may come 
are required to inform themselves of, and to observe, such restrictions.
© 2026 DWS Investment GmbH
Issued in the UK by DWS Investments UK Limited which is authorised and 
regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority.
© 2026 DWS Investments UK Limited
In Hong Kong, this document is issued by DWS Investments Hong Kong 
Limited. The content of this document has not been reviewed by the 
Securities and Futures Commission.
© 2026 DWS Investments Hong Kong Limited
In Singapore, this document is issued by DWS Investments Singapore 
Limited. The content of this document has not been reviewed by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore.
© 2026 DWS Investments Singapore Limited
In Australia, this document is issued by DWS Investments Australia Limited 
(ABN: 52 074 599 401) (AFSL 499640). The content of this document 
has not been reviewed by the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission.
© 2026 DWS Investments Australia Limited
For institutional / professional investors in Taiwan:
This document is distributed to professional investors only and not others. 
Investing involves risk. The value of an investment and the in-come from it 
will fluctuate and investors may not get back the principal invested. Past 
performance is not indicative of future performance. This is a marketing 
communication. It is for informational purposes only. This document does 
not constitute investment advice or a recom-mendation to buy, sell or 
hold any security and shall not be deemed an offer to sell or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy any security. The views and opinions expressed herein, 
which are subject to change without notice, are those of the issuer or 
its affiliated companies at the time of publication. Certain data used are 
derived from various sources believed to be reliable, but the accuracy or 
completeness of the data is not guaranteed and no liability is assumed for 
any direct or consequential losses arising from their use. The duplication, 
publication, extraction or transmission of the contents, irrespective of the 
form, is not permitted.
as of 9/11/26; 102646_10 (09/2026)
/ 02
September 22, 2026
