[Page 1]
Gulf of Oman ship-to-ship oil transfers reach limit as Saudi exports surge 
Ship-to-ship transfers in the Gulf of Oman for Middle Eastern oil from inside the Strait of Hormuz have reached their 
limits after Saudi Arabia diverted exports from the Red Sea, adding to shipments from other producers, trade sources 
and analysts said. The increasing amount of Saudi exports this month requires more supertankers to shuttle crude 
through Hormuz to conduct cargo transfers, they said. That has reduced ship availability, raising shipping costs and 
increasing the time cargoes are on the water before reaching refineries. State-run Saudi Aramco has sold more than 60 
million barrels of crude for STS transfer off Sohar, Oman, this month and next since its East-West Pipeline was attacked 
on September 13, halting oil exports from the Red Sea port of Yanbu. Saudi crude exports via Hormuz were on track to 
rebound to 3.6 million barrels per day in September, up from about 900,000 bpd in August, data from analytics firm Kpler 
showed. That nearly 3 million bpd increase in Saudi exports from Hormuz would require between 36 and 40 more very 
large crude carriers, Kpler analyst Panagiotis Krontiras said. Each VLCC can carry 2 million barrels of oil. Anoop Singh, 
the head of global shipping research at commodity broker Oil Brokerage, said the number of additional VLCCs required 
to move the same amount of oil before the war started has risen to 40 this month, versus 24 in August. "That 2 million 
bpd uplift in Saudi flows will generate additional demand for 15 VLCCs for shuttle runs alone," Singh said in a 
September 23 note, adding that another 20 VLCCs are effectively trapped in the Mediterranean awaiting Yanbu's return 
to operation. The boost in tanker demand drove the daily time charter rate for a VLCC that delivers oil from the Middle 
East to China to a record $1.27 million on Monday, LSEG data showed. 
 
TANKERS QUEUE FOR STS SERVICES 
The ramp-up in Saudi volumes comes on top of increasing exports from other Gulf suppliers such as Iraq and the United 
Arab Emirates using STS services outside Hormuz, creating queues to access equipment like tugboats and labour, 
traders and analysts said. Before the Iran war, most of the oil cargoes from Gulf producers other than Iran were typically 
lifted directly by buyers. "VLCC STS operations have struggled to keep pace," Vortexa analysts said in a September 21 
note, adding that STS volumes for crude loaded on VLCCs from ports west of Hormuz have remained around 6 million 
bpd since the end of August, or roughly three VLCC pairs starting STS operations daily. "Congestion is getting worse 
near the Strait of Hormuz due to long STS queues," Vortexa analyst Emma Li said in a separate interview, adding that 
an STS operation requires nearly 10 days, up from five to seven days previously. The delays have prompted Chinese 
buyers to ask sellers for alternative STS locations such as off the west coast of India or Malaysia, or to deliver directly to 
refineries, Li said. For example, the Bahri-operated VLCC Gold Shine, which loaded 2 million barrels of Saudi crude 
from Ras Tanura earlier this week, was headed to Quanzhou in eastern China, Kpler and LSEG data showed. Sinochem 
and Fujian Refining, partially owned by Saudi Aramco, operate separate refineries near there. Bahri, Saudi Arabia's 
national shipping company, did not respond to a request for comment, while Saudi Aramco declined to comment. South 
Korean refiner S-Oil, majority-owned by Aramco, is sending two VLCCs to conduct STS off Vadinar on the west coast of 
India, said a trader who participates in the Middle East crude market. S-Oil did not respond to a request for comment. A 
tanker owner who tracks activities in the Malacca Strait said there have been more crude cargo transfers off Malaysia's 
transshipment hub of Linggi recently. A Singapore-based shipbroker who covers the crude tanker market said it could be 
cheaper for supertankers to discharge into smaller ships which then send the cargoes to North Asia than to ship oil 
directly on large vessels.  
 
Saudi oil export strategy hits new hurdle as Red Sea insurance costs soar 
The cost of insuring an oil tanker loaded from Saudi Arabia's main Red Sea port has tripled in recent weeks, industry 
sources told Reuters, adding to the major crude producer's struggles to find a viable channel for its exports. Saudi 
Arabia used its East-West pipeline to divert around 4 million barrels per day - 4% of global supply - to the Red Sea after 
Iran constrained Gulf exports via the Strait of Hormuz from March in response to US and Israeli air strikes. The kingdom 
shut the pipeline on September 11 after drone attacks that it said came from Iraq, where Iran backs some militia groups. 
It is now building volumes back but loadings at the major port of Yanbu have yet to resume, according to industry 
sources, satellite images and shipping data. Quoted war risk premiums for Saudi-linked tankers calling at Yanbu have 
risen to around 3% of a vessel's value, four industry sources told Reuters. They were less than 1% in early July, before 
London's marine insurance market designated that stretch of water as high-risk in response to Yemen's Iran-aligned 
Houthis attacking shipping near the Bab el-Mandeb strait. For ports south of Yanbu, including Jizan, around 50 miles (80 
km) from the border with Yemen, quoted premiums - around 1% in early July - can rise as high as 7%, almost as much 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 


[Page 2]
as transits through Hormuz, which range between 6% and 9%, the sources said, declining to be named due to data 
sensitivity. 
 
HIKE IN QUOTED PREMIUMS HIGHLIGHTS SAUDI DILEMMA  
"It's easier to do the Strait of Hormuz right now ... because at least in the Strait of Hormuz, the US is providing some 
cover. In the Red Sea, there's nothing," Pankaj Khanna, CEO of shipping group Heidmar Maritime Holdings Corp, told 
Reuters. "If you have a Saudi connection, then you have a problem." The Iran-aligned militants who seized swathes of 
the Yemeni coast and captured Perim Island in the middle of the Bab el-Mandeb strait this month have vowed to target 
only vessels linked to Saudi Arabia due to its backing of Yemen's government. Tankers transiting the Red Sea without 
any Saudi connection typically pay between 0.2% and 0.3%, with additional discounts often available, the four industry 
sources said. Khanna said any tanker docking at Yanbu will have a Saudi connection and hence be at risk of being hit. 
Heidmar is avoiding Saudi ports while remaining active in both Hormuz and the Red Sea, he said. The Houthis have 
also targeted Saudi Arabia itself. The kingdom intercepted six ballistic missiles fired by Yemen's Iran-backed Houthis on 
Thursday, including towards the Yanbu area, the Saudi-led coalition in Yemen said. Earlier this week, two trading 
sources said traders were getting ready for Saudi oil loadings in the Red Sea by moving tankers to Egypt's 
Mediterranean Port Said for ship-to-ship transfers. That could allow them to sail south out of the Red Sea via Bab el-
Mandeb instead of heading north through the Suez Canal and then - for Asia-bound cargoes - via southern Africa, a 
much longer and more costly route. There is no public data for agreed rates in the marine insurance market, which could 
vary from those quoted by brokers and underwriters. But the jump in quoted premiums shows that despite Saudi 
Arabia's investment of billions of dollars in infrastructure to provide an alternative export corridor, it now faces similar 
constraints as other Gulf oil producers relying on Hormuz. "We have seen rates certainly north of 7% for all calls south of 
Yanbu," said David Smith, head of marine at insurance broker McGill and Partners. Saudi Arabia's government media 
office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
 
US PROVIDES AIR COVER FOR SHIPS IN HORMUZ BUT NOT RED SEA 
The US-Iran war has prompted some Gulf oil producers to rush to buy their own tankers to protect their oil exports, 
shipping sources say. As a result, the average price of old tankers has soared to above $100 million, five sources said. 
Saudi Arabia this week denied allegations by Iraq that it had bought 25 oil tankers worth an estimated $4.5 billion, 
saying that the rise in oil transport costs was due to other factors linked to the war. War risk premiums typically cover 7-
day voyage periods and are reviewed every 24 hours, meaning a journey from Yanbu could cost $3 million, or some $7 
million from other Saudi ports further south or via Hormuz, up from at least $100,000 before the war. Oil producers also 
need to pay at least $500,000 a day for chartering a tanker, according to industry estimates, and bunker fuel costs 
during the voyage could add another $100,000 or more. The US military has been providing some aerial support to 
ships sailing via Hormuz in recent months, sources have told Reuters. No such protection exists in the Red Sea, where 
the European Union provides security but says it needs more ships. A US official, speaking on condition of anonymity, 
said the United States did not automatically provide protection when asked by private companies. Saudi Arabia's crown 
prince sought US military help this month to counter the Houthis, sources told Reuters, and the Saudi cabinet has 
appointed the Saudi Reinsurance Company to lead the country's marine war risk insurance pool. Corey Ranslem, CEO 
of maritime security group Dryad Global, said Bab el-Mandeb transits remained challenging, with tanker-only figures 
totaling "only a handful of vessels per day". "What continues to move consists primarily of dry bulk cargo, certain 
products, and a limited number of tankers without Saudi affiliations." 
 
US harvest delays send soy processors scrambling for supplies 
Soybean processors in the western US Midwest are offering hefty premiums for immediate deliveries of the oilseed as 
persistent rains delay the early harvest, tightening supplies and forcing some plants to scale back production, according 
to interviews with grain merchandisers and publicly reported company data. The scramble for soybeans has sent cash 
prices soaring, creating an unexpected windfall for farmers able to harvest their crops and get them to market, or sell off 
the last of their old crops. US soybean processing capacity has expanded in recent years, largely due to rising demand 
for biofuel. The USDA has projected that processors will crush a record-high 2.78 billion bushels of soybeans in the 
current crop year, a brisk pace prompted by robust profit margins. Yet some crushers have struggled to keep operating 
this month, analysts said, as supplies from last year's harvest dwindle while the 2026 harvest is off to a slow start. 
Charlie Sernatinger, executive vice president of Marex, said there were "a ton of crush plants out there gasping for 
beans," with potential for soybeans being shipped from eastern regions.  
Top News - Agriculture 


[Page 3]
RAINS SLOW HARVEST 
Many growers are unable to take advantage of the sudden price spike. Late-summer rains have left fields too muddy to 
support harvesting equipment and slowed crops' natural dry-down process, and forecasts called for more showers 
through next week. Iowa farmer Roger Cerven sold off the last of his old-crop soybeans recently, hauling them more 
than 50 miles despite soaring fuel costs, to Bunge's soybean processing plant in Council Bluffs, Iowa. The processor at 
the time was offering a 65-cent premium on every bushel delivered. On Thursday, the premium reached 85 cents per 
bushel for soybeans delivered through Saturday. The soybean crop in Cerven's fields in Montgomery County, southwest 
Iowa, is weeks away from harvest, even if the ground were dry. Friends and neighbors are in the same situation, he 
said. "I don't know anyone who has soybeans to sell right now," Cerven said.  
 
SUDDEN PRICE SURGE 
The sudden surge in cash prices contrasts with conditions a year ago, when local soybean prices were under pressure 
amid renewed US-China trade tensions and a halt in purchases by the world's largest soybean importer. On Thursday, 
global agribusiness giant Cargill was bidding $1 a bushel over the price of Chicago Board of Trade November soybean 
futures for beans delivered to its Sioux City, Iowa, crushing plant on Thursday or Friday, according to the company's 
website. That bid translated to a flat price of $14.17-1/2 a bushel. For deliveries on Saturday, however, Cargill's bid 
drops to 15 cents below November futures — a swing that underscores the demand for immediate soybean supplies. 
Similar short-term premiums were also offered at soy processing sites in Iowa and Minnesota operated by agribusiness 
Archer-Daniels-Midland, cooperative CHS Inc and Iowa-based Shell Rock Soy Processing. 
SCALING BACK CRUSH 
 
Some plants have already scaled back their operations crushing whole soybeans into soymeal, used in livestock feed, 
and soyoil, used for foods and biofuels, because they have been unable to secure sufficient soybean supplies, 
according to two grain merchandisers interviewed by Reuters. As a result, Cargill plants in Cedar Rapids, Iowa Falls and 
Sioux City, Iowa, did not post offers for soymeal due to a lack of supplies, merchandisers said. The shortfall in the cash 
soy market has rippled into the futures market as well. CBOT October soymeal futures surged on Thursday to a life-of-
contract high and traded at an unusual inverse, or premium, to December soymeal futures for the first time in more than 
two years. Officials from Shell Rock Soy Processing declined to comment on Thursday. Cargill, CHS and ADM could not 
immediately be reached for comment.  
 
STRUGGLES ACROSS REGION 
Soy processors in the central and eastern Midwest have struggled with harvest delays as well, prompting some to woo 
farmers with higher prices. Bunge Global SA's soy plant in Decatur, Indiana, raised its soybean bid by 20 cents on 
Thursday, to 25 cents over November futures, for loads delivered by Friday. Bunge could not be reached for comment. 
Excessive rains across central Indiana have muddied fields and prevented farmers from harvesting. Local corn and 
soybean farmers are reporting that heavy rains in August left their crops heavily saturated, and have slowed down the 
natural dry-down process — which in turn is pushing back their crops' maturity dates by several weeks.  
 
US eases screwworm ban on Mexican cattle, but beef prices unlikely to budge 
The United States plans to reopen the biggest port for livestock inspections along the US-Mexican border on Thursday, 
expanding America's cattle supplies but not slashing record-high beef prices, government and industry officials said. The 
US Department of Agriculture said last week it will resume livestock trade at a port in Santa Teresa, New Mexico, after 
blocking imports from Mexico last year in an attempt to keep out New World screwworm. The pest, which can decimate 
cattle if left untreated, was found in a calf in Texas in June, rattling ranchers and futures markets as some producers 
feared cases would explode. But infestations have been relatively contained, and USDA says it can safely widen trade 
with Mexico, where cases have continued to climb. The current count of two active US cases includes a horse in New 
Mexico, about 160 miles from Santa Teresa. The import ban helped push US ground beef prices to a record near $7 per 
pound last month, contributing to rising concerns about food affordability ahead of midterm elections in November. 
President Donald Trump has struggled to bring down prices despite a bevy of policies and other pronouncements, 
including low-tariff imports and an investigation into meatpackers. The port reopening will not immediately lower prices 
because it takes about five to eight months to raise imported Mexican cattle to be ready for slaughter, experts said. 
Further, US supplies will remain tight after persistent dryness has driven ranchers to maintain ever-smaller herds over 
the past seven years. "There's not going to be a change in beef supply from those cattle crossing the border anytime 
soon," said Jeff Stolle, vice president of marketing for Nebraska Cattlemen, an industry group.  
 
SCARCE CATTLE SUPPLIES 
The US had 86.2 million cattle in January, a 75-year low. Ranchers historically relied on Mexican cattle to supplement 
supplies, with the Santa Teresa port inspecting about 43% of imports in the last five years, according to USDA. Now, 


[Page 4]
750 to 1,600 cattle per day are expected to enter at Santa Teresa, down from a high around 3,000 per day, as USDA 
imposes treatment protocols to ensure animals are not infested, New Mexico Agriculture Secretary Jeff Witte said. "The 
percentage impact of that is not that great," Witte said. Imports could help ease pressure on feedlots operating below 
capacity, he added. A month ago, USDA resumed imports at a smaller port in Douglas, Arizona. About 6,500 cattle have 
crossed there so far, data show. 
 
FEW SCREWWORM CASES 
New Mexico officials said they felt confident about the safety of resuming trade due to protocols at ports; the low number 
of US cases; and USDA's rapid response to infestations by releasing sterile flies that combat wild screwworm flies. "This 
is not where I thought we would be at this point in the response, given how it was coming up through Mexico," Witte 
said. Officials in New Mexico were seeking to determine how the horse, which had not traveled anywhere, became 
infested, State Veterinarian Samantha Holeck said. They were investigating whether someone may have unwittingly 
carried screwworm to the area, which is popular for hunting and trail riding, she said. In Texas, wild animals likely spread 
the pest, experts said. USDA has not confirmed infestations in wildlife, though, raising questions about the accuracy of 
its case count. The agency also has not caught wild screwworm flies in traps. Wildlife cases may be difficult to find 
because small mammals often hide when they get sick and then die, said Thomas Lansford, Texas' assistant state 
veterinarian. It is a good sign traps are not catching wild flies, he said. "That means that population, if it's still there, is 
very, very low in the environment," Lansford said. USDA said it will next consider reopening a port in Columbus, New 
Mexico. 
ANALYSIS-China's rare earths dominance to overshadow Trump's talks with Xi 
The US will remain reliant on China for rare earths well into the 2030s even as it rapidly builds its own mining and 
processing facilities, a stark imbalance facing President Donald Trump as he meets on Thursday with Chinese 
counterpart Xi Jinping. Rare earths, which are among the 60 minerals considered critical by Washington, must be 
processed before they are turned into magnets and other materials used to make weapons, automobiles, computers and 
myriad other goods. While US output of the two most-commonly used rare earths has more than tripled since Trump 
returned to office last year, the country can only meet 42% of its demand and within five years will still rely on imports for 
nearly a quarter of its demand, according to data from Benchmark Mineral Intelligence, a minerals consulting firm. 
China, the world's dominant rare earths miner and refiner, last year agreed to delay restrictions on exports until 
November 10. A potential extension of those export delays is on the agenda for Xi and Trump when they meet in 
Washington. The White House had set its own January 2027 deadline to block imports of Chinese rare earths, a goal 
that will be all but impossible to meet. "The goal isn't for the US to replace China as the dominant global supplier," said 
Coco Zhang, an analyst at ING. "The more realistic objective is to build a meaningful alternative supply chain that can 
protect strategic sectors during periods of geopolitical disruption." Trump has made rare earths a national security 
priority since returning to office, pouring billions of dollars into MP Materials, USA Rare Earth, Energy Fuels and others 
in an attempt to loosen China's grip. While those investments have started to bear fruit, the country's ongoing need for 
imports underscores Trump's weak bargaining position with Xi and the broader complexity of creating a rare earths 
industry from scratch after the US all but abandoned the sector in the late 20th century. "We have to build this properly 
with urgency," said Kunal Sinha, founder of minerals processing startup Valor. "And when we build this up, we will be 
able to meet that demand." Additionally, the US processes hardly any of the so-called heavy rare earths used in military 
applications, although its output of those hyper-specialized minerals should rise by 2031 even as it falls short of 
demand, according to the Benchmark data. 
 
CHINA DOMINATES PROCESSING  
Rare earths processing has proved complex for the US to master given the chemical and mechanical difficulties of 
separating the 17 rare earths from each other. "Western countries are in a stronger position to reduce their reliance on 
China, but replacing Chinese supply across the full value chain is much more difficult," said Todd Downing, a minerals 
analyst with consultancy Project Blue. To be sure, US rare earths companies are growing. MP Materials, for instance, 
earlier this month began delivering magnets made from its own refined rare earths to General Motors as part of a deal 
inked in 2021. USA Rare Earth has been an acquisition spree this year after US government investment, buying a 
Brazilian mine and a French processing plant. Energy Fuels earlier this year agreed to buy a company that had built a 
major magnet facility in South Carolina. "Rare earths domestic onshoring is moving forward," said Tim Moore, a rare 
earths analyst with financial services firm Clear Street. "It's early innings, but it's happening." Startups, including Nth 
Cycle, Ucore Rare Metals and others, have been experimenting with new ways to refine rare earths. "The US continues 
to make a lot of rapid progress in developing our capacity to produce materials across the supply chain," said Albert 
Top News - Metals 


[Page 5]
Gore, head of ZETA, an electric vehicle trade group. The EV industry is a large user of rare earth magnets. Even still, 
some Chinese suppliers have begun holding back shipments to the US due to fears of offending Beijing, Reuters 
reported earlier this month. That could pose a wider threat to US manufacturers if Xi opts to formally block exports. Ford 
Motor last year, for example, temporarily shuttered US factories after supplies of Chinese rare earths dried up. "We are 
all working very hard to stand up the processing capacity as quickly as we can," said Megan O'Connor, CEO of Nth 
Cycle, which developed technology it says can process rare earths and earlier this week signed a $1 billion supply 
agreement with Glencore.  
 
Indian copper producers urge government to cut indirect tax to 5% from 18% 
Indian copper producers have urged the government to reduce the indirect goods and services tax (GST) on copper 
products to 5% from 18%, arguing that the current rate locks up more than 490 billion rupees ($5.11 billion) in working 
capital. The petition by Bharat Metal Exchange (BME) and copper producers including Hindalco Industries, Vedanta Ltd, 
billionaire Gautam Adani's Kutch Copper Ltd and Hindustan Copper was sent to the GST Council, chaired by the federal 
finance minister, on September 22. The letter was shared by BME with Reuters. "The current 18% GST rate immobilises 
critical working capital across an unusually long (four to five months) processing and conversion cycle," the letter said. 
The tax burden leaves little for procurement of raw materials and other business expenditures given rising copper prices, 
an official with BME said. Copper producers have committed 440 billion rupees in capital expenditure by 2030 that would 
create an estimated 45,000 jobs, BME's letter said. Copper prices on the London Metal Exchange touched a record high 
of $14,875 a metric ton earlier this month. India, which is the world's second-biggest refined copper importer, may have 
to import 91% to 97% of its copper concentrates by 2047, according to the government. The country's copper imports 
rose 4% to 1.2 million metric tons in fiscal 2025. Demand is expected to climb to 3 million metric tons to 3.3 million 
metric tons by 2030 and 8.9 million metric tons to 9.8 million metric tons by 2047, the government has said.  
 
GRAPHIC-High European gas prices push power producers back to coal 
Soaring gas prices are driving European utilities back to coal, with power generation from the most polluting fuel likely to 
jump by a quarter in the next six months to offset a similar plunge in gas-fired generation, analysts said. The Iran-US 
war has choked liquefied natural gas shipments through the Strait of Hormuz, sending benchmark European gas prices 
above €80 ($90.98) per megawatt hour this month, their highest in three years. That has made coal and lignite plants 
more profitable to run on average than gas-fired equivalents for the first time since at least 2024, according to data from 
analytics firm ICIS, reversing the economics that had helped push coal steadily out of Europe's electricity mix. But the 
power system has little additional flexibility if gas prices climb further, with Europe's ability to fall back further on coal 
increasingly limited after years of plant closures. Coal's share of Europe's generation mix fell from more than a third of 
all electricity production in the EU in 1990 to its lowest point on record at 9.2% in 2025, Eurostat data showed. 
Governments and utilities have closed large amounts of coal-fired capacity as renewable generation has expanded, but 
periods of high gas prices can still make the remaining plants economically attractive. The so-called "clean dark spread", 
a measure of coal-generation profitability, has soared since the conflict began in late February, while the equivalent 
measure for gas, the "clean spark spread", has plunged. While renewables can offset some fossil-fuel generation, their 
output depends on weather conditions. Utilities still rely on coal and gas plants to balance the power system when 
renewable output is insufficient to meet demand or when solar supply drops over the winter. 
 
COAL PLANTS NEARING THEIR LIMITS 
The shift towards coal is particularly pronounced in Germany, Europe's biggest power market and gas consumer. Coal-
fired generation is expected to be close to its practical limit in the fourth quarter, matching the strongest quarterly output 
the remaining fleet has ever delivered, carbon market data provider Veyt data showed. Almost all remaining spare coal 
capacity is constrained by plant availability rather than economics, its data showed. That leaves relatively little room for 
power producers to respond to another gas-price spike by switching fuels. "Even if the price of gas reaches €100/MWh, 
the power sector could not react that much more," ICIS analyst Florian Boehnke said. 
 
COAL TO REMAIN DOMINANT TO 2028 
The shift may also prove more persistent than an immediate response to the disruption in LNG supplies. Coal is 
expected to remain cheaper than gas for power generation through next year and potentially until March 2028, 
according to Marta Wroniszewska, an analyst at Veyt. Longer-dated gas prices indicate traders expect supply 
constraints to persist, she said. Germany's closure of its last nuclear power plant in 2023 has further reduced the 
system's flexibility. The shutdown came after gas prices had fallen from the record highs reached during Europe's 
scramble to replace Russian gas supplies following the energy crisis. 
Top News - Carbon & Power 


[Page 6]
India sees coal remaining power mainstay through 2035-36 
India expects coal to supply about half its electricity through 2035-36 as surging power demand forces the country to 
rely on thermal generation alongside a rapid expansion of renewable energy, senior power ministry officials said on 
Thursday. "Thermal is here to stay for a long time," said Aadhar Raj, joint secretary in India's Ministry of Power, at an 
industry event by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry. India's first priority was ensuring 
adequate electricity supplies, followed by making power affordable, sustainable and reliable, Raj said, describing energy 
security as a national security issue. India is also looking beyond burning coal for electricity and towards coal 
gasification to produce hydrocarbons, which Raj said could replace imports. The comments highlight the challenge 
facing India as rapidly increasing electricity consumption requires it to expand coal-fired generation even as the world's 
third-largest greenhouse gas emitter accelerates the addition of cleaner power sources. Coal will still account for about 
half of India's electricity generation in 2035-36, said Praveen Gupta, a senior official at the Central Electricity Authority, 
an adviser to the power ministry. India currently has around 224 gigawatts of coal-fired capacity and plans to raise that 
to about 315 GW by 2035-36. India has about 50 GW of coal capacity under construction, including 31 GW awarded 
over the past two years, Gupta said. Another 15 GW has been awarded but construction has yet to begin, while about 
10 GW to 11 GW of additional capacity needs to be awarded, with potential projects at various stages of approval, 
Gupta said. 
 
Hormuz commodity ship transits fall to nine, shiptracking data shows 
Vessel transits at the Strait of Hormuz fell on Thursday to 9, compared with the previous day's 14, preliminary 
shiptracking data showed. Of those, eight ships exited, according to the data. The 10-day average of transits is 18. 
Some vessels may be sailing through the waterway with their transponders turned off and are not considered in the 
counts. Of the eight exits, one was a ballast very large gas carrier and one was a laden very large crude carrier (VLCC). 
The rest of the exits were made by Panamax, Supramax, short-range and medium-range tankers. The vessel that 
entered the strait was a dry bulk handymax carrier. Before the Iran war started on February 28, the strait typically 
handled about 125 large, commercial vessels per day, including tankers, gas carriers, bulkers and container vessels, 
accounting for some 20% of the world’s daily crude oil and liquefied natural gas supply. At the Bab el-Mandeb strait, ship 
transits on Thursday were little changed from Wednesday at 26, with 12 ships entering and 14 ships exiting, Kpler data 
showed. Of the ships that entered, one was a laden VLCC carrying Iraqi Basrah crude bound for Egypt with its 
transponder switched on. 
 
US farmers push for China commitments on imports as Trump and Xi talk trade 
Soybeans, sorghum and other US farm goods are expected to be high on the agenda at this week's summit between US 
President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping, joining rare earths trade and artificial intelligence as a focus 
of contention. US farmers, a key Trump constituency, want China to buy more soybeans and other US agricultural 
products such as grains and meat, and to ease its retaliatory tariffs on American farm goods. Shoring up trade with one 
of the world's largest importers of US crops could give a boost to the president and his Republican Party, who are facing 
headwinds going into November's midterm elections. Global trade disruptions caused by Trump's tariffs and an inflation-
stoking war with Iran have rattled the farm sector and made food, fuel and other everyday purchases more costly. But a 
win for US agriculture looks unlikely, analysts said, with the two sides expected to recommit to previous crop purchase 
targets without inking any new deals. China has been able to meet its import needs in large part with shipments from 
other suppliers such as Brazil, while demand from elsewhere for US crops has remained resilient despite the Chinese 
trade hurdles. Beijing has often used soybeans, America's most valuable farm export, as a bargaining chip when the two 
countries butt heads on trade. China is by far the world's largest soybean importer, and ever-expanding South American 
production has given China the option to curb or altogether halt US purchases when trade ties sour. "They've worked 
hard to diversify their soybean portfolio away from America," said Jim McCormick, chief operating officer at 
AgMarket.net. The US soybean industry has also moved to diversify by trading with other, much smaller markets, while 
increasing domestic consumption for biofuels. China remains an important market for the sector, taking in about one-half 
of all US soybean exports in recent years, although that has shrunk from its nearly two-thirds share before Trump first 
entered the White House nearly a decade ago. China halted crop purchases from the US for months last year after 
Trump slapped steep tariffs on Chinese goods, and Beijing's 10% retaliatory tariff on soybeans and other US farm goods 
remains in place. Since the tariff does not apply to Brazil or other rival crop suppliers, US goods have struggled to 
compete. State-run importers COFCO and Sinograin returned to the US soybean market this summer despite cheaper 
supplies available from Brazil, as Beijing engaged with US negotiators over broader trade issues. But private Chinese 
companies have avoided US cargoes as tariffs made US soy costlier than South American supplies. "What's preventing 
the private crushers from entering into the market is that final tariff," said a US soybean exporter, who asked not to be 
Top News - Dry Freight  


[Page 7]
named because he is not authorized to speak to the media. Removing the tariff would put the price of US soybeans at 
Pacific Northwest ports on par with Brazilian shipments, he said. Farm groups including the American Soybean 
Association and the National Sorghum Producers sent letters to Trump last week urging him to persuade China to scrap 
its retaliatory tariffs and to solidify its purchasing commitments. The groups are also pushing Trump not to resume 
charging fees on Chinese-built or Chinese-operated ships when they enter US ports. The fees, worth millions of dollars 
per port call, were suspended shortly after taking effect last year, but that suspension is due to expire in November, in 
the middle of the US harvest. 
 
MIXED RESULTS 
China's commitments to expand US agricultural purchases have shown mixed results since a summit last year in Busan, 
South Korea, and a meeting in Beijing in May. Analysts and traders say China is on pace to meet its commitment in 
Busan to buy 25 million metric tons of soybeans annually, but its pledge to import $17 billion annually in grains, meat 
and other farm goods is far less certain. As of September 10, the US Department of Agriculture had confirmed nearly 10 
million metric tons of US soybean sales to China from this year's crop. Additionally, traders and analysts believe at least 
half of the 6 million tons of sales reported to undisclosed destinations through September 10 represent purchases by 
China. China has yet to purchase any US corn for the current season, while sorghum purchases have not increased as 
much as many traders had expected. Recent large purchases of corn and sorghum from Brazil, however, suggest China 
has an appetite for imports, traders said. They added that disruptions to Black Sea shipping due to the Russia-Ukraine 
war have cut off Ukrainian corn cargoes to China, which could steer demand to the United States. The National 
Sorghum Producers urged Trump to push for a "concrete and enforceable annual commitment" from China to buy 5 
million to 7 million metric tons of US sorghum, an increase from annual imports of roughly 4 million to 5 million tons 
before the trade war. In the longer term, US farm groups are urging the Trump administration to work towards a less 
turbulent agricultural trade relationship with China by including soybeans, sorghum and other crops among a list of non-
sensitive trade items covered by a proposed US-China board of trade, which would allow trade of agricultural 
commodities to continue while more sensitive trade topics are discussed. After a framework agreement in May to launch 
the bilateral trade board, Trump and Xi may discuss further details during talks. 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Ahona Sengupta in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
