[Page 1]
25 September 2026
Macro & Markets:
The Second Burn
Marketing communication
Jan von Gerich
Bond yields have seen another jump, and while it is easy to ﬁnd arguments for
a further rise, cyclical considerations already support a correction lower. More
signs of broadening price pressures should surface soon to keep the ECB on a
hiking path.
“Because we are now facing a second wave of energy price increases, we think there will be upward
pressure on food, energy more broadly – including electricity – and goods in general, while pressure on
services remains contained.” – Philip Lane, Member of the ECB’s Executive Board on 22 September
Rising bond yields and interest rate expectations have remained in focus this week. After some signs of a
correction lower, the violent move higher this week, triggered by strong US economic data, served as a
reminder that the upward pressure has not subsided. Many maturities hit fresh multi-year highs, while it is
still dicult to argue that yields could not rise further. That the moves took place without new highs in energy
prices strengthens the signals of a rather poor bond market sentiment. EUR/USD, in turn, has continued to
fall, and we see more room for the USD to perform.
The still relatively limited spill-over to, for example, corporate bond spreads still suggests that fears of higher
yields threatening economic growth remain relatively contained for now, which in itself leaves more room for
yields to rise. While we continue to see more upside potential for longer yields in the medium term, markets
are already pricing in clearly more tightening from both the Fed and the ECB than in our baseline forecasts. In
other words, we ﬁnd that the cyclical case for yields to rise further has clearly weakened.
The data release that triggered a big move higher in yields this week was the US S&P flash PMI report, which
showed the composite output PMI surging from 56.0 to 58.4, its highest level in more than ﬁve years. High
activity does not come without challenges, with the press release from S&P noting supply-chain
bottlenecks, increasing diculties in ﬁnding suitable sta and growing backlogs of work, which,
together with rising input costs, fueled inflation worries further. It is worth noting that the US PMI
data have been volatile from month to month and that the alternative ISM indices remain lower, although
the September readings have yet to be released and the indices remain at healthy levels. In any case, the
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 2]
US economy continues to perform strongly, as illustrated by the Atlanta Fed GDPNow estimate pointing to
annualised quarterly growth of more than 5% in Q3.
Euro-area PMI data beat expectations as well, though the levels are far less spectacular than in the US.
Composite new orders are now at their highest level since 2022 despite high energy prices, which, together
with the renewed rise in the price index,supports the outlook forcontinued ECB rate hikes.
In the Nordics, Norges Bank hiked rates and retained a tightening bias, while the Riksbank stayed put
butsignalled a hike before the end of the year.
Long yields see another jump
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 3]
Contained credit spreads give no signals of broadening worries despite higher
bond yields
Strong PMI data released from the US
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 4]
Euro-area PMIs heading higher
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 5]
Should we already see energy inflation spilling over to broader price
pressures?
The ECB has now raised rates twice by 25bp each at quarterly intervals. Despite a rapid increase in headline
inflation driven by higher energy prices, such a moderate pace of rate hikes has been enabled by the limited
signs of broadening price pressures and the lack of second-round eects, i.e. spill-overs into higher
wages, for now.
The fact that broader price pressures induced by an upward energy shock become visible only with a lag is no
surprise, but the length of such a lag varies and is dicult to estimate. While no two cycles are alike and there
are obvious dierences from the situation in 2021–2023, comparing current inflation developments with that
episode oers some insights. At that time, the economy was in a dierent state because of the pandemic, its
lingering impact on supply chains and the recovery taking place especially in the services sector. On the other
hand, the jump seen in, for example, oil and gas prices this spring occurred much faster than in 2021–2023,
when energy prices increased more slowly at ﬁrst and surged only in 2022.
In any case, the rise in energy inflation this year has been broadly similar to that seen in 2021 in the
euro area, which oers a decent starting point for comparing how realised inflation broadened during the
energy shock that started in 2021 with the current episode.
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 6]
Energy inflation has risen more or less in line with the energy shock in 2021–
2022
Oil and gas prices spiked faster this time than in 2021
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 7]
Euro-area core inflation started to climb further above 2% around 9–10 months after energy inflation
rosein 2021–2022, in year-on-year terms, though a clear upward move was already visible 4–5 months after
energy inflation began to rise. So far in this cycle, core inflation has shown no real signs of accelerating, but it
makes sense to take a closer look at the underlying categories.
Looking at the main categories outside energy, food and non-energy industrial goods should react faster
than broader services, where wage inflation is the key determinant.
In 2021, food inflation started to accelerate less than six months after energy inflation began to rise
more notably. No such development has occurred this time, and food inflation has actually eased somewhat
lately. However, faster food inflation in 2021 was also driven by weather shocks and post-pandemic supply
frictions.
Food and core inflation have shown few signs of picking up yet
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 8]
Inflation innon-energy industrial goods accelerated more clearly 5–6 months after energy inflation
rose in 2021. Again, post-pandemic supply-chain strains were likely the main driver. This is the only major
category outside energy to have shown an impact so far, and the lag broadly matches the one seen in 2021.
However, there are also reasons for the recent increase in this cycle that go beyond energy, although, for
example, higher shipping and logistics costs as well as pricier metals and chemicals are also linked to the
situation in the Middle East. Higher semiconductor prices, in turn, are driven by the very strong demand in
that category.
Finally, services inflation started to accelerate around six months after energy inflation rose in 2021, though
at that point mainly due to the re-opening after the pandemic and only later on more due to higher wages,
supporting the notion that second-round eects usually take time to materialise. So far, services inflation
has moved mainly sideways, in line with the ECB’s view that no second-round eects have emerged
yet.
Inflation in non-energy industrial goods started to show some upward
momentum
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 9]
As for inflation expectations, the starting level in 2021 was low, and market-implied inflation expectations
climbed for a long time after energy prices began to rise. There has been a modest uptrend in, for
example, the 2Y2Y inflation swap rate this time as well, but so far the moves have been too small to worry
the ECB much.
Rise in market-implied inflation expectations has been relatively contained so
far
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 10]
To sum up, the comparison with the previous energy shock, which started in 2021, does not provide a clear
roadmap, and many uncertainties remain. However, the experience of that episode suggests that spill-
over eects from higher energy prices should gradually begin to be reflected in other prices as
well. For now, the limited evidence of broadening price pressures supports the ECB’s gradual approach to
monetary tightening, while a continued lack of broadening price pressures would limit the ECB’s need to
tighten policy further. However, our baseline remains one of broadening pressures and some second-
round eects on wages, which should keep the ECB on a hiking path at least until the ﬁrst quarter of
2027.
Jan von Gerich
Chief Analyst
jan.vongerich@nordea.com
358953005191
corporate.nordea.com/article/104491/macro-markets-the-second-burn


[Page 11]
 
 
 
 
 
 
DISCLAIMERNordea Markets is the commercial name for Nordea’s international capital markets operation. The information provided herein is intended for background information only and for the sole use of the intended recipient. The views and other information provided herein are the current views of Nordea Markets as of the date of this document and are subj
ect to change without notice. This notice is not an exhaustive description of the described 
product or the risks related to it, and it should not be relied on as such, nor is it a substitute for the judgement of the recipient. The information provided her
ein is not intended to constitute and does not constitute investment advice nor is the 
information intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. The information contained herein has no regard to the specific inv
estment objectives, the financial situation or particular needs of any 
particular recipient. Relevant and specific professional advice should always be obtained before making any investment or credit decision. It is important to note that past performance 
is not indicative of future results. 
Nordea Markets is not and does not purport to be an adviser as to legal, taxation, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. This document may not be reproduced, distributed or published for any purpose wi
thout the prior written consent from 
Nordea Markets.In the United States, to the extent that this publication or report includes an analysis of the price or market for any derivative and is not otherwise exempt from the applicable U.S. Commodity Futures T
rading Commission (CFTC) 
regulations, it is approved for distribution in the United States to US persons that are eligible contract participants from a CFTC perspective. Nordea Bank Abp is a provisionally registered swap dealer with the CFTC. Any derivativ
es 
transactions with US persons must be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Dodd
-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act.Nordea Bank Abp, Satamaradankatu 5, FI
-00020 NORDEA, Finland, domicile Helsinki, Business ID 2858394
- 9 
Fu rther information on Nordea available on 
www.nordea.com
