[Page 1]
Flash Fixed Income
Why markets may be wrong on rate hikes
16 September 2026
The Federal Reserve’s (Fed) 25 basis point (bp) interest rate hike 
on September 16 did not come as a surprise. Having delivered a 
hawkish speech at Jackson Hole last month, a hot inflation print 
for August had effectively tied the hands of Kevin Warsh, unless 
he wished to revisit the sort of steepening in the US Treasury 
(UST) curve he saw after the Fed’s July meeting. 
After all, the arguments for a hike were numerous: strong growth 
boosted by AI-driven spending, a stable labour market operating 
at full employment, and inflation that has now been running above 
target for 65 consecutive months and, thanks to the conflict in 
Iran, is currently on the rise.
That said, you could argue that this unwelcome trend has been 
driven by several shocks – Covid-19, tariffs, Iran – that will 
eventually fade from the numbers, while inflation expectations 
(as measured by breakeven rates) have been remarkably stable 
and close to 2%. While the labour market is at full employment, 
wage growth has declined from the peak in 2022 and, in our view, 
is more consistent with a level of core inflation at 2%. Hiking now 
might endanger a growth backdrop that is already experiencing 
some level of demand destruction from commodity price 
increases, so hiking into a supply shock could have the effect of 
magnifying the issues rather than suppressing them. 
These are the discussions we believe Warsh and his Federal Open 
Market Committee (FOMC) will have had, versions of which we 
have heard from various central bankers (in the US and beyond) 
since the end of February.
Bond yields have tracked the oil price
However, a simpler way to look at this, particularly in recent 
weeks, is that the bond market is following the oil price. Market 
pricing has essentially gone from pricing two 25bp cuts from the 
Fed (and the Bank of England) this year to multiple hikes, with 
the short end bearing the brunt of the curve bear flattening. The 
differential between two- and 10-year UST yields has shrunk by 
30bp since the end of February, with both maturities becoming 
more sensitive to oil (WTI) price movements in the recent grind 
higher (see the two-year move in Exhibit 1), reflecting a market 
that appears increasingly despondent about the prospect for 
some form of concrete resolution to hostilities in the Middle East.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Included for illustrative purposes 
only. Shown in local currency terms. It is not possible to invest directly into an index and they will not be 
actively managed. Source: Bloomberg,
Credit market performance
Gordon Shannon
Partner, Co-Head of 
Investment Grade, industry 
experience since 2007.
George Curtis
Partner, Portfolio 
Management, industry 
experience since 2012.
Total return YTD (%)
Total return last 30 days (%)
Yield (%)
Duration (yrs)
EUR IG
-0.85
-1.45
4.13
4.31
GBP IG
-0.30
-0.24
5.87
5.53
US IG
-0.78
-0.36
5.68
6.26
EUR HY
0.95
-1.13
6.08
3.10
GBP HY
2.64
0.05
9.08
2.68
US HY
1.84
-0.60
7.59
3.20
EM HY
4.08
-0.62
7.70
3.91
Euro Senior Banks
-0.49
-1.24
3.99
3.55
COCO
2.40
-0.88
6.28
3.65
Page 1 of 5
Key takeaways
•	
The Fed’s September rate hike bolstered its credibility on 
inflation, but bond yields have essentially been tracking 
the oil price in their recent grind higher.
•	
Market pricing points to three more hikes from the Fed, 
but we think this assumes oil prices stay high without 
hitting growth and dismisses the chance of a resolution in 
the Middle East.
•	
With two-year UST yields at around 4.7%, we think short 
end yields may offer an attractive potential hedge against 
both downside growth catalysts and lower oil prices.
Flash Fixed Income


[Page 2]
We see this not just in that correlation, but also in what market 
pricing implies about interest rate moves over the next 18 months. 
In effect, the market projects that developed market central banks 
are at the start of a hiking cycle which will see rates peak in the 
middle of next year and remain there through the rest of 2027. The 
Fed is projected to hike to 4.5%, the Bank of England to 4.8% and 
the European Central Bank to 3.25%, which would equate to four, 
four and five 25bp hikes respectively since the start of 2026. The 
broadly consistent cycle is interesting in itself given the differences 
in sensitivity of demand, wage growth and energy dependence 
between the different economies.
Exhibit 1: Two-year UST yields have followed the oil price
Source: Bloomberg, 16 September 2026
3
3.2
3.4
3.6
3.8
4
4.2
4.4
4.6
4.8
5
50
60
70
80
90
100
110
120
Jan 2026
Feb 2026
Mar 2026
Apr 2026
May 2026
Jun 2026
Jul 2026
Aug 2026
Sept 2026
WTI oil price
2yr UST yield
%
Price
($) 
Rates dashboard
Change (bp)
Current %
1w
1m
YTD
US Treasury
2yr
4.66
8
50
119
10yr
4.93
-3
24
76
30yr
5.28
-8
2
44
UK Gilt
2yr
4.74
-14
38
100
10yr
5.22
-15
19
74
30yr
5.74
-19
-5
53
German Bund
2yr
3.23
-1
43
110
10yr
3.48
-2
27
62
30yr
3.84
-5
11
36
Market 
projection
Change (bp)
Current %
1w
1m
YTD
Base rate 
4.00%
end-2026
4.28
11
35
118
end-2027
4.61
7
58
131
Base rate 
3.75%
end-2026
4.17
-5
13
83
end-2027
4.74
-15
44
118
Base rate 
2.50%
end-2026
2.84
-2
22
82
end-2027
3.31
-4
54
98
Indicative market indices, data as at 17 September 2026. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Included for illustrative purposes 
only. Shown in local currency terms. It is not possible to invest directly into an index and they will not be actively managed. Source: Bloomberg, TwentyFour.
Page 2 of 5
Exhibit 2: Market pricing implies US rates may hit 4.5%
Source: Bloomberg, 16 September 2026
Sept 2025
Oct 2025
Nov 2025
Dec 2025 Jan 2026
Feb 2026 Mar 2026 Apr 2026
May 2026
Jun 2026
Jul 2026
Aug 2026 Sept 2026
2.5
3
3.5
4
4.5
5
%
Market-implied peak Fed funds rate in June 2027


[Page 3]
How many hikes?
A bona fide hiking cycle is certainly possible. For this to be a “one 
and done” rate hike from the Fed would be historically unusual 
(it did happen once in 1997 before the Asian financial crisis). 
Ultimately, a quarter-point increase  likely wouldn’t do much to 
tighten financial conditions, and if the Fed thinks inflation is too 
high (for reasons to do with oil as well as other reasons), it would 
need to tighten financial conditions sufficiently to move the needle 
on reducing demand. Warsh highlighted as much at the July 
meeting by saying the Fed was not in the “fine-tuning” business, 
and he stayed the course at this month’s press conference when 
he said this summer’s inflation readings “do not tell me that 
underlying trends have meaningfully improved.” 
It is also worth noting that the futures markets that produce the 
chart above provide a point-in-time estimate for where the Fed 
funds rate might end up next year, but it is not a forecast. The 
futures-implied policy path contains a risk premium, and investors 
might be willing to pay that premium to hedge against higher 
rates.
Market rate expectations look exaggerated
However, we think the implied policy path shown in Exhibit 2 
assumes oil prices increase further from here and stay high, that 
growth remains solid, and that 100bp or more of hikes on top of 
the reduction in real income growth from the commodity price 
increase does nothing to weaken demand. 
In our view, that implied policy path would also appear to dismiss 
the chance of a resolution in the Middle East. While our level of 
expertise when it comes to US-Iran relations is about the same 
as many other market participants (i.e. low), we still view both 
sides as incentivised to come to a deal eventually. While that 
might mean an escalation in the near term (President Trump is 
likely to wait until after midterms to re-engage in efforts towards 
a resolution), we view the chance of no oil flowing through the 
Strait of Hormuz 12 months from now as relatively low, in part as 
countries build supply chains away from Iran.
In other words, the bond market seems to be pricing a 
continuation of the negative supply environment from an oil 
perspective (in the total volume of hikes being priced, if not the 
timing) with little chance of a resolution, while ignoring the fact 
that if the oil price does continue to increase, we should expect 
growth expectations to start declining.
Short end yields have plenty priced in
One final point is around the neutral rate, the interest rate that 
neither stimulates nor restricts economic activity. Discussions 
around “R*” can generally be taken with a pinch of salt since, 
much like term premium, it has to be inferred and can only be 
seen after the fact (with a reasonably wide confidence interval). 
It is true that AI might increase the real neutral rate via higher 
investment demand and/or higher future incomes, but it could 
also lower the real neutral rate via lower prices and/or higher 
savings. Interestingly, the “dot plot” in the Fed’s latest Summary 
of Economic Projections showed the median FOMC member 
projection for long term rates had moved higher by 25bp in 
September, though Warsh in his press conference described the 
neutral rate as being useful academically but not operationally.
We therefore conclude that the market-implied policy path is 
plausible given the backdrop of strong growth and higher inflation, 
but we disagree on the destination of that rate path. The market 
currently appears to be pricing in a 100bp hiking cycle from the 
Fed into an oil shock that lasts through the next 12 months, and 
assuming the US economy absorbs that shock from a growth 
perspective.
In our view, even if that does happen, given two-year UST yields 
are now sitting above 4.7%, elevated yields at the short end are 
offering investors a relatively cheap hedge against both downside 
growth catalysts and lower oil prices.
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Vontobel
Important information
Important information
The views expressed represent the opinions of TwentyFour as at 16 September 2026, 
they may change, and may also not be shared by other members of the Vontobel Group. 
The analysis is based on publicly available information as of the date above and is for 
informational purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice or a 
personal recommendation. References to holdings and/or other companies are for 
illustrative purposes only and should not be considered a recommendation to buy, hold, 
or sell any security discussed herein.
Any projections, forecasts or estimates contained herein are based on a variety of 
estimates and assumptions. Market expectations and forward-looking statements 
are opinion, they are not guaranteed and are subject to change. There can be no 
assurance that estimates or assumptions regarding future financial performance of 
countries, markets and/or investments will prove accurate, and actual results may 
differ materially. The inclusion of projections or forecasts should not be regarded as 
an indication that TwentyFour or the Vontobel Group considers the projections or 
forecasts to be reliable predictors of future events, and they should not be relied upon 
as such. We reserve the right to make changes and corrections to the information and 
opinions expressed herein at any time, without notice..
Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Investing involves risk, 
including possible loss of principal. Value and income received are not guaranteed 
and one may get back less than originally invested. TwentyFour, Vontobel Group, its 
affiliates and the individuals associated therewith may (in various capacities) have 
positions or deal in securities (or related derivatives) identical or similar to those 
described herein.
The index data referenced herein is the property of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & 
Smith Incorporated (BofAML) and/or its licensors and has been licensed for use by 
Vontobel. BofAML and its licensors accept no liability in connection with its use. Index 
comparisons are provided for informational purposes only and should not be used as 
the basis for making an investment decision. It is not possible to invest directly in an 
index and they are not actively managed.
Source: Bloomberg. BLOOMBERG® is a trademark and service mark of Bloomberg 
Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively “Bloomberg”). Bloomberg does not approve 
or endorse this material, or guarantees the accuracy or completeness of any 
information herein, or makes any warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be 
obtained therefrom and, to the maximum extent allowed by law, neither shall have any 
liability or responsibility for injury or damages arising in connection therewith. This 
marketing document was produced and approved by TwentyFour Asset Management 
LLP (“TwentyFour”), a company of the Vontobel Group (collectively “Vontobel”) for 
professional/institutional investors only.
The information contained in this document is not intended for distribution to or use 
by any person or legal entity in any jurisdiction or country in which such distribution or 
use would violate any valid law or regulation or would require Vontobel or its affiliates 
to register within that jurisdiction or country. Vontobel makes no assurances that 
the information contained in this document is suitable for use at all locations or by all 
viewers.
This document does not in any jurisdiction constitute, directly or indirectly, a 
recommendation, offer or solicitation to the public or anyone else to subscribe to, 
purchase, hold or sell a financial instrument and is not to be construed accordingly.
This document is a general communication. It is not independent and was prepared 
exclusively for informational and educational purposes. The information and opinions 
contained in this document (jointly “information”) are not to be taken as forecasts, 
research, recommendations or investment advice, are not intended to predict actual 
results and no assurances are given with respect thereto. Certain information herein 
is based upon forward-looking statements, information and opinions, including 
descriptions of anticipated market changes and expectations of future activity of 
countries, markets and/or investments. We believe such statements, information, 
and opinions are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions. Actual events or 
results may differ materially and, as such, undue reliance should not be placed on such 
forward-looking information. All forecasts, forward-looking statements and estimates 
contained in this document are speculative. Various risks and uncertainties mean 
that it cannot be guaranteed that the estimates or assumptions made will prove to be 
correct and actual events and results may differ significantly from those presented or 
expected in this document. The opinions expressed in this document may change as a 
result of market, economic and other conditions. Information in this document should 
not be interpreted as a recommendation but as an illustration of general economic 
issues. Please note that past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future 
performance and that forecasts are essentially limited and must not be used as an 
indicator for future performance.
All information in this document is provided on the basis of knowledge and/or the 
evaluation of the market at the time of preparing the document or at the time stated 
in the document without making any express or implicit representations or warranties 
of any kind. However such information can become void or change as a result of 
subsequent political or market events or for other reasons. Vontobel reserves the right 
to make changes and corrections to the information and opinions expressed herein 
at any time, without notice, but is under no obligation to do so. Viewers bear sole 
responsibility for decisions made on the basis of information in this document. They 
must not rely on information in this document when making an investment decision or 
any other decision.
This document was not prepared on the basis of individual investor relations. 
Nothing in this document constitutes advice regarding taxes, accounting, regulation, 
law, insurance, investments or any other form of advice regarding subscribing to, 
purchasing, holding or selling securities or other financial instruments, making 
transactions or following particular investment strategies.
Vontobel is not liable for any direct or indirect losses or damage that result from the 
information available in this document, including but not limited to loss of earnings, or 
for any losses or damage incurred as a direct or indirect result of the use of information 
contained in the document.
Vontobel releases itself, insofar as is possible under the applicable law, from any liability 
for direct or indirect damage or losses resulting from the information provided here or 
from the absence of information. Although Vontobel believes that the information in 
this document was compiled with all due care, Vontobel makes no express or implicit 
guarantee of the accuracy or completeness or the information, text, figures or other 
elements included in this document. The document should not be used as a reliable 
basis for decisions. Vontobel accepts no liability in this regard.
The information included in this document does not constitute a contractual 
relationship between the provider of this information and the viewers of this document 
and is not to be interpreted as such.
All aspects of this document are the copyrighted property of Vontobel or third parties. 
Information in this document is intended for your personal, not commercial, use.
Vontobel, members of the management team or employees may have invested in the 
past or currently invest in financial instruments about which information or opinions 
are included in this document, or they may invest in these instruments in future. 
Vontobel may also have provided services in the past, may currently provide services or 
may provide services in the future for issuers of these financial instruments, including 
for example. corporate finance or market making services. It is also possible that 
employees or members of the management team at Vontobel have in the past exercised 
certain functions for the issuers of these financial issuers (e.g. work as member of 
the management team), or that they exercise these currently or will do so in future. 
Vontobel, employees or members of the management team could therefore have a 
personal interest in the future performance of financial instruments.
Distribution to U.S. Persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act of 
1933) by TwentyFour Asset Management (US) LP (“TwentyFour US”), TwentyFour 
Asset Management LLP (“TwentyFour”), and Vontobel Asset Management, Inc. 
(“VAMUS”). TwentyFour US, TwentyFour and VAMUS are registered as investment 
advisers with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in accordance with 
the current version of the 1940 U.S. Investment Advisers Act. Registration as an 
investment adviser with the SEC does not presuppose a particular level of skills or 
expertise. TwentyFour Asset Management LLP is registered in England No. OC335015 
and is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority, FRN 
No. 481888. Registered Office: 8th Floor, The Monument Building, 11 Monument 
Street, London, EC3R 8AF United Kingdom. TwentyFour Asset Management (US) LP 
Registered Office: 66 Hudson Boulevard, 34th Floor, Suite 3401, New York, NY 10001 
USA. TwentyFour US is a wholly-owned subsidiary of TwentyFour Asset Management 
LLP. VAMUS is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vontobel Holding AG, Zurich, Switzerland. 
Copyright TwentyFour Asset Management LLP, 2025 (all rights reserved).
Canada: Information herein is provided for use with permitted clients / institutional 
investors only. Vontobel operates in Canada in connection with our investment and 
business activity pursuant to the following: Vontobel Asset Management Inc. relies 
on the International Adviser Exemption in the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, 
Saskatchewan, Ontario and Quebec and the Investment Fund Manager Exemption in 
Ontario and Quebec. Vontobel Asset Management AG relies on the Investment Fund 
Manager Exemption in the provinces of Ontario and Quebec. TwentyFour relies on the 
International Adviser, International Dealer and Investment Fund Manager Exemptions 
in the province of Ontario.
For US Offshore and LatAm: Information herein prepared and approved for 
institutional / professional investors and approved for use in certain jurisdictions 
only. Vontobel offers a variety of products and services intended solely for qualified 
investors from certain countries or regions. Your country of legal residence will 
determine the products or services that are available to you. Information herein should 
not be considered a solicitation or offering for the sale of any investment product 
or service to any person in any jurisdiction where such solicitation or offer would be 
unlawful or prohibited. Furthermore, this information is not intended for use in any 
jurisdiction which would subject Vontobel and/or TwentyFour to any registration, 
licensing or other authorization requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
In Mexico: None of the funds managed by TwentyFour have been, and are not expected 
to be, registered in the National Registry of Securities maintained by the National 
Banking and Securities Commission (“CNBV”), and therefore may not be offered or 
sold publicly in Mexico. The funds managed by TwentyFour may only be offered or sold 
to qualified and institutional investors in Mexico, pursuant to the private placement 
exemption set forth under Article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law as part 
of a private offer. Australia & New Zealand: Vontobel is represented in Australia by 
Vontobel Asset Management Australia Pty Limited (ABN 80 167 015 698), which 
is the holder of Australian Financial Services Licence number 453140 (“Vontobel 
Australia”). Vontobel and Vontobel Australia are also an Overseas Financial Adviser 
in the meaning of the Financial Advisers Act 2008 of New Zealand (“FAA”). Neither 
Vontobel Australia nor any other member of the Vontobel Group has a presence in 
New Zealand. Hong Kong: The content of this document was not reviewed or approved 
by any regulatory body in Hong Kong, including the Securities and Futures Commission 
in Hong Kong. This document has been approved for use in Hong Kong by Vontobel 
(Hong Kong) Limited, a corporation licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission. 
You are therefore advised to exercise caution and, in the event of doubt regarding 
the contents, to seek independent professional advice. Singapore: This document has 
not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. This document should 
not be considered as a solicitation to the general public or a member of the general 
public in Singapore to subscribe to or purchase financial instruments, either directly or 
indirectly.


[Page 5]
Vontobel
A marketing communication for professional / institutional investors only - not for public distribution. Capital at risk.
Further Information and Literature: TwentyFour Asset Management LLP
T. +44 (0)20 7015 8900 E. sales@twentyfouram.com W. twentyfouram.com
24922C  24/09/26
Japan: this material has been approved and is distributed by Vontobel Asset 
Management Pte. Ltd. (Financial Instruments Business Operator conducting 
Investment Advisory and Agency Business) (Director of Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Kinsho) No. 3214) in order to provide general information only, and is not intended as 
a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instruments, or as a solicitation 
for an investment management or investment advisory relationship. This document 
is to be used solely by your company for the purpose of research and informational 
purposes, and may not be copied, reproduced, used for unrelated purposes or provided 
outside your company without our company’s consent. Although this document has 
been prepared based on information that we believe to be reliable, we do not warrant 
its accuracy or reliability. The information and data presented here are as of the date 
of preparation of this document. The historical performance and wording of this 
material do not warrant or imply any future operating results. Past performance is not 
a predictor of future performance or results. All rights and obligations relating to the 
information in this material belong to the information provider, and the content may 
be varied or modified without notice for any reason determined by the information 
provider. Any investment or other judgment based on the information in this material 
shall be made at the sole responsibility of the reader, and neither Vontobel Asset 
Management Pte. Ltd. nor any other information provider shall be held liable in any way 
for any loss caused by the information in this material.
本書は、投資助言・代理業の登録を受けた金融商品取引業者であるVontobel Asset 
Management Pte. Ltd（. 関東財務局長（金商）第3214号）が、様々な投資戦略に関す
る需要調査の一環として、資産運用会社の概要や投資戦略などに関する情報提供の目
的で作成したものであり、金融商品の取引の勧誘を意図するものでは[なく、また、投資
一任契約や投資顧問契約の勧誘を意図するものでも]ありません。本書は、専ら貴社に
よる調査及び情報収集の目的のために交付されるものであり、当社の同意なく本書を
複製又は第三者に開示すること、また、当該目的以外の目的で本書を使用することは
禁止されます。本書に記載された過去の業績やその他の情報は、将来の結果を保証す
るものではありません。また、過去の業績は、将来の業績や結果を予想するものでもあ
りません。本書に記載された情報に関する一切の権利及び義務は情報の提供者に帰
属し、その内容は、情報提供者の判断により事前の予告なく変更される可能性がありま
す。本書に記載された情報に基づいて行われる投資その他の判断は、すべて貴社の責
任において行われるものであり、Vontobel Asset Management Pte. Ltd.及びその他
の情報の提供者は、本書に記載された情報に起因して生じた損害について一切の責任
を負いません。
Austria, Finland, Ireland, Luxembourg, Liechtenstein, Norway, Portugal, Sweden & 
The Netherlands: This document has been approved by Vontobel Asset Management 
SA, registered office 18 rue Erasme, L-1468 Luxembourg. Details on the extent of 
regulation can be obtained upon request at the same. France: This document has been 
approved by Vontobel Asset Management SA, registered office 10, Place Vendôme, 
75001 Paris. Details on the extent of regulation can be obtained upon request at the 
same. Germany: This document has been approved by Vontobel Asset Management SA, 
Munich Branch, registered office Leopoldstrasse 8-10, 80802 Munich and regulated 
by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and is subject to 
limited regulation by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). 
Details on the extent of regulation can be obtained upon request at Vontobel Asset 
Management SA, Munich Branch. Italy: This document has been approved by Vontobel 
Asset Management SA, Milan Branch, registered office Piazza degli Affari 3, I-20123 
Milan, Italy (telephone: 026 367344). Vontobel Asset Management SA, Milan Branch, 
is authorized by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Italian National Bank and the CONSOB. Details on 
the extent of regulation by the Italian National Bank and the CONSOB can be obtained 
upon request at Vontobel Asset Management SA, Milan Branch. The content of this 
document has not been reviewed or approved by any regulatory body, including the 
Italian National Bank or the CONSOB. This document should not be considered as an 
offer to the general public or a member of the general public in Italy to subscribe to 
or purchase financial instruments, either directly or indirectly. Spain: This document 
has been approved by Vontobel Asset Management SA, registered office Paseo de la 
Castellana, 95, Planta 18, 28046 Madrid. Details on the extent of regulation can be 
obtained upon request at the same.
Switzerland: This document has been approved by Vontobel Asset Management AG, 
registered office Genferstrasse 43, 8002 Zurich. Details on the extent of regulation 
can be obtained upon request at the same. United Kingdom: TwentyFour Asset 
Management LLP is registered in England No. OC335015 and is authorised and 
regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority, FRN No. 481888. Registered Office: 
4th Floor, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3BY. For your protection telephone 
calls are usually recorded. This document has been approved by Vontobel Asset 
Management S.A., registered office at 4th Floor, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, 
EC3M 3BY. Vontobel Asset Management S.A. is authorised by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and is subject to limited regulation by the 
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). Details on the extent of FCA regulation can be 
obtained upon request at Vontobel Asset Management S.A.
Page 5 of 5
