[Page 1]
Week Ending September 25, 2026
Weekly performance calculated from Thursday close to Thursday close.
•
This week, we examine how the surge in bond yields is impacting both the economy and financial markets.
•
Equity breadth has weakened as only 25% of S&P 500 companies are trading above their 50-day moving average.
•
New home sales printed a strong +6.4% MoM in August, pointing to stronger activity in the new home market.
•
The 10-year Treasury yield climbed back above 5% to its highest level (5.20%, +43 bps MTD) since 2007.
•
US natural gas prices are unchanged over the past seven months, whereas international prices have more than doubled.
Economic Calendar
Date
Event
MON 9/28
TUE 9/29
JOLTS
FHFA & Shiller Home Prices
Consumer Confidence
WED 9/30
PCE
Wholesale Inventories
THU 10/1
Construction Spending
ISM Manufacturing
FRI 10/2
Employment Report
Factory Orders
FactSet as of: 9/24/2026
Return Statistics
Key Market Levels
Disclosures
The DJIA is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. Investing in small cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be appropriate for every investor. The prices of small 
company stocks may be subject to more volatility than those of large company stocks. The S&P Equal Weight Index is the equal-weight version of the widely-used S&P 500. The index includes the same constituents as the  capitalization weighted S&P 500, but 
each company in the S&P 500 EWI is allocated a fixed weight - or 0.2% of the index total at each quarterly rebalance. The Russell 2000 and Russell Midcap indices are unmanaged indexes of small cap and midcap securities, respectively, which generally involve 
greater risks. US government bonds and Treasurys are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. U.S. government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. AC World (or MSCI All Country World Index) is a stock index designed to track broad global equity-market performance. The EM (“Emerging Markets”) is a selection of stocks that is designed to track the 
financial performance of key companies in fast-growing nations.  The Bloomberg US Aggregate Bond Index is a broad-based benchmark that measures the investment grade, U.S. dollar- denominated, fixed-rate taxable bond market. The Bloomberg 
Commodity Index is a broadly diversified commodity price index distributed by Bloomberg Index Services Limited. The US Dollar Index is a measure of the value of the U.S. dollar against six other foreign currencies. The currency pair EUR/USD indicates how 
many U.S. dollars (the quote currency) are needed to purchase one euro (the base currency). Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or less than your 
initial investment. Holding bonds to term allows redemption at par value. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed 
income prices rise. The Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) Price Index is a measure of the prices that people living in the United States, or those buying on their behalf, pay for goods and services. The S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller Home Price Indices 
are the leading indicators of U.S. residential real estate prices, tracking changes in the value of residential real estate nationally. WTI crude oil is a specific grade of crude oil and one of the main three benchmarks in oil pricing, along with Brent and Dubai Crude. 
The Henry Hub Index is the primary benchmark price for natural gas in North America, representing the daily or monthly spot and futures price for physical delivery at the Henry Hub pipeline intersection in Louisiana. It acts as the standard pricing point for 
NYMEX futures contracts and serves as the reference point for most US natural gas trading. The NAHB Housing Market Index (HMI) rates the relative level of current and future single-family home sales. The data is compiled from a survey of around 900 home 
builders. The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid for a market basket of consumer goods and services. The National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) Small Business Optimism Index is a 
composite of ten seasonally adjusted components. It provides an indication of the health of small businesses in the U.S., which account of roughly 50% of the nation's private workforce. The Michigan Consumer Sentiment Index  is a monthly survey conducted 
by the University of Michigan to measure consumer confidence levels in the United States. The ISM Services Index is an economic index based on surveys of more than 400 non-manufacturing (or services) firms' purchasing and supply executives. The ISM 
Services Index Prices Paid Subindex is an index that measures changes in the prices paid for goods and services used in crop and livestock production and family living. The Producer Price Index (PPI) measures the average change over time in the selling 
prices received by domestic producers for their output. The Consumer Confidence Index (CCI) is a survey, administered by The Conference Board, that measures how optimistic or pessimistic consumers are regarding their expected financial situation.  The 
Employment Cost Index (ECI) measures the change in the hourly labor cost to employers over time. The Composite Index of Leading Indicators, otherwise known as the Leading Economic Index (LEI), is an index published monthly by The Conference Board. It 
is used to predict the direction of global economic movements in future months. The ISM Manufacturing Index, also known as the purchasing managers' index (PMI), is a monthly indicator of U.S. economic activity based on a survey of purchasing managers at 
more than 300 manufacturing firms. The Import and Export Price Indexes measure average changes in prices of goods and services that are imported to or exported from the US. The FHFA House Price Index (FHFA HPI®) is a comprehensive collection of 
publicly available house price indexes that measure changes in single-family home values based on data that extend back to the mid-1970s from all 50 states and over 400 American cities. Commodities trading is generally considered speculative because of the 
significant potential for investment loss. Commodities are likely to be volatile and there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising. All expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the author and are subject to change.  
There is no guarantee that these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Investment products are: not deposits, not FDIC/NCUA insured, not insured by any government agency, not bank guaranteed, subject to risk and may lose value. ©2026 Raymond James & Associates, Inc. 
member New York Stock Exchange / SIPC. ©2026 Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., member FINRA / SIPC: INTERNATIONAL HEADQUARTERS: THE RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL CENTER // 880 CARILLON PARKWAY // ST. PETERSBURG, FL 33716 // 
800.248.8863 // RAYMONDJAMES.COM
Next week, markets will get their first 
glimpse into 3Q AI infrastructure demand 
via earnings results from Micron on 
Wednesday evening.
The August PCE price index will be 
released on Wednesday. We expect 
headline and core PCE to have risen 3.7% 
and 3.4% YoY, respectively.
PCE Price Index
3Q26 Earnings Call
In Friday’s BLS employment report, we 
expect September job growth to slow from 
162k in August to ~70k, reflecting slower but 
still-healthy job creation. 
Employment Report
Region
Weekly
YTD
Index
Level
S&P 500
0.9%
13.5%
S&P 500
7,704
Russell MidCap
-0.6%
13.2%
DJIA
51,350
Russell 2000 
-1.3%
15.2%
2-Yr Treasury Yield
4.92%
AC World
0.5%
14.0%
10-Yr Treasury Yield
5.19%
Emerging Markets
2.7%
25.5%
30-Yr Treasury Yield
5.48%
US Aggregate Bond
-1.4%
-2.5%
EUR/USD
1.14
BG Commodity
0.0%
33.0%
WTI Crude Oil ($/bbl)
95
US Dollar
1.0%
3.0%
Gold ($/ozt)
4,298
