[Page 1]
1 Oracle Cites ‘Force Majeure’ to Shield Itself on Big Data Center, Bloomberg, September 24, 2026
2 NM state land commissioner rejects application for gas pipeline to power Project Jupiter data center, Source NM, March
31, 2026
3 Banks Lend $18 Billion for Oracle-Tied Data Center in New Mexico, Bloomberg, November 7, 2025
4 Oracle’s $18bn data centre debt under strain amid local pushback, FT, September 24, 2026
This document is intended for institutional investors and is not subject to all of the
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research reports prepared for retail
investors under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242. Barclays trades the securities covered in this report for its
own account and on a discretionary basis on behalf of certain clients. Such trading interests
may be contrary to the recommendations offered in this report.
Please see analyst certifications and important disclosures beginning on page 3.
Oracle (ORCL)
Quick Take – Force Majeure
Declared in New Mexico
The headline was big, the practical implications are not.
ORCL is exercising an option in response to already known
permit/pipe delays. Revenue and capex should be delayed, as
expected; opex is largely unchanged in the meantime. There
is no impact/read to other sites. Credit should not move on
this.
The news: Bloomberg reported this morning1 that Oracle sent a force majeure notice to the
developer of Project Jupiter, its 1GW data center site located in Doña Ana County, New Mexico,
being developed by STACK Infrastructure (owned by Blue Owl via IPI). The site has faced several
setbacks that have threatened to delay the project's timeline, which have been captured in the
media since the initial right-of-way permit was rejected in March.2 More recently, the air permit
process was paused in August following lawsuits from two environmental groups.
The context: Project Jupiter was initially financed with $18bn of construction loans last fall
(often referred to as Red Chile due to the ORCL entity involved), reportedly pricing3 in the
S+250bp range, with each of four ~$4.5bn loans corresponding to different buildings on-site
(BBG tickers REDCHI, REDLIH, RECHBL, and RECHIL). The loans have been trading well below
par for months, though an FT report last week4 broadened the spotlight on the structures, as
they reportedly moved into the 80s. Oracle declared force majeure under its agreement with the
developer following the permitting setbacks that have delayed the project's power
infrastructure. Our understanding is that the force majeure allows the lease to be delayed by up
to 36 months after becoming ready for service, though ORCL would continue to cover the
carrying costs of the shell in the meantime. Comments from ORCL management on the recent
call suggest that the project is not expected to be ready for service until at least the second half
of calendar 2027.
Our take: The financial implications from a lease standpoint are de minimis. ORCL is likely
paying modestly reduced monthly fees while under a force majeure, but the lease expense is a
relatively small part of the economic picture. The bigger-ticket items are the capex and revenue,
FICC Research
Credit Research
24 September 2026
Andrew Keches, CFA
+1 212 412 5248
andrew.keches@barclays.com
BCI, US
Remy Neuhaus
+1 212 526 6840
remy.neuhaus@barclays.com
BCI, US
 
 
 


[Page 2]
FIGURE 1. ORCL's Major Projects
Project Location
IT Capacity
Power architecture
Comments
Partner(s)
Shell Financing
Developer Link
Abilene, Texas
1.2GW
ERCOT grid + onsite gas
backup
6/8 buildings
delivered as of
F1Q27
Crusoe (developer);
Blue Owl (equity)
$7bn construction loan
Link
Shackelford
County, Texas
1.4GW
BTM nat gas
First delivery
expected in
F2Q27
Vantage (developer)
$23bn of $38bn package
Link
Port Washington,
Wisconsin
>900MW
We Energies grid + new
storage
First delivery
expected in
F2H27
Vantage (developer)
$15bn of $38bn package
Link
Saline Township,
Michigan
1.4GW
DTE grid supply + battery
storage
First delivery by
YE26, ramp in
CY27
Related Digital
(developer); Blackstone
(equity)
$14bn financing via
unitranche bond
Link
Santa Teresa,
New Mexico
>1GW
BTM microgrid with Bloom
fuel cells via pending nat
gas pipeline
Pending pipeline
and air permits
STACK Infrastructure,
BorderPlex Digital
(developers)
$18bn package; incl
$165mn IRBs
Link
Source: Barclays Research
both of which will be delayed but both of which should also be known by now, as the New
Mexico delays and permit issues have been well publicized and were a focal point of the last
earnings call. From a revenue perspective, management noted that NM is not included in fiscal
2027 (ending May 2027); the degree to which the asset is delayed into 2028 or beyond is
unknown, but based on the attention that these delays have already received, we expect that it
is being discounted in models already. The silver lining for credit is that the hardware capex
should also be delayed (~$30bn; typically spent 2-3 months ahead of the asset going live). Our
expectation is that it will not affect FY27 capex, but could affect either the phasing or magnitude
of FY28 capex, all else equal, though ORCL may have the ability to accelerate the ramp at other
sites.
We do not believe ORCL is attempting to walk away from the site. Despite the delays, New
Mexico is likely still a faster path to delivering compute than a new greenfield or new expansion
project. We acknowledge that this is yet another bad headline for ORCL sentiment and could
speak to the company's ability to select data center projects/locations; however, it is neutral
from a credit perspective, in our view, given the possible capex offsets, and we do not believe
ORCL spreads should move in any meaningful way on the headline today (+2bp as of writing).
For context, we understand that the developer reported this on its data site earlier in the week
and held a lender call yesterday, which could explain the move in cash/CDS prior to today.
Laterals: Declaring a force majeure at New Mexico does not have any direct implication for
ORCL's other projects. Given the presence of a public data center bond, there have been
questions around read-through for the Related Digital/Saline, Michigan site. We do not believe
there is any link between New Mexico delays and Saline. The project has already secured power
and permits and is largely a function of construction execution risk at this point, making it one
of the most de-risked assets in ORCL's pipeline, after Crusoe/Abilene, Texas, which is already
operational and ramping.
24 September 2026
2
Barclays | Oracle (ORCL)
