[Page 1]
We model the effects on diesel and gasoline prices from potential restrictions on 
n
US diesel exports—a very plausible scenario, though not our base case—and 
draw five conclusions. 
First, a diesel export ban would initially likely put moderate downward pressure 
n
on US diesel prices as inventories build. We estimate that, initially while storage 
remains available, each week of a US diesel export ban would be associated with 
$0.25/gallon of downward pressure on average US retail diesel prices, or just 
under 4% of the current $6.5/gallon.   
Second, the longer a diesel export ban lasts, the more disruptive it would likely 
n
be by putting upward pressure on gasoline prices because diesel, gasoline, and 
jet fuel are largely produced together. Therefore, downward pressure on diesel 
production can mean downward pressure on gasoline production, i.e. upward 
price pressure on gasoline. As US diesel stocks near storage limits, downward 
pressure on diesel prices would intensify, compressing US refining margins, and 
likely incentivize US refiners to reduce output. We estimate that, once diesel 
storage is full, each week of a US diesel export ban would likely be associated 
with $0.3/gallon of upward pressure on US retail gasoline prices.  
Third, restrictions on US diesel exports would add upward pressure on ex-US 
n
diesel prices. We estimate that each week of a US diesel export ban would raise 
European wholesale diesel prices by $3/bbl, or just under 2%, although European 
SPR diesel releases might offset about half of the price increase. 
Fourth, once a diesel export ban is lifted, US diesel prices would likely reconnect 
n
with prices elsewhere, including Europe, putting upward pressure on US diesel 
prices and downward pressure on prices abroad. Even so, post-ban global 
refined oil product prices would likely be higher than in a counterfactual with 
neither a US export ban nor the associated decline in US refinery output.  
Fifth, we reiterate our recommendation to hedge geopolitical risk through long 
n
positions in European gasoline for three reasons: 
Gasoline markets are tightening rapidly. 
o
Any future potential inclusion of gasoline in US product export restrictions 
o
would tighten ex-US gasoline markets. 
Europe’s gasoline SPR reserves are 4x smaller than its diesel reserves.
o
Daan Struyven 
+1(212)357-4172 | 
daan.struyven@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Filippo Cuscito 
+44(20)7051-9073 | 
filippo.cuscito@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Alexandra Paulus 
+1(212)902-7111 | 
alexandra.paulus@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby 
+1(646)446-3905 | 
yulia.grigsby@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
26 September 2026 | 11:50AM EDT
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Commodities Research
OIL ANALYST 
Modeling Potential US Diesel Export Restrictions
 
 


[Page 2]
Modeling Potential US Diesel Export Restrictions 
 
 
The White House is reportedly analyzing the ramifications of a potential short-term ban 
on US diesel exports following rises in US diesel prices and US exports. The US national 
average retail diesel price has risen to $6.5/gallon (Exhibit 1) despite higher US diesel 
production. US diesel net exports have risen from 1.1mb/d in 2025 to around 1.6mb/d 
over the past few months as record global diesel refining margins have incentivized 
refiners to boost diesel output and exports (Exhibit 2).  
We analyze the effects from potential restrictions on US diesel exports—a very plausible 
scenario, though not our base-case, on 1) US diesel prices, 2) US gasoline prices, and 3) 
European diesel prices. 
 
 
Exhibit 1: The US National Average Retail Diesel Price Has Risen to $6.5/gallon 
 
 
Source: EIA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 3]
 
Although the US administration is considering other ways to lower domestic diesel 
prices, we see some restrictions on diesel exports (including export quotas) as very 
plausible. Alternatives include temporarily waiving the $0.24/gal federal tax on retail 
diesel sales and/or exempting road diesel from the federal biofuel-blending program, 
which would suspend RIN costs worth about $0.30/gal. 
While diesel export quota/licenses are plausible too and the duration of any export 
restriction is uncertain, we model a hypothetical US diesel export ban from early 
October 2026 through at least December 2026 (as a 90-day ban is reportedly being 
considered). 
In such a diesel export ban scenario, we believe that US and ex-US diesel prices would 
decouple while the ban lasts. 
US diesel production is highly concentrated in the Gulf Coast (PADD3) which is then sent 
to other US regions (Exhibit 8). Other US regions such as the East Coast (PADD1)—which 
typically import some diesel from the international market—would likely fully switch to 
US supply as significant supply from the US Gulf Coast—which has been exporting 
1½mb/d of diesel abroad recently—frees up. This switch assumes an extension of the 
Jones Act waiver, which lets foreign tankers ship diesel given pipeline capacity 
constraints. Realizing the full switch might take some time as US refiners have already 
planned some exports and as transportation can take a few weeks.  
Using a stylized model of a diesel export ban, we reach five conclusions. 
 
Exhibit 2: US Diesel Net Exports Have Risen From 1.1mb/d in 2025 to Around 1.6mb/d Over 
the Past Few Months 
 
 
Source: EIA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 4]
#1: Lower US Diesel Prices 
First, a diesel export ban would initially likely put moderate downward pressure on US 
diesel prices as US diesel inventories build. 
We estimate that, initially while storage remains available, each week of a US diesel 
export ban would be associated with $0.25/gallon of downward pressure on average US 
retail diesel prices, or just under 4% from $6.5/gallon (Exhibit 3). 
 
This stylized estimate of the diesel price impact is obtained in two steps:  
From exports to stocks: We assume that, initially, the 1.6mb/d decline in US diesel 
n
net exports puts 1.6mb/d of upward pressure on US diesel stocks (with a slightly 
slower pace of diesel inventory builds if US diesel demand were to rise quickly in 
response to lower diesel prices).1 
From stocks to prices: We assume that, initially, the pass-through from higher US 
n
diesel stocks to US wholesale diesel prices and ultimately to US retail diesel prices is 
in line with its historical relationship (Exhibit 9, top panel). 
1
It likely takes some time for diesel demand, which tends to be price-inelastic (especially in the US) to rise 
substantially in response to lower diesel prices.
 
Exhibit 3: We Estimate That, Initially While Storage Remains Available, Each Week of a US Diesel Export Ban Would Be 
Associated With $0.25/Gallon of Downward Pressure on Average US Retail Diesel Prices 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 5]
#2: Higher US Prices of Gasoline and Other Refined Oil Products  
Second, the longer a diesel export ban lasts, the more disruptive it would likely be as 
storage approaches congestion and as lower output of diesel, gasoline and other refined 
products such as jet fuel, which are largely produced together because yield switching 
capacity is limited, puts upward pressure on gasoline prices.  
In the stylized scenario where US diesel inventories build at the 1.6mb/d pace of lost 
foreign net exports, we estimate that national US diesel storage would fill after 9-10 
weeks, with the theoretical potential to fill storage more quickly as much of the empty 
storage is not near US Gulf Coast refineries.2 In reality, refinery cuts would pick up and 
diesel demand would edge up before hitting storage limits, which would prevent or delay 
hitting tank tops.  
As US diesel inventories near storage limits, downward pressure on diesel prices would 
intensify, potentially pushing diesel margins negative, while gasoline prices would likely 
rise further. Lower US diesel prices would compress overall US refining margins and likely 
incentivize US refiners to cut utilization, reducing US output not only of diesel but also of 
gasoline and jet fuel.  
We estimate that, once diesel storage is full, each week of a US diesel export ban would 
likely be associated with $0.3/gallon of upside pressure on US retail gasoline prices 
(Exhibit 4). The gasoline price upside would be smaller if refiners can switch more from 
diesel to gasoline or if diesel demand rises more than we assume. 
In reality, as refinery cuts would likely pick up before diesel storage is full, US retail 
gasoline prices would start to face some upward price pressure from the diesel export 
ban before the stylized 9-10 weeks estimate.  
2
The DoE estimates 208mb of effective diesel storage capacity as of 2024, which leaves just over 100mb of 
storage capacity based on the latest 107mb of diesel stocks (assuming unchanged storage capacity since 2024). 
The DoE estimates 65mb of effective diesel storage capacity in PADD3 (US Gulf Coast), which leaves just 21mb of 
Gulf Coast spare storage capacity based on the latest 44mb of diesel stocks.
26 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 6]
 
This estimate of the gasoline price impact is obtained in three steps:  
From diesel balance to refinery run cuts: We assume diesel refinery output 
n
declines to match diesel demand because full diesel storage and the export ban 
leave no other outlets. We assume that a reduction in the diesel share in refinery 
output to 28%3 and a moderate pickup in diesel demand to 3.9mb/d help moderate 
run cuts to 2.1mb/d.4 Exhibit 5 illustrates how sensitive run cuts are to yield 
switching and to the price response of diesel demand (which is typically smaller than 
for other oil products).  
From run cuts to gasoline stocks: We assume that the 1¼mb/d reduction in US 
n
gasoline output—60% of the 2.1mb/d reduction in refinery output—puts 1¼mb/d 
of downward pressure on US gasoline stocks.5 
From gasoline stocks to prices: We assume that the pass-through from lower US 
n
gasoline stocks to US wholesale and retail gasoline prices is in line with its historical 
relationship (Exhibit 9, middle panel). 
3
US refinery and blender net production of diesel as a percent of US refinery and blender net input of crude oil 
has been around 30 recently and has not dropped below 28 since 2010.
4
The latest monthly and weekly EIA reports show US diesel demand (“product supplied”) of 3.8mb/d (June) 
and 3.6mb/d (mid-September), respectively.
5
The 60% gasoline share in US output is based on the baseline 28% diesel share estimate and the historical 
relationship between gasoline and diesel shares of US refinery and blender net production.
 
Exhibit 4: We Estimate That, Once Diesel Storage Is Full, Each Week of a US Diesel Export Ban Would Likely Be Associated 
With $0.3/gallon of Upward Pressure on US Retail Gasoline Prices 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 7]
 
Exhibit 5: Refinery Cuts Would Be Smaller if the Diesel Share of Refinery Output Fell More or 
if US Diesel Demand Rose More 
26
27
28
29
30
3.7
14.2
13.7
13.2
12.8
12.3
3.9
15.0
14.4
13.9
13.4
13.0
4.1
15.8
15.2
14.6
14.1
13.7
4.3
16.5
15.9
15.4
14.8
14.3
26
27
28
29
30
3.7
-1.8
-2.3
-2.8
-3.2
-3.7
3.9
-1.0
-1.6
-2.1
-2.6
-3.0
4.1
-0.2
-0.8
-1.4
-1.9
-2.3
4.3
0.5
-0.1
-0.6
-1.2
-1.7
Change in Refinery Runs ("Run Cuts") (mb/d)
Cells in yellow represent our baseline assumptions.
Sensitivity Table: Estimated US Refinery Output If Full Diesel Export Ban 
(Once Full Diesel Storage Prompts Run Cuts)
US Diesel 
Demand 
(mb/d)
US Diesel 
Demand 
(mb/d)
Refinery Output Level (mb/d)
Diesel Share of Refinery Output (%)
Diesel Share of Refinery Output (%)
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 8]
#3: Higher Ex-US Diesel Prices 
Third, restrictions on US diesel exports would add upward pressure on diesel prices 
outside the US. While Europe and especially Latin America (e.g. Brazil, Mexico) are the 
key destinations for US diesel exports, the diesel tightening shock would likely quickly 
spread to the rest of the ex-US world including Asia, as Latin America and Europe start 
pulling harder on remaining diesel barrels from countries such as India.  
We estimate that each week of a US diesel export ban would raise European wholesale 
diesel (ARA gasoil) prices by $3/bbl, or just under 2%, although European SPR diesel 
releases might offset about half of the price increase (Exhibit 6). As of the end of June, 
OECD Europe still had 190mb of strategic diesel reserves (followed by some small 
releases since then, including from Switzerland and the Netherlands), equivalent to 
nearly 500 days of US diesel imports and well above reserves from other OECD countries 
(Exhibit 7).  
 
 
Exhibit 6: We Estimate That Each Week of a US Diesel Export Ban Would Raise European 
Wholesale Diesel Prices by $3/bbl, or Just Under 2%, Although European SPR Diesel Releases 
Might Offset About Half of the Price Increase 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 9]
 
This stylized estimate of the impact of a US diesel export ban on European diesel prices 
is obtained in two steps:  
From US export ban and SPR releases to OECD ex-US diesel stocks: We assume 
n
that the 1.6mb/d loss in US net exports reduces OECD ex-US diesel net imports by 
nearly 0.7mb/d, consistent with the roughly 40% share of the OECD ex-US region in 
global ex-US net imports. In a subscenario with SPR releases, we assume that SPR 
releases offset about half of the US export ban tightening effect on OECD ex-US 
stocks.6  
From diesel stocks to prices: We assume that the pass-through from lower OECD 
n
ex-US diesel stocks to European wholesale diesel prices is in line with its historical 
relationship (Exhibit 9, bottom panel). 
6
We assume 0.5mb/d of European diesel SPR releases, well above the 0.2mb/d peak monthly average pace 
from 2022 as the diesel supply disruptions are already much larger today than in 2022 before any US diesel 
export restriction. We also assume that 2/3 of the 0.5mb/d SPR easing would eventually show up in OECD ex-US 
commercial diesel stocks.
 
Exhibit 7: OECD Europe Still Had 190mb of Strategic Diesel Reserves as of June 
 
 
Source: IEA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 10]
#4: Prices Reconnect Once Ban Is Lifted  
Fourth, once a diesel export ban is lifted, US diesel prices would likely reconnect with 
prices elsewhere, including Europe, Latin America and Asia, putting upward pressure on 
US diesel prices and downward pressure on diesel prices abroad. 
Even so, post-ban global product prices would likely be higher than in a counterfactual 
with neither a US export ban nor the associated temporary decline in US refinery output. 
The key reason is that post-ban global product inventories (which depend on cumulative 
global refinery output) would be lower in the post-ban scenario than in the no ban 
counterfactual. 
26 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 11]
#5: Reiterating Our Long Positions in European Gasoline Hedging 
Recommendation 
Fifth, we reiterate our recommendation to hedge geopolitical risk through long 2027 
positions in European gasoline (e.g. EBOB Jun27) for three reasons: 
Gasoline markets are tightening rapidly as high diesel prices have caused global 
n
refiners to switch output from gasoline to diesel. Even higher ex-US diesel prices 
following potential US diesel export restrictions might intensify the switch of ex-US 
refiners from gasoline to diesel further.  
Any future potential inclusion of gasoline in US product export restrictions would 
n
tighten gasoline markets outside the US.7 And even in US diesel export restrictions 
only scenarios, the eventual loss in US gasoline output if US diesel storage were to hit 
congestion, would also translate into tighter global gasoline markets once potential 
US diesel export restrictions are lifted.  
Europe’s gasoline SPR reserves are about four times smaller than its diesel reserves 
n
(Exhibit 7), which limits European policymakers’ potential to offset further gasoline 
tightening with SPR releases.
7
High US East Coast gasoline imports from the rest of the world might complicate the full switch to US Gulf 
Coast imports. That said, the re-allocation of some US Gulf Coast gasoline sales to the domestic market resulting 
from combining any gasoline export restriction with some diesel export restriction might offset some of the 
upward gasoline price pressure from refinery run cuts caused by potentially more binding diesel storage 
constraints.
26 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 12]
Appendix Charts: 
 
Exhibit 8: US Diesel Production Is Highly Concentrated in the Gulf Coast, Which Is Then Sent to Other US Regions and 
Countries  
 
 
Source: EIA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 13]
Appendix: The Relationship Between Product Inventories and Product 
Prices  
 
Exhibit 9: We Estimate Price Effects of a Potential US Diesel Export Ban Using the Historical Relationship Between 
Product Inventory Changes and Product Price Changes 
 
We only use commercial OECD product stocks, and don’t include strategic reserves. 
 
Source: EIA, IEA, Platts, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
26 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 14]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Daan Struyven, Filippo Cuscito, Alexandra Paulus and Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately 
reflect our personal views, which have not been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Daan Struyven Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Filippo Cuscito Goldman Sachs International, Alexandra Paulus Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
26 September 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 15]
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
26 September 2026
  15
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 


[Page 16]
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
26 September 2026
  16
Goldman Sachs
Oil Analyst
 
 
