[Page 1]
 
 
25 September 2026
◼ Post-BRICS summit, the oft-heralded dethroning of King Dollar appears as far away as 
ever, even as dollar diversification is gathering pace  
◼ Catalyzed by Russia, sanctions resilience, not replacing the USD as global reserve 
currency, has become a top BRICS priority, with China in the lead 
◼ The burgeoning cross-border payments revolution could well remake global 
geopolitics, even as it fails to reshape global monetary policy  
 
Key judgments  
◼ Dollar diversification, not de-dollarization (yet) is a top BRICS priority today, in the 
wake of the US’ maximalist use of economic sanctions since 2022  
◼ Led by China, local currency settlement is set to grow from low levels (e.g., ~2.5% for 
India, <1.5% in RMB invoicing for Brazil imports) . . .  
◼ . . . but illiquid EM FX derivatives markets, shallow capital pools, currency 
convertibility controls and uneven CBDC steps will slow faster progress. 
◼ Though nascent today, big advances in cross-border payment rails will arrive by 2027-
28, speeding digital trade as more platforms link up (e.g., India’s UPI, Brazil’s Pix, 
Project Nexus, Europe’s TIPS, Africa’s PAPSS). 
◼ But building SWIFT alternatives is one thing; escaping dollar hegemony is another, as 
Russia’s four-year cat-and-mouse sanctions scramble illustrates. 
◼ Longer-term, the Putin-backed BRICS Grain Exchange also bears watching, with 
Brazilian soy farmers and Brazil’s antitrust regulator CADE backing the initiative as a 
way to erode the dominance of Western grain traders 
◼ Even with USD set to reign into the 2030s, Washington’s sanctions toolkit looks to be 
sharply curtailed – reshaping global geopolitics in profound ways, as SWIFT is 
defanged via a proliferation of parallel payment rails. 
◼ Yet much de-dollarization talk is imprecise. The key impulse for global money and 
finance is more properly characterized as dollar weaponization – and the reaction 
from actual (Russia) and potential targets, led by China. 
 
Global Political Drivers 
DE-WEAPONIZING THE DOLLAR 
 
Grace Fan / Christopher Granville / EM Team


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
2 
Contents 
Neutralizing the dollar weapon: Progress report ........................................................................ 3 
Brazil: End of dollar hegemony? Rhetoric vs reality ................................................................... 7 
Russia: Live laboratory lessons ................................................................................................... 11 
State of play ..................................................................................................................................... 11 
Sanctions history – dollar highlight ............................................................................................ 12 
1. 
SWIFT alternative ........................................................................................................ 12 
2. 
Stealth correspondent banking ................................................................................. 14 
3. 
Ruble stablecoin .......................................................................................................... 14 
CBDC solution – or mirage? ......................................................................................................... 14 
India: Oil import needs drive diversification............................................................................... 16 
Authors ............................................................................................................................................. 23 
Disclaimer ........................................................................................................................................ 23 
 
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
3 
Neutralizing the dollar weapon: Progress report 
Eyes on the prize: Strategic autonomy is still years away for China and the BRICS; but this 
vision is also no longer pie in the sky. Four and a half years after Russia’s Ukraine invasion led to 
the unprecedented weaponization of the US dollar against a G20 state, the recent finale of this 
month’s BRICS Summit (12-13 Sept) hosted by India is an opportune moment to reflect on how 
much BRICS progress (or lack thereof) has been made toward the desired end state for many 
in the bloc of full autonomy from US economic sanctions. Our focus in this note (in line with 
TSL’s universe of coverage) is on the original BRIC member states as the lead actors in this 
ongoing marathon; for full details, see our individual country analyses following this overview. 
Three key takeaways 
1. China’s significant progress to date on building out parallel payment infrastructure as an 
insurance policy against a US sanctions campaign masks abiding structural vulnerabilities 
related to the country’s patent inability, for now, to replicate the unparalleled breadth and depth of 
the dollarized global financial system. As a result, China today is both the undisputed leader in our 
BRICS Strategic Autonomy Index yet remains parked at Stage 4 (highly diversified and connected) 
out of six stages (ending at systemic independence), as the chart below illustrates. A top priority 
for Beijing, likely to feature prominently in next year’s National Party Congress, is the further 
broadening and deepening of its financial markets (onshore and offshore) as it moves toward 
the coveted next stage of structural financial autonomy. 
De-dollarization – incremental at first – is likely to follow, even as Beijing shows little appetite 
for replacing the dollar with the RMB as the global reserve currency. Indeed, the bulk of the 
evidence today suggests that Xi Jinping is more narrowly focused for now on sanctions 
resiliency, not RMB dominance. At the same time, there is sizeable upside for RMB FX reserves 
holdings given Xi’s goal of making China a financial superpower and total supply of 
internationally traded RMB bonds stands at just 1% today of the global total. 
China and Russia lead the BRICS’ strategic autonomy race; India is also advancing 
BRICS Strategic Autonomy Index: Settlement Autonomy vs Connectivity & Interoperability* 
 
*Saudi Arabia is included here among the BRICS as an invited member, although Riyadh has never formally announced 
that it has accepted the invite. 


[Page 4]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
4 
Further progress on RMB internationalization will naturally hinge on Beijing’s own ability to further 
relax strict capital controls and liberalize its currency. Changes are already afoot, as financial 
regulators over the past two years have moved to tackle core barriers to RMB asset trading, 
making RMB assets easier to buy and more enticing to hold. One trend that will help on this front 
is growing EM interest in issuing panda and dim sum bonds to aid their own dollar 
diversification process. Brazil’s inaugural panda bond issuance may come as soon as yearend, 
with more to follow. 
2. Even without a green light for BRICS Pay, there are many budding green shoots of EM 
cross-border fast payment rails. Upon reading the carefully bland language of the New Delhi 
Declaration (to the effect that more cross-border payment discussions are on the way, despite 
“no one-size-fits-all approach”), investors could have been forgiven for yawning. With that deftly 
underplayed stroke, however, Delhi achieved its twinned geopolitical goals of: i) avoiding new 
Trump 100% tariff threats on BRICS, at least in the immediate post-summit aftermath, and ii) not 
ceding additional leverage to its rival China in this area, while simultaneously maintaining 
momentum towards de-dollarized cross-border payments mechanisms. These are ever more 
important to India as the protracted Iran war-driven squeeze on exports from the Gulf region 
increases the country’s dependence on importing Russian oil. As the two charts below illustrate, 
BRICS+ fast payment infrastructure has markedly progressed since the Covid era (chart below), 
even though cross-border interoperability is still nascent especially when it comes to central bank 
digital currencies (CBDCs) thus far (second chart below). 
Beyond SWIFT: The BRICS+ shift 
EM fast payment infrastructure rails are proliferating, though cross-border interoperability is still nascent 
 
W = Wholesale, R = retail. 
Sources: SWIFT, CIPS, SPFS, mBridge, Nexus, Buna, PAPSS, SADC, Banco Central do Brasil, GlobalData TS Lombard. 


[Page 5]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
5 
Advances in EM cross-border payment interoperability are likely in 2027-28, both inside and 
outside of Chinese-led initiatives like mBridge. For example, India, home to the world’s biggest 
real-time payment platform (UPI), is unlikely to join mBridge given its distrust of Beijing, but the 
Reserve Bank of India is a participant in Project Nexus with the central banks of five other ASEAN 
countries (Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines and Indonesia). This is slated to go live next 
year if all goes well. India and Brazil are also in discussions to link their FPS with the European 
Central Bank’s (ECB) instant payments platform (TIPS), while Brazil and the ECB are similarly in 
talks to join Nexus. Outside of the BRICS, the chief executive of the pan-African payments 
platform PAPSS (created by the African Export-Import Bank and the African Union) reportedly 
said this month he expects PAPSS to link up with the biggest payment systems in China and India 
by Q1/27 although no official agreements have been announced yet.  
The upshot is that as more SWIFT alternatives spring up, more EMs could eventually avoid that 
feared chokepoint of US economic statecraft: that is, a blockade on SWIFT inter-bank messages. 
However, as discussed in Takeaway #3 below and in our Russia section, that alone is inadequate 
for surviving a determined sanctions campaign by Washington. Be that as it may, this trend is 
positive for a virtuous cycle of burgeoning digital trade, including growing financial inclusion, 
increasing economic efficiencies as costly intermediary fees are slashed (hurting Western 
correspondent banks that fail to innovate) and national and regional economic growth.  
An irony here is that BRICS Pay itself likely faces more challenges to implementation than 
other payment rail linkups (e.g., Project Nexus), given simmering inter-bloc rivalries (e.g., 
India/China, UAE/Iran) and considerable imbalances in trade among key trading partners (e.g., 
India/Russia, Brazil/China) that would leave one side with an excess of local currency. But if the 
US’ continuing use of its dollar weapon continues to hit new heights, then such frictions too could 
be overcome. For now, India, Brazil and South Africa are keen to pursue dollar diversification 
while shunning explicit de-dollarization (in contrast to China, Russia and Iran). This includes 
Brazilian President Lula for all his ideological commitment to reducing Brazil’s high dollar 
dependency, though it will be up to the winner of next month’s closely contested Brazilian election 
to shape the path ahead. The tiny percentages of local settlement in EM currencies for both Brazil 
and India (less than 3%) also suggests that the dollar diversification play is still in its early 
stages. 
BRICS fast payment systems & CBDCs: State of play 
Sources: Government websites, local press reports, GlobalData TS Lombard. 


[Page 6]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
6 
3. Trial by fire: Russia shows SWIFT alternatives are not enough, in a five-alarm warning to 
Beijing. With a big helping hand from China, Russia has survived since 2022 what many in the 
West believed would send the country’s economy back to the dark ages. But Moscow’s 
frustration at the all-too-potent efficacy of the US-sanctions regime is evident in both daily 
economic frictions and Russian persistence at BRICS events in championing dollar-substitution 
proposals (from anchoring BRICS Pay on a synthetic [i.e. SDR-style] new reference asset to a 
BRICS Grain Exchange to replace the Chicago Mercantile Exchange – this latter project also 
inching ahead, as we highlight in the Brazil section). Russia’s current flirtation with ruble-backed 
stablecoins as a way to conceal its illicit tapping of the dollar system is just the latest transitory 
phase towards the government’s goal of a full CBDC-based solution that might finally put an end 
to Russia’s dollar troubles. 
Beyond these issues, however, there is another structural trend at play – one that could 
benefit both China and other EMs as Beijing moves to more aggressively internationalize the 
Yuan in order to avoid falling into Russia’s predicament. In a case like Russia of a major and 
(unlike Iran) functioning economy cut off from the dollar system, issuers (both sovereign and 
corporate) have strong demand to raise non-ruble capital not just because RMB debt makes 
operational sense given ever-deepening Russia-China trade and investment ties, but also because 
of China’s lower cost of capital. Nominal ruble rates in Russia were always higher than external 
ones – if only because Russia runs a 4% inflation target. Today, in the over-heated Russia war 
economy, nominal rates are sky-high (the CBR’s policy rate now stands at 14%). Not surprisingly, 
the Russian government has started issuing its own RMB-denominated bonds just this year, with 
the present outstanding face value now being CNY10bn. On the other side of the world, Brazil too 
is similarly eager to do so to tap attractive interest rates. 
Don’t count out the US  
When all’s said and done, this is still Washington’s game to lose. Dollar-backed stablecoins – 
regulated by the US’ GENIUS Act – are flourishing today, giving rise in some EMs to the 
phenomenon known as ‘accidental dollarization’ as our Brazil section underlines. The CLARITY 
ACT has stalled for now in Congress, but the crypto lobby is flush with cash, patient and 
persistent. Meanwhile, tokenization is forging ahead aided by permissive US regulators. Even 
SWIFT is modernizing, as competitors nip at its heels.  
For all its awesome power, the paradox of dollar weaponization is that it displays diminishing 
returns the longer it progresses, with incremental escalation (by the US) likely to prove counter-
productive. If unleashing the big bazooka of financial sanctions has been a bipartisan exercise, 
for good and for ill, by successive US presidents, showing enough restraint to keep the dollar 
mighty may, over the course of the next five to ten years, need to be too. 
 


[Page 7]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
7 
Brazil: End of dollar hegemony? Rhetoric vs reality 
◼ Despite President Lula’s de-dollarization vision, Brazil’s dollar dependency is high 
◼ RMB invoicing made up less than 1.5% of total Brazilian imports in 2025 
◼ The presidential election could reshape Brazil’s cross-border payments roadmap 
Brazil's latest dollar diversification efforts come amid the deterioration of the relationship 
between Brasília and Washington since US President Trump returned to office. Brazilian 
President Lula has never been shy about his wish to reduce the country's dependence on the US 
dollar and has been a vocal critic of dollar hegemony. While this was largely seen as an effort to 
engage his left-wing base, the events of the last year — including the US decision to sanction 
Brazilian Supreme Court (STF) Justice Alexandre de Moraes under the Magnitsky Act, as well as 
the move to classify Brazilian criminal gangs as terrorist organizations (FTOs) — have helped 
ground these debates in reality. While the Moraes sanctions were lifted by the US Treasury in 
December 2025, the FTO gang designation remains an issue. The Peterson Institute for 
International Economics has cautioned the FTO designation could potentially destabilize Brazilian 
institutions. Likewise, after the US sanctioned Moraes, media reports floated the possibility of 
Brazil being disconnected from SWIFT entirely. 
These concerns were compounded by the Trump government’s imposition of a 25% tariff on 
Brazil in Jul 2026, after a US Sec. 301 trade probe concluded Brazil’s fast payment system Pix 
unfairly disadvantages US payment firms (e.g., Visa, Mastercard) by giving Pix preferential 
treatment among other issues. The Lula administration has refuted these allegations, arguing 
that Pix is a public, government-run infrastructure that expanded financial inclusion, increased 
overall credit card usage, and reduced transaction costs—rather than discriminating against 
foreign firms. 
Despite these concerns, the Lula government has adopted a pragmatic approach to its cross-
border payment initiatives. Ahead of this month’s BRICS summit, Brazil’s Foreign Minister Mauro 
Vieira stressed that Brazil was not seeking to abandon the dollar or create a common BRICS 
currency, but simply looking to develop cheaper bilateral payment mechanisms. In part, this is a 
matter of simple expediency: In 2025, the dollar accounted for more than 95% of Brazilian 
Roughly 86% of Brazil's adult population uses Pix  
Source: Banco Central. 
Pix has expanded rapidly since its launch in 
December 2020  
Source: Banco Central. 
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Individual users (millions)
Corporate users (millions)
0
5,000
10,000
15,000
20,000
25,000
30,000
35,000
40,000
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Number of Pix transactions (BRL billion) (LHS)
Value of Pix transactions (BRL billion) (RHS)


[Page 8]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
8 
export invoicing and nearly 80% of imports. RMB invoicing accounted for a mere 1.36% for 
Brazilian imports and remained negligible for Brazilian exports (see chart below right). 
To add to its challenges, Brazil in recent years has found itself facing the inverse phenomenon 
of ‘accidental dollarization’ as its use of dollar-pegged stablecoins has exploded. Brazil ranks 
fifth globally in crypto activity and stablecoins account for over 90% of flows, with net purchases 
more than doubling in H1/26 vs a year earlier. Concerned about both the potential loss of 
monetary sovereignty as well as money laundering, the Banco Central (BC) has moved firmly 
since November last year to impose strict regulations on the entire crypto asset class, including 
classifying fiat-pegged stablecoins as forex transactions (effective Feb 2026) as well as 
restricting electronic FX providers from using stablecoins and crypto for some international 
payments (starting 1 Oct). In tandem with high capital requirements, the new rules benefit 
incumbent financial institutions and larger platforms while smaller providers are being forced to 
exit. 
The road ahead: Pix goes international . . . In the wake of Pix’s domestic success, the private 
sector has taken the lead in developing multiple cross-border Pix payment mechanisms in other 
countries. For example, Banco do Brasil has a partnership with Argentina’s Banco Patagonia to 
enable cross-border bilateral Pix payments. Still, internationalization is currently restricted to 
places with large numbers of Brazilian tourists or large immigrant communities, such as 
Argentina, Portugal and southern Florida.  
. . . with Europe and ASEAN now on the BC’s radar. The BC is also moving forward with bilateral 
and multilateral discussions to link Pix with other fast payment systems. Talks are underway 
between the European Central Bank (ECB) and BC over linking Pix to Europe’s instant payment 
platform (TIPS). A pilot project could potentially be launched as early as 2028. Connecting Pix to 
TIPS could make particular sense as trade between the European Union and the Mercosur trade 
bloc is expanding, following the EU-Mercosur trade agreement's provisional entry into force on 1 
May 2026. The BC is currently assessing membership in Project Nexus (India + 5 ASEAN 
countries) too — allowing Brazil to integrate into a single, pre-established hub rather than 
negotiating individual bilateral agreements. 
. . . but less than 1.5% of Brazilian imports is 
invoiced in RMB  
% of trade invoiced by FX in 2025 
Sources: Secex/MDIC, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
China is Brazil’s top trading partner . . .  
 
 
Source: ComexStat. 
0
20
40
60
80
100
USD
Euro
BRL
GBP
JPY
RMB
Exports
Imports
0%
10%
20%
30%
0
50
100
150
200
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026*
Imports
Exports
Trade balance
Bilateral trade flow


[Page 9]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
9 
Interlinking instant payment systems can lower fees and increase speed, but each potential 
link needs to be weighed against its cost, since BC officials have warned that building a direct, 
bilateral connection between two countries' payment systems is complex and requires navigating 
differing regulatory frameworks on each side. As a result, for most partners beyond the TIPS 
case, BC sees joining a multilateral hub as a better option than negotiating one-off bilateral deals.  
A case in point is the Local Currency Payment System (SML) that Brazil already operates with 
other Mercosur countries. Established with Argentina in 2008 and later extended to Uruguay and 
Paraguay, SML lets exporters and importers settle bilateral trade directly in local currencies. In 
practice, though, SML has never become especially liquid. In 2024, the last year with data 
published by Banco Central, only a small fraction of total trade between Brazil and its Mercosur 
partners was settled bilaterally in local currency. Furthermore, the exchange rate used to settle 
SML transactions between the countries is still pegged to each country's dollar reference rate, so 
while private parties never contract an FX operation in dollars, the dollar remains the underlying 
benchmark. 
China is the big exception to this rule, with Brazil taking concrete steps to increase the use of 
the yuan with its largest trading partner (see chart above left). In 2025, Banco Central signed a 
five-year, BRL157bn (US$27.7bn) swap agreement with the People's Bank of China (PBoC ) to 
bolster liquidity. This helped expand the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China’s role as Brazil's 
official RMB clearing bank, a designation the PBoC granted back in 2023.  
Panda bonds could soon aid Brazil’s dollar diversification process. Laying the groundwork for 
this shift, Finance Minister Dario Durigan officially submitted a letter of intent to the PBoC on 
June 25, initiating the formal process for Brazil’s inaugural issue of "Panda bonds"—debt 
instruments denominated in yuan aimed at tapping into Chinese capital markets. The Brazilian 
government hopes to finalize the offer by yearend. While the offer is relatively small, it will likely 
have the advantage of offering more competitive interest rates. For example, pulp and paper 
company Suzano completed its first operation of this kind in 2024, raising RMB 1.2 billion yuan 
with a 3-year maturity and an annual rate of 2.8%. Mining giant Vale is also weighing its own 
yuan-denominated bond offering. Entering the Chinese market helps Brazilian entities to diversify 
their investor base and raise capital at more attractive rates. 
The BRICS Grain Exchange offers a separate, longer-term development to monitor, with 
Brazilian soy farmers (chafing under the thumb of Western grain traders) backing this plan. 
The New Delhi Declaration called for further work on this Putin-backed platform, without agreeing 
yet on its operating model. Still, Brazil’s antitrust regulator CADE is co-chairing with its Egyptian 
counterpart a joint BRICS inquiry into global grain trading (including major international traders 
and their digital platforms) with findings expected by Sept 2027. The initiative aims to give Brazil 
a direct stake in discussing how agricultural trade is organized. Equally importantly, the BRICS 
Grain Exchange is supported by rural soy producers in Mato Grosso and other states who this 
year succeeded in gutting Brazil’s two-decade long soy moratorium – via an antitrust 
challenge spearheaded by CADE that ended up being upheld by the Brazilian Supreme Court 
last month. An alternative trading platform could eventually affect price discovery and settlement 
practices, eroding the business model of top grain traders like ADM, Bunge and Cargill. Still, until 
the exchange truly gets off the ground, its implications for de-dollarization remain speculative. 
Meanwhile, Brazil’s CBDC project (Drex) has been scaled back, underscoring the challenges of 
developing new financial infrastructure. Conceived as Brazil’s digital currency initiative, Drex 
was intended to support tokenized financial transactions, with its ambitions extending to cross-
border settlement through a joint pilot with Hong Kong’s monetary authority. However, the BC 


[Page 10]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
10 
discontinued its original blockchain platform in November 2025 after pilot tests failed to meet 
privacy and banking secrecy requirements, even as the runaway success of Pix diminished the 
need for a retail CBDC. Still, BC Governor Gabriel Galípolo has stressed that the project itself has 
not been abandoned. Drex’s near-term focus has reportedly shifted towards reconciling collateral 
records across financial institutions, a considerably narrower application than originally 
envisaged, while broader tokenization and settlement ambitions remain on hold, with no clear 
timetable for their revival. 
Against this fast-evolving backdrop, next month’s presidential election will play a decisive role 
in shaping Brasilia’s cross-border payments roadmap to 2030 and beyond. Under Lula, Brazil’s 
still nascent de-dollarization efforts are likely to gather steam as Pix increasingly links up with 
European and Asian fast payment systems. However, meaningfully reducing dollar dependence 
would still require deeper FX markets to support greater local-currency trade settlement. 
Separately, a proposed 3.5% financial transaction tax (IOF) on stablecoins could erode the cost 
advantage of stablecoin-funded cross-border payments should it move ahead. By contrast, Lula’s 
main presidential rival Flávio Bolsonaro has already proposed barring connections to Pix from 
non-Western cross-border settlement platforms.  If Washington insists on restrictions as the 
price for lower tariffs, a Flávio administration could move to preserve Pix domestically while 
limiting its internationalization with China and its allies. 
 
 


[Page 11]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
11 
Russia: Live laboratory lessons 
◼ The US-led economic war on Russia responding to the invasions of Ukraine reveals 
the unique power of the dollar weapon – above all as regards cross-border payments. 
◼ Russian counter-measures, notably a Ruble-pegged stablecoin, operate in a cat-and-
mouse sanctions game pending a fully dollar-immune CBDC-based solution. 
◼ BRICS-wide quarantine from dollar payments remains a challenge that it may take 
further US dollar weaponization to surmount (‘necessity the mother of invention’).  
State of play 
As the largest ever target of US dollar weaponization, Russia is a live laboratory for key 
themes examined in this report. It follows that there are plentiful lessons to be drawn from the 
record of evasive actions and countermeasures that Russia has taken in response to the 
avalanche of sanctions following its invasion of Ukraine in 2022. This record casts light on the 
considerable scope for neutralizing the dollar weapon. It also reveals the serious unresolved 
challenges involved in establishing cross-border payments mechanisms that are quarantined 
from the global dollar system while adequately replicating the operational ease and benefits of 
that system. 
Much of the Russian response to dollar weaponization has involved coordination with fellow 
BRICS and other “friendly” (i.e. non-sanctioning) countries of the Global South. It has been clear 
since the run-up to the annual Oct 2024 BRICS Summit hosted by Russia that cryptocurrency 
and, above all, CBDCs lie at the heart of Russian ambition to de-fang the dollar once and for all. 
The previous August saw the enactment of a law authorizing limited (“experimental”) use of 
cryptocurrency for the purpose of foreign payments. That measure legalized what by then had 
emerged as a widely-used instrument for coping with Russia’s exclusion from the global dollar 
system: this was a state bank-backed ruble stablecoin, on which more below.  
It can have been no accident that a Russian legislative process on cryptocurrency (dating back 
to 2020 and continuing via the above-mentioned 2024 law) culminated on the first day of this 
month – that is, just in time for this year’s BRICS Summit in New Delhi – with the entry into force 
of a comprehensive enabling statute on crypto circulation. Ruble money is now officially defined 
as falling into one of the following three categories, each having identical value: 1) cash; 2) “non-
cash” (meaning regular electronic money); and 3) “digital”. The “digital” (in effect, crypto) category 
refers to ruble money – hence, by definition, CBDC since the Central Bank of Russia (CBR) is the 
monopoly issuer of rubles – that wallet holders may exchange on blockchains to settle tokenized 
transactions. Under this new law, the “digital” ruble remains prohibited as legal tender for 
domestic transactions, with the list of authorized uses headed by “foreign trade transactions”.    
This latest clear signal that Moscow sees CBDCs as the key instrument for foiling dollar 
weaponization led to nothing more than the cautious reference in this month’s BRICS Summit 
communique to the encouragement of continuing discussion by the ‘BRICS Payments Task 
Force’ on local currency-based cross-border payments. The balancing acknowledgement that 
“there is no one-size-fits-all approach” suggests that the path of least resistance involves further 
piecemeal and bilateral/regional arrangements. Corrosive as this may be over time to US 
coercion, this would nonetheless fall short of a universal solution to the predicament now faced 


[Page 12]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
12 
by Russia (along with Iran) and against which their fellow BRICS and associated countries have a 
clear interest in insuring themselves.    
 
Sanctions history – dollar highlight 
The implications of the point this story has now reached emerge more clearly in the light of some 
broader perspectives on the Russian case.  
Proof of concept: the dollar is the most powerful weapon in Washington’s economic arsenal. 
The economic war waged by the US and its allies against Russia highlights how dollar 
weaponization outstrips all other sanctions measures. The most traditional form of economic 
warfare is blockade enforced by military deployment (as now by the US against Iran) and/or 
customs authorities. Russia cannot be effectively blockaded given its geography, self-sufficiency 
in food and energy, and also because of its importance as a supplier (of vital commodities) and 
as a market (for exports) for China, India and many other larger economies outside the US 
alliance system.  
Russia’s economic vulnerability stems instead from this very openness of its economy. In 
2021 – the last full pre-war year – the US$923 billion value of total Russian external trade 
turnover as recorded in the CBR’s balance of payments data was more than half the country’s 
GDP in that year expressed in dollars at market exchange rates. Cut off from trade with the US 
and its allies (above all, Europe – Russia’s largest pre-war trading partner), Russia has been able 
to still find sufficiently large alternative markets for its exports and sources for its imports.  
The problem lies in settling payments for that trade through the traditional channel of 
transfers intermediated by correspondent banks. When the Russian banks and companies 
involved in cross-border transactions and/or the goods being traded are under US (and wider 
Western) sanctions, the risks for correspondent banks in the trading partner countries are far 
from mitigated by their own governments’ indifference or even active disapproval of such 
sanctions. The dominance of the US dollar in global payments, FX settlement and general funding 
means that no bank doing cross-border business can afford to risk violating US sanctions and 
becoming a sanctioned entity itself with consequent loss or destruction of business. Dollar 
dominance thus gives the US Treasury vast power over international banking throughout the 
world.   
Such power may be at its most effective when used sparingly as a reminder to all players of the 
costs of non-compliance. When this economic weapon is unleashed with no holds barred against 
another large capitalist economy like Russia, both the target and third parties have strong if not 
overwhelming incentives to find workarounds. In this Russian case, three counter-strategies have 
emerged. All have achieved some positive results but none of them could be called an unqualified 
success. 
 
1. SWIFT alternative 
Up and running since 2019, Russia’s Faster Payments System (FPS) directly overseen by the 
CBR is broadly similar to other BRICS countries’ instant (cardless) payments platforms. FPS 
integration with some other countries does not make it relevant to mitigating the dollar 
weaponization threat to Russia’s external trade since the system exists for retail transfers with a 
single transaction limit of Rb1 million (around US$12,000). Moreover, the other countries involved 


[Page 13]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
13 
for now – eight in the FSU plus Laos – do not include the major Russian trading partners, China 
and India.  
The more relevant part of Russia’s financial architecture for this analysis is the System for 
Transfer of Financial Messages (Russian acronym: SPFS) that started to be developed in 2014 – 
when the Russia-US geopolitical confrontation was beginning and the possibility of excluding 
Russia from the globally dominant SWIFT interbank messaging network was already mooted as a 
‘nuclear’ sanctions option. As a result, Russia had a fall-back when exclusion from SWIFT finally 
occurred (in 2022).  
The most important development since then has been some SPFS integration with China’s 
CIPS. This will have facilitated the virtually total transfer of China-Russia trade into rubles and 
RMB with the dollar nowhere to be seen. Such ‘plumbing’ should not, however, distract from the 
organic driver behind this success: China-Russia bilateral trade has become more balanced 
alongside its expansion, as China has replaced Europe as the single largest source of Russian 
imports (chart below). 
This trend towards more balanced bilateral trade ensures reliable demand for each other’s 
currency on both sides of the border. The same cannot be said for Russia’s next most important 
trading partner – India. The surplus resulting from India’s surging purchases of Russian crude oil 
has produced a redundant overhang of the associated rupee-dominated payments (now that the 
usual recourse to the dollar is no longer an option).    
While the previously much feared Western economic salvo of barring Russia from SWIFT has 
proven a damp squib, the solution to that problem does not solve the underlying problem of 
correspondent banking amid blanket sanctions. This problem was already visible in the milder 
pre-2022 sanctions environment. Seeking to undermine Russia’s longer-run economic 
development, the Obama administration in December 2014 sanctioned the nascent Yamal LNG 
project. The result was a two-year delay to the start of construction as the agreed Chinese 
financing had to be shifted from regular Chinese commercial banks that could not afford to 
violate US sanctions to Chinese state financing vehicles and institutions. This problem will 
certainly not have gone away. The large-scale and diverse trade with Russia could not be handled 
China's bilateral goods trade with Russia (US$ billion) 
Source: China Customs 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Exports to Russia
Imports from Russia
China’s bilateral deficit (RHS)


[Page 14]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
14 
by niche institutions like the Bank of Kunlun that has long specialized in servicing the oil trade 
with Iran and is therefore indifferent to the inevitably resulting US sanctions. 
 
2. Stealth correspondent banking  
This part of Russia’s response has boiled down to deception. With a large part of the CBR’s 
international reserves frozen by the West since 2022, alternative de facto reserves for financing 
imports are Russian commodity exporters’ current proceeds sitting offshore. These are bought by 
importers for rubles that are then remitted by means of a mirror trade to the Russian exporting 
company to pay domestic bills. The foreign exchange acquired by the importer is housed in front 
companies (the UAE a favourite jurisdiction) that then use correspondent banks to pay for 
imports with invoices suitably doctored when the goods involved are on Western sanctions lists. 
Since last year, and particularly this week, the Financial Times has published reports on such 
schemes based on “leaks” showing that a major intermediary is a group called A7 working closely 
– for the ruble mirror trade leg – with state-owned Promsvyazbank (PSB).  
With the US and UK promptly sanctioning the entities involved in such schemes on detection, the 
likes of A7 and PSB have developed a deeper stealth track. 
 
3. Ruble stablecoin 
A popular ruble-pegged stablecoin countering dollar weaponization is called ‘A7A5’ with each 
token backed by a ruble on deposit in PSB. Available to Russian importers via blockchain 
ledgers operated by Ethereum and others, A7A5 can be exchanged for USDT stablecoins that are 
widely accepted by counterparties. At one point last year, it became the largest non-USD 
stablecoin by value and reportedly processed more than US$100bn in transactions before 
coordinated US and European sanctions hit, sharply limiting its reach. Key to this scheme has 
been the use of crypto exchanges in Kyrgyzstan. In the same cat-and-mouse game with the US 
sanctions machine, two such exchanges were shut down last year. Accounts of this year’s 
continuing game – with wallets being destroyed and recreated – will presumably leak into the 
press before long.    
 
CBDC solution – or mirage?  
It is impossible for outsiders to judge whether the ‘cat’ (US dollar weaponizers) or ‘mouse’ 
(Russian evaders) is getting the upper hand. If it’s the Russian ‘mouse’ that is winning (if only by 
staying in the game), then the spectacle would seem closer to ‘whack-a-mole’. Even in that case, 
however, this would hardly seem a stable let alone optimal operational foundation for Russia as a 
large open economy that is barred from the US dollar system.   
This survey helps explain Russia’s focus on CBDCs as offering the best prospect of a systemic 
riposte to dollar weaponization. A wide range of desirable goals would be met if cross-border 
payments were increasingly settled using central bank money in tokenized transactions overseen 
and regulated by central banks of the BRICS and other “friendly” countries, and dispensing with 
any need for correspondent banking. The US Treasury would be powerless to disrupt such a 
hermetic system. Countries using it for mutual trade payments would score more highly in our 
Strategic Autonomy framework.  


[Page 15]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
15 
For now, however, this desired solution remains elusive. One lesson from this Russian case 
history may be that it is misleading to think of such cross-border payments systems as a 
relatively simple and technical challenge before countries graduate up to more ambitious de-
dollarization challenges. Applying instead to all aspects and stages of the de-dollarization agenda 
is the same familiar problem of the lack of an alternative to the dollar: namely, its liquidity, 
stability, convertibility and universal desirability. Perhaps a CBDC-based BRICS Pay system could 
be universalized by using gold as the reserve asset – trusted by all, controlled by none – and/or a 
basket of member state currencies, as Russia has proposed. Such leaps seem less likely to be 
self-generated than to occur as reactions to further escalation and proliferation of dollar 
weaponization by the US. For in that case, and in line with what the past years of economic war 
with Russia have demonstrated, “necessity is the mother of invention”.     
 
 


[Page 16]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
16 
India: Oil import needs drive diversification 
◼ US flip-flop on India’s purchases of Russian oil a key driver of dollar diversification 
◼ But India has so far moved cautiously on building non-USD cross-border payment rails  
◼ Internationalization of India’s real-time UPI to provide plumbing for future de-
dollarization initiatives in coming years  
Sandwiched between conflicting US-China imperatives, New Delhi’s approach to cross-border 
payments has, by necessity, been pragmatic, patient and deliberately low key. Well before its 
hosting of this month’s BRICS summit and the latest Trump tariff threats, the Modi government 
embraced a cautious, multi-track strategy that aims to build the option to transact outside of the 
US dollar but in limited ways that neither strain its relations with the US (India’s largest export 
market for goods and services) nor cedes greater leverage to China (that already dominates the 
BRICS+ bloc). The result for India so far is technical success in expanding its digital footprint 
in cross-border payments, with the operational expansion of its payments rails to facilitate real-
time transactions with a growing number of countries, including Singapore, UAE and France.  
However, adoption – both in terms of linked infrastructure as well as trade settlement in local 
currencies – is so far largely bilateral, not multilateral, and remains constrained by structural 
factors (e.g., the rupee’s partial convertibility). 
Officials have explicitly stated that India isn’t interested in de-dollarization or a common 
BRICS currency, even as the government has been trying to encourage the use of rupees in 
settling trade payments. This is not only to gradually diminish its dependency on the USD but also 
to get around sanctions (notably to import Russian oil). Most recently, in August 2026, India 
amended trade policy to provide exporters settling in rupees the same benefits – such as tax 
refunds and duty exemptions – as those settling in foreign currencies. So far, local currency trade 
has been primarily limited to Russia, with bilateral rupee-ruble trade accounting for 96% of 
transactions between the two countries. The UAE is another significant – albeit smaller case – 
with local currency settlement now accounting for 15% in bilateral trade flows.  
The Modi government’s push for trade settlement in rupees began after the West sanctioned 
Russia for its 2022 invasion of Ukraine. As oil prices surged and the rupee sank to record lows 
owing to India’s heavy oil import dependence (it imports ~90% of its annual needs), India began 
to buy the sanctioned, discounted Russian crude in larger quantities after working out trade 
settlement in rupees with Russia. This was indirectly encouraged by the US itself under the Biden 
administration, which asked India to keep buying discounted Russian crude to stabilize global 
energy markets. Since then, New Delhi has scaled up that settlement mechanism to other trading 
partners, with banks from 35 countries opening Special Rupee Vostro Accounts (SRVAs) with 
their Indian counterparts, and the Reserve Bank of India signing local-currency settlement 
agreements with the central banks of Indonesia, the Maldives, Mauritius and the UAE. A similar 
framework with Japan is due to be rolled out soon.  
Overall usage is still thin: ~2.5% of India’s imports in FY26 were settled in rupees, mostly for 
the Russian oil corridor. The share is estimated to have jumped to 7% in the Mar-May ’26 period 
as the outbreak of the Iran War made India turn to buying Russian oil again after the threat of US 
tariffs in 2025 had led India to temporarily reduce its Russian purchases. To be sure, local 
currencies are for the most part being used opportunistically, to insulate against geopolitical risk 
(as with Russia’s case), increase financial sovereignty, and for trading partners that face FX 
shortages (such as Sri Lanka). However, the threat of new US tariffs on purchases of sanctioned 


[Page 17]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
17 
Russian oil could prompt India to pursue dollar diversification more aggressively as India’s need 
to safeguard its energy security will trump its reliance on the US as its principal export market.    
Last year, India had agreed to reduce its Russian oil purchases under the threat of 50% US tariffs, 
but it was forced to sharply raise them again following the Iran war disruption to oil imports. The 
US temporarily provided India with emergency waivers to buy Russian oil, but now once again 
appears to be ready to pressure India to stop.  
For India to aggressively scale up rupee use bilaterally, several structural challenges will need 
to be resolved given the unit’s partial convertibility. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said 
in 2023 that India’s large trade deficit with Russia was a “problem”, as it leaves the latter holding a 
rupee surplus that it finds difficult to recycle into imports from India. Russia has since been 
channelling some of those rupees into Indian debt and equities, with the RBI also permitting SRVA 
balances to be invested in Indian assets. Interoperable systems such as BRICS Pay face the 
same convertibility hurdle: any country running a large trade surplus with India will struggle to 
spend accumulated rupees; bilateral trade either needs to be roughly balanced, or India will have 
to further liberalise its capital account to allow export earnings to be reinvested. To avoid 
convertibility issues, Indian refiners have paid for some Russian crude shipments using UAE 
dirhams. At the same time, India has discouraged settlement in yuan given its political tensions 
with China.  
India continues to forge ahead on developing financial infrastructure – the so-called plumbing 
for enabling faster, digital cross-border payments. Earlier this month, the Russian Direct 
Investment Fund said it will collaborate with India’s BRICS Pay arm to help integrate India’s 
national payments system – Unified Payments Interface, or UPI – with BRICS Pay. Prime Minister 
Narendra Modi is actively pushing to export the UPI infrastructure, seeking to replicate the 
domestic success of what is the world’s largest real-time, interoperable retail payments system – 
responsible for nearly half of all global instant payments in 2024. 
By positioning UPI as a public good, India is serving multiple objectives – from a tool of 
diplomatic outreach to ensuring easier, faster and cheaper cross-border trade payments as 
well as inward remittances from its diaspora. India is the world's largest recipient of remittances. 
In 2023, India linked its UPI with Singapore’s PayNow, enabling users to instantly send funds 
across borders. NPCI – the Indian non-profit that developed UPI – has an international arm that 
provides technological assistance and infrastructure to countries looking to develop their own 
payment capabilities. UPI is currently live in 10 countries outside India: Bhutan, Cambodia, France, 
Maldives, Mauritius, Nepal, Qatar, Singapore, Sri Lanka, and the UAE; in August, India announced 
its newest interoperability agreement with Uzbekistan. Meanwhile, Mauritius, Namibia, Peru, 
Trinidad and Tobago as well as the UAE have adopted UPI technology for their own domestic use. 
Still, while momentum is picking up, actual cross-border payments are so far negligible. But this 
could change significantly in the coming two to four years (see map below). 
New 2027-28 initiatives with ASEAN and the EU are in the pipeline, which would allow India to 
link UPI with multilateral payments networks alongside bilateral deals. The RBI is one of 6 Asian 
central banks that form Project Nexus, which was originally conceptualized by the Bank for 
International Settlements (BIS) to connect multiple domestic retail instant payment platforms in a 
standardized way. Nexus, which is now independent of the BIS, is reported to be aiming to go live 
in 2027. If so, India could see its digital trade grow with key Southeast Asian states at an 
opportune moment, with ASEAN’s landmark Digital Economy Framework Agreement (DEFA), 
finalized in May and set to be signed this November. DEFA is projected to super-charge the bloc’s 
digital trade from US$305bn in 2025 to US$1-2trn by 2030. The European Central Bank is also 


[Page 18]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
18 
collaborating with India (as well as Project Nexus) to integrate its instant payments settlement 
platform (TIPS). 
 
India’s focus on payments systems architecture also underpins its efforts to link its nascent 
CBDC to bilateral and multilateral initiatives. The RBI is part of two BIS-led initiatives, Project 
Rialto and phase 2 of Project Mandala, aimed at enhancing cross-border payments through 
CBDCs; in August 2026, RBI Governor Sanjay Malhotra said that CBDC linkages and 
interoperability of instant payments systems are being formally discussed within the BRICS as 
well, although a formal initiative to carry this forward was not adopted at this month’s BRICS 
summit. Linking BRICS member countries’ CBDCs for cross border trade involve hefty external 
challenges given the political strains between various countries that would complicate any bloc-
wide linkage (for instance, between UAE and Iran). Still, once the plumbing is built, BRICS Pay 
could begin to move forward. Meanwhile, the RBI is actively pursuing the development of the e-
rupee: it is carrying out one of the world’s largest CBDC retail pilot programmes, although this 
remains for now very much in the “pilot” phase, with no go-live date yet.  
In sum, India is playing the long game as it moves to expand the global footprint of its UPI 
system and develop its CBDC while encouraging the use of local currency bilateral trade 
settlements both inside and outside of the BRICS+ bloc. Even though India will likely remain 
dollar-dependent for the foreseeable future, rising geopolitical risks (such as US tariffs for 
purchasing Russian oil at a time when the West Asian supply chain has been disrupted) will 
slowly but surely spur India to more aggressively pursue dollar diversification with every new 
shock. 
 
India’s UPI goes international 
*Singapore accepts UPI and is also participating in Project Nexus. 
**France, which accepts UPI, is a Eurozone country. Norway and Iceland are scheduled to join TIPS in 2028. 
***Indonesia, a participant in Project Nexus, is also part of BRICS. Saudi Arabia is represented here among the BRICS 
countries but while it is an invited member, the Saudi government has not officially confirmed that it has in fact joined 
as an active member. 


[Page 19]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
19 
China: From defanging to dethroning the dollar 
◼ Beijing builds out sanctions “insurance” via comprehensive payments system 
◼ RMB internationalization efforts to accelerate. Goal is a FX “buffer zone” 
◼ Significant upside ahead for RMB FX reserves holdings 
China has long been conscious of its vulnerability to international sanctions across both real 
and financial economies. A key pillar of Xi Jinping policy since 2012 has been self-sufficiency, 
reshaping the PRC to resist external pressure. China has been remarkably successful at creating 
infrastructure to circumvent US financial hegemony. That process, focused on payment systems 
and RMB pricing, will continue alongside a new more ambitious goal, RMB internationalization. Xi 
wants China to become a financial superpower. We think Beijing is poised to accelerate efforts 
to build an offshore pool of RMB assets and attempt to push the yuan global. There is still 
significant upside for RMB adoption outside the PRC. 
Dual circulation, ‘Made In China 2025’, “anti-long arm jurisdiction” and agriculture “red lines” 
are just some of the autarkic programs initiated by Beijing. The Chinese approach to economic 
resilience is far reaching and multifaceted. In cross-border transactions there have been three 
broad interrelated approaches; i) payment channels, ii) RMB denomination; and iii) central bank 
swap lines and FX reserves. 
 
Modern efforts to evade payment sanctions began in the small city of Karamay in Xinjiang. 
The Bank of Kunlun (formerly named the Karamay City Commercial Bank) was acquired by China 
National Petroleum Corporation in 2009. Following US trade restrictions on Iran in 2010 the bank 
quickly became the main financing channel for the Iran-China oil trade.  
The Bank of Kunlun, with little to no US$ business and requirements to access SWIFT or other 
international payment infrastructure, was an ideal vehicle with little to lose from potential US 
blacklisting. The bank was duly sanctioned in 2012 and continues to thrive on the Iran oil trade. 
TSL has visited its enormous bustling office building in the heart of Beijing. Similar institutions 
Chart 2: Payment infrastructure rising from lows 
Sources: CIPS, PBoC 
Chart 1: Ukraine boost to RMB usage 
Sources: SAFE, CEIC. 
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
1,000
21
22
22
23
23
24
24
25
25
26
CIPS avg daily value RMB bn
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
RMB share of China cross-border 
receipts and payments


[Page 20]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
20 
were co-opted for trade with other sanctioned countries, most notably the Bank of Dandong 
located a few hundred metres from the DPRK border.  
Correspondent banking relationships provided a solution to bilateral challenges but did little to 
solve system-wide vulnerabilities. To address these issues the PBOC began working on an 
alternative to SWIFT in 2012. Officially launched in 2015 the Cross-Border Interbank Payment 
System (CIPS) is an interbank messaging network similar to and interoperable with SWIFT and a 
full clearing and settlement payment system (similar to US CHIPS). CIPS has grown from 217 to 
1829 participant banks (compared to 11,500 for SWIFT). When combined with the Hong Kong’s 
Clearing House Automated Transfer System (CHATS) the two China backed systems clear RMB 
3trn in daily payments.  
mBridge is the digital option: a blockchain-based, multi-central bank digital currency (CBDC) 
platform designed to facilitate real-time, peer-to-peer, cross-border payments and foreign 
exchange transaction. Founded by the BIS, PBoC and three other central banks (Thailand, UAE, 
Saudi Arabia), the project is compatible with e-CNY (Beijing’s digital currency) but has seen 
limited usage thus far although volumes are growing from a small base. Still, with BIS bowing to 
Biden administration pressure in late 2024 to leave the project and Saudi Arabia’s confirmation 
(reported by the FT this month) that it had exited the project last year, mBridge is now effectively 
another China initiative rather than what it was designed originally to be: a true multilateral 
platform. 
 
On top of developing alternative payment networks, Beijing has simultaneously pushed for 
RMB-denominated bilateral trade and commodity pricing. China has launched yuan futures 
contracts for an array of goods to take aim at a fundamental anchor of dollar hegemony, 
including: crude oil, iron ore, copper, low-sulfur fuel oil, palm oil, PTA and types of rubber. 
Oil and iron are the most significant trade and RMB priced contracts. Shanghai crude futures 
were launched in 2018. This created a mechanism whereby an overseas oil producer can: 1) sell 
crude against a Chinese RMB price; 2) receive RMB; 3) hedge the RMB oil price through the 
Shanghai futures market; and 4) potentially recycle the RMB into Chinese goods/assets. The 
government has also attempted to develop an RMB oil pricing benchmark alongside Brent and 
WTI, with limited success thus far. 
Chart 4: RMB offshore supply increasing slowly 
Sources: RBA, CEIC. 
Chart 3: Hong Kong payments also get a boost 
Sources: HKMA, CEIC. 
0
200
400
600
800
1000
09 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26
International debt securities (USD bn)
AUD
RMB
JPY
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
3,500
4,000
21
22
22
23
23
24
24
25
25
26
CHATS avg daily value RMB bn


[Page 21]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
21 
As the monopsony buyer of iron ore Beijing has particular leverage. China launched RMB-
denominated iron-ore futures on the Dalian Commodity Exchange in 2013 and opened the 
contract to overseas participants in 2018. RMB settlement with the major miners Vale, BHP, Rio 
Tinto followed in 2020.  
At a bilateral country level there has been significant progress in RMB-denominated trade with 
Russia, Brazil, Argentina, Iraq, Iran and ASEAN. To facilitate transactions, RMB clearing banks 
were set up across multiple jurisdictions and the PBoC engaged in a swap line signing blitz. The 
number of bilateral swap lines increased from three in 2009 to 32 active agreements in 2026, 
by far the largest of any central bank.  
Until 2022, the efforts described above were little used insurance policies; since then, the 
Ukraine and Iran conflicts have changed that dynamic. As the charts above and below show the 
conflicts catalyzed rapid adoption and expansion across CIPS, RMB trade and financing and, to a 
lesser degree, holding of RMB assets. RMB-denominated Chinese cross border trade moved 
from 20% to 50%, while CIPS and CHATS transaction amounts have roughly doubled.  
Large barriers to RMB adoption remain – and with it, Beijing’s (in)ability to withstand a 
sweeping US-led sanctions package without suffering a body blow to its economy. Chief 
among them is the relative unwillingness of counterparties to hold even moderately sized 
portfolios of Yuan-denominated assets. The scale, accessibility, reliability and supply of RMB 
denominated securities make foreign entities reluctant to allocate FX reserves to the Yuan. Just 
2% of central bank reserves are in CNY below that of AUD and CAD. This in turn raises the cost of 
RMB transactions as counterparties convert into/out of Yuan for trade or financing. Limitations of 
renminbi-denominated derivatives markets and PBoC swap lines also play a part. 
Keenly aware of this, Xi Jinping wants to make China a “financial superpower”. Xi believes 
geoeconomic and technological “changes unseen in a century” provide an opportunity for China 
to, among a great many other things, improve international usage of the RMB. Commenting more 
recently, PBoC governor Pan Gongsheng warned in 2025 that a "global dominant currency tends 
to be instrumentalized or weaponized" and hailed efforts to "weaken the excessive reliance on a 
single sovereign currency." In April, amid the Strait of Hormuz conflict, former PBoC governor 
Zhou Xiaochuan declared a “golden window of opportunity” to grow the renminbi’s global use, 
even as recent studies suggest that RMB internationalization may have hit a wall. 
Chart 5: RMB usage is still incredibly low 
Sources: RBA, CEIC, PBoC. 
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
FX Turnover
Global Payments
FX Reserves
International Debt
Share of total (2026, *RMB debt 2016)
USD
EUR
RMB
JPY
GBP


[Page 22]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
22 
Beijing is seeking to maintain a closely controlled capital account, allowing foreign investors 
increasing (but still monitored) access to onshore assets. At the same time a separate but 
interrelated offshore RMB capital market is being developed. Progress is accelerating. In the past 
two years, financial regulators have addressed core barriers to RMB asset trading. Foreign 
investors can now access: RMB repo markets (Sep 2025), government bond futures (April 2026) 
and enjoy a tax break on bond income (Jan 2026). An offshore RMB repo facility was created for 
central banks and large sovereign investors (June 2026), CGB futures trading is enabled (August 
2026), and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority offers stable medium term financing for 
investment (expanded in Feb 2025).  
RMB assets are now easier to buy and are becoming more attractive to own. Part of the 
strategy is FX appreciation (also a geopolitical imperative). A currency that is gaining steadily in 
value is more likely to be bought than one that depreciates. We think the competitiveness of 
Chinese manufacturing (see here and here) means Beijing can allow an annual 5% nominal gain 
in RMB without in any way harming exports (roughly 2ppts productivity gains and 3ppts inflation 
differential). Yields on 10y government bonds are a paltry 1.672%, but when 5ppt currency gain is 
added, the stability, capital preservation and diversification benefits begin to look attractive. 
Investors are increasingly interested, although ownership remains below previous highs earlier in 
the decade. The relative attractiveness of stable yields, politics, FX and monetary and fiscal policy 
is increasing as conditions in DM bonds deteriorate.  
The last missing piece is the supply side. There is no shortage of RMB debt onshore and the 
PRC is working to increase the supply outside of China. Offshore RMB financing is actively 
encouraged, foreign bank lending in RMB is given a significantly lower weighting than that 
denominated in USD and has risen sharply as a result. Outbound lending often accompanies 
Chinese tech, exports and investment. Outbound direct investment, much of it commercial rather 
than state led, is at an all time high – surpassing the previous Best and Road peak set in 2015. 
Total outstanding panda bonds, RMB-denominated bonds issued onshore by foreign entities, 
have increased three-fold since the beginning of 2022. Dim sum bonds – RMB bond issuance 
offshore (mostly in Hong Kong) – have also jumped, in H1/26 dim sum bond issuance by entities 
not domiciled in Hong Kong or China already surpassed the previous annual record. Sovereign 
borrowing is rising too, with the likes of Indonesia, Russia, Hungary, Portugal and Slovenia issuing 
RMB debt. Still, for now, total supply of internationally traded RMB debt is still small at just 1% of 
global markets, similar to JPY and AUD (Chart 4 above). 
China has made rapid progress on payment systems building a comprehensive insurance 
against international sanctions. The next stage in Beijing’s plan is more ambitious, to create a 
RMB buffer zone by internationalizing the Yuan. The dollar is not going to be replaced but a 
Yuan firewall is likely to form over the next five years. Given favourable geoeconomic and 
regulatory tailwinds we expect RMB usage to increase quickly from current low levels further 
supporting Yuan appreciation.  


[Page 23]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
23 
Authors 
Grace Fan 
Managing Director, 
Global Policy and 
Disruptive Themes 
Research 
Christopher 
Granville 
Managing Director, 
EMEA and Global 
Political Research 
Rory Green 
Head of Emerging 
Markets 
Shumita Deveshwar 
Chief India Economist 
 
Elizabeth Johnson 
Managing Director, 
Brazil Research 
João Pedro Fachetti 
Economist 
 
 
 


[Page 24]
 
 
 
 
  
Global Political Drivers | 25 September 2026  
24 
Disclaimer 
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard 
Street Research Limited, Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK 
Limited (together “TSL Research Group”).  This report is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL 
Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be reproduced, stored in 
a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, 
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group. 
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources 
believed to be reliable but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL 
Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum 
extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of 
this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the 
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is 
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information 
contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of 
this report based on the information available. 
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, 
or estimates. Past performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, 
and no representation or warranty, express or implied is made regarding future performance. This 
information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete or 
condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The 
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in 
this report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are 
subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or 
income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not 
have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. 
Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the 
types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report. 
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions. 
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in 
England No. 10232483 
 
 
