[Page 1]
GS Shelofsky - IG Credit Recap 26 Sep 2026
Brad Shelofsky  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Credit Research
Sat 26 Sep 2026, 10:37am ET
IG Credit Recap:
IG cash underperformed on the week as a developing supply story added to pressure from the rates
market, which remained center stage. Equities proved resilient, with the META Muse-fueled momentum
trade pushing stocks into the green for the week. Correlation between spread and equity performance
remains extremely low across the broader market but is effectively nonexistent within the AI space. META
equity was +13% WTD and +31% MTD, while META 6.3 56s were +6bps wider WTD and nearly 15bps
off the MTD tights.
Source: Bloomberg as of Sept 25th, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results
The credit market is at a critical junction, centered on the next two graphs: IG All-in Yield, broken down
into Rates + Spread, and the MOVE Index, which tracks US bond market volatility. Simply put, yields are
incredibly attractive here and it’s hard to be overly bearish IG given that context, however, spreads as a
percentage of that yield is at the lows, making it very tricky to love an index at +80bps. While the rate
move has taken All-In-Yields to multi year highs, the velocity of the move will sideline demand and raise
concerns around outflows ($1.8bn inflow last week). For now the market still feels positioned defensively
so haven’t seen notable selling ahead of those fears but broadly speaking conviction is low. Stat from
Sarah on our PT team stood out: “over the last 10 sessions, sorting my PT blotter by size reveals a striking
pattern: all but one of the 14 inquiries over $500mm were two-sided, near delta-neutral switches.”
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, as of 9/25/26
Source: Bloomberg as of Sept 25th, 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results
The market was clearly pre-positioned for a record Sept calendar that failed to materizlie in terms scale but
also in duration leading to a steady performance through the supply. That techincal tailwind got challanged
this week after Paramount settled with state AGs over the antitrust act attempting to block their purchase
of Warner Brothers. This clears the run way for acquisition financing as soon as next week. Total debt
package is ~$50bn, of which ~$30bn will be wide trading 1L secured IG bonds. Given the context of
whispers for this deal and the scale of the supply, IG underperformed led by liquids and more notably
decompression. Our universe of bonds trading >200 ended the week +9bps wider while the 0-100bp
universe was a more orderly +3.5bps. Adding to the PSKY headlines, Tesla was assinged a BBB rating
from Fitch this week reigniting market speculation around an inuagural IG transation. Market expectations
are upwards of $25bn for a deal there with timing a bit more up in the air.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, as of 9/25/26
Not that we needed another data point to confirm the broader market’s focus on AI debt, but seeing over
400 clients log into our Cross Asset team’s Zoom at 2:30pm on Friday certainly provided confirmation.


[Page 2]
The call was centered around Goldmans’ Chief Credit Strategist Amanda Lynahm who has been fantastic
with her coverage along with Miles McCarthy who spoke to the rise in CDS volumes around the space.
There has been Rapid growth in AI single name CDS trading volumes & liquidity -- AI CDS volumes
have exploded +400% YoY. The universe of liquid, tradable single name AI CDS has gone from 4 names
last year to 10-12 this year (ORCL, SPCX, AVGO, AMD, NVDA, META, AMZN, GOOGL, MSFT
among the most liquid). Notional traded has jumped from $50-100mm per name per week last year to
hundreds of $ millions per name per day this year.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, as of 9/25/26
New Issue Summary: $42bn across 27 deals, a touch under the $50bn estimated. 85% of the supply came
in the first two sessions with Sycos’s $14.65bn 10 tranche deal headlining the week. Notable that Sycso
was the only issuer to bring a long bond this week. The book peaked at $91bn and priced with arguably 0
concession in the 30y as the market still has plenty of appetite for non-AI duration. NIC only 2.4bps vs
YTD average of 3.1bps. MTD up to only $180bn with only 3 sessions remaining, PSKY will get us close
to the $230bn estimate but dont think that was on most people’s radar at the start of the month.
YTD issuance by sector by tenor: Without AI, we are not getting duration
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, as of 9/25/26
Near Term View: As allueded to above, IG creidt feels really tricky to call from here. The price action in
the rates market is most concerning, there is no obvious off ramp for the situtaion in Iran, and the techncial
tailwind of underwhelming supply is quickly residing. The wall of worry is growing with all-in-yields
being the sole but powerful counterarguemnt. All leads to a bearish lean with risk reward to spreads
unisipiring but concoius that has been the argument for a while and yields are at the highs. I think risk is to
credit curves steepening: the move in rates has shifted demand into intermediates, macro weakness
typicaly leads to 30y short seeling, and the likes of PSKY will brign some wide trading duration.


[Page 3]


[Page 4]
