[Page 1]
MACRO STRATEGY  | SPETEMBER 2026
Relative Value & Tactical 
Asset Allocation
Key takeaways
	
▪The Global Economic & Market Strategy team expects  
growth in 2026 to outpace the growth seen in 2025, albeit 
with sticky inflation.
	
▪A short-term, technical mean reversion of rates may benefit 
quality assets in sectors benchmarked from the mid- to back-
end of the yield curve.
	
▪MetLife Investment Management recommends an up-in-
quality approach across all sectors rather than reaching for 
incremental spreads.
Q4 2026
Authors
Jun Jiang
Sr. Director, Global Economic  
& Market Strategy
Wei Wei
Director, Global Economic  
& Market Strategy
Drew T. Matus
Chief Market Strategist


[Page 2]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
2
Geopolitical risk on the rise again, shadowing the “hinge” economy
The Market Strategy team expects 2026 growth in the United States to outpace the growth seen in 2025 and 
looks for that growth to continue into 2027. With inflation likely to remain elevated over the next few quarters 
and policymaker patience wearing thin, it seems likely that the Federal Reserve will move to raise the policy 
rate in September. While the rate increase is unlikely to have an impact on inflation, it does increase the risk 
to the growth outlook. 
Two main components are driving growth: investments in artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure and 
consumer spending. However, the latter driver is also likely an indirect result of the former—the technology-
driven equity wealth effect that is offsetting weak consumer sentiment and expectations for negative real 
income growth among all income cohorts. With other areas of the economy, such as housing, still acting as a 
drag on activity, the AI trade is the hinge upon which growth rests. 
Against this backdrop, our portfolio posture is to earn carry that is up in quality: Overweight the sectors 
where all-in yields and fundamentals still compensate for the risk—U.S. investment grade (IG, public and 
private), emerging market (EM) sovereigns, residential whole loans and agricultural mortgages—while 
underweighting low-spread, rate- and convexity-sensitive sectors with asymmetric downside, such as 
German Bunds, JGBs, European IG, CMBS, flow ABS and cash.
Global growth holds firm as energy risks linger
United States
The August employment report pointed to a labor market rebounding from its longer-term gradual loss 
of momentum. Hiring improved from the recent soft patch and broadened across several sectors, while 
manufacturing and construction remained steady. Wage growth continued to moderate, limiting near-term 
inflation concerns, and a longer work week supported household income. The shift from part-time to full-
time employment was also encouraging, although job creation remains modest by historical standards.
Exhibit 1  |  Tactical asset allocation views for Q4 2026
Equal weighted benchmark
Asset allocation views
USTs 10Yr
JGBs 10Yr
U.S. IG A
U.S. IG BBB
IG Europe
Privates A
Privates BBB
HY
HY Bank Loans
Munis
EM 
US$ 
Sov.
EM 
US$ 
Corp.
ABS Flow
ABS Core
Private S.F.
Agency MBS
CMBS
CLOs
Resi. Whole 
Loans
Commʼl Mtges
RE Equity
Agriculture Mtges
Corporate Equity
Non-agency 
RMBS
Bunds 10Yr
Note: 
1. The asset class views in the chart above are 
based solely on our macroeconomic views, 
sector fundamentals, and market 
expectations by the authors, which may be 
diﬀerent from MetLife’s, portfolio 
managers’ and sector strategists’ views, 
which are included in this report. For 
illustrative purposes only.
2. The asset class views are not associated 
with any MetLife or Client portfolios. 
3. No portfolio speciﬁc constraints are 
considered in these asset allocation views. 
4. The asset class views reﬂect a relative 
directional overweight/underweight among 
the assets, without absolute weightings.
Figure 1. Relative directional positioning versus 
an equal-weight benchmark (dashed). 
Source: MetLife Investment Management 
(MIM), New RV Grid Q3-2026. For illustrative 
purposes only. As of 08/28/2026.


[Page 3]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
3
Broader indicators suggest a low-fire, low-hire environment: Unemployment remains contained and 
workforce participation has improved, but longer job searches point to reduced labor-market dynamism. 
This backdrop supports continued consumer spending without signaling renewed wage pressure. 
Europe—Euro area & UK
Euro area: Euro-area growth has proved more resilient than implied by the first-quarter soft patch. After 
growth in the first quarter contracted, second-quarter growth rebounded, keeping MIM’s 0.9%, above-
consensus forecast for 2026 intact. The growth mix across countries remains unbalanced. MIM has have 
raised our euro area inflation forecast again, as the Iran conflict and resultant energy price pressures have 
dragged on. Headline inflation re-accelerated to 3.3% in August (the highest since 2023) and should stay 
elevated into winter, with gas prices pushing inflation toward the European Central Bank’s (ECB) more adverse 
scenarios even as core inflation stays contained near 2.4%. Food price pressure is also in the pipeline. 
UK: The recent downside inflation surprise (favorable base effects and a lower regulated energy cap) is 
set to reverse. MIM expects U.K. inflation to peak near 3.5% by year-end. MIM has stepped back from 
expectations of Bank of England (BOE) hikes. The base case is now for the BOE to hold at 3.75% through 
2026. MIM views market pricing of multiple policy rate increases as too hawkish. However, there continues 
to be a near-term hike risk should Middle East tensions remain. Growth remains weaker than the prior two 
years, leaving a “stagflation-lite” scenario as the main risk until growth firms and inflation eases in 2027. All 
that said, we have revised our 10-year gilt forecast up to 5.2% from 4.95% previously given the broad-based 
re-pricing of global developed market bond yields.
Asia—China, Japan and the region
China: China’s economy remains distinctly two-tracked. On one track, an AI-driven industrial upswing 
continues to support growth. Strong gains in semiconductors, electronics, robotics and new-energy vehicle 
production are boosting exports and manufacturing activity. Investment is increasingly concentrated in 
technology, telecommunications and intellectual property-related sectors, reinforcing the resilience of the 
industrial and external sectors.
On the other track, domestic demand remains weak. Consumption has softened, investment momentum 
outside strategic sectors continues to deteriorate and persistent labor market and property sector pressures 
are weighing on household confidence and spending. The property downturn remains the largest drag on 
growth, while consumer demand has yet to meaningfully recover.
Recent GDP prints have fallen short of expectations. Inflation was temporarily higher due to higher oil prices, 
semiconductors and equities—which helped push the Q2 GDP deflator back into positive territory (+1.6% 
year over year) for the first time since Q1 2023. Despite the softer growth backdrop, MIM maintains the full-
year GDP forecast of 4.7% YoY. MIM expects Beijing to deliver additional targeted policy support rather than 
a large-scale stimulus package, with measures likely focused on employment, consumption and strategic 
investment. Ten-year government bonds have been trading in a tight range of 1.65%-1.8%. While USDCNY is 
expected to remain on a managed appreciation trend, it is trading close to MIM’s year-end target of 6.70. 
Meanwhile, the Middle East conflict presents manageable, though not insignificant, risks. China’s diversified 
crude oil import sources, substantial strategic reserves and limited direct exposure to supply disruptions 
should help cushion the impact. On trade, the ongoing U.S. Section 301 review could result in tariffs on 
Chinese goods that are higher than those imposed during the International Emergency Economic Powers 
Act (IEEPA) period. Meanwhile, EU–China trade tensions continue to rise. Both sides have agreed to a three-


[Page 4]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
4
month consultation period running through October, although such a short consultation window is unlikely 
to materially reduce the structural trade imbalance between the two economies. The most likely outcome is 
continued dialogue alongside a gradual intensification of EU trade-defense measures.
Asia: Strong AI-related demand and the gradual normalization of energy supply chains should continue to 
support Asia’s growth outlook. We expect Taiwan, Malaysia and Singapore to outperform regional peers 
while it remains cautious on Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand. Earnings growth has held up remarkably 
well in India, despite an oil shock. Moderation in oil prices would be supportive for inflation dynamics, 
although El Niño-related weather disruptions pose upside risks to food prices. Monetary policy trajectories 
are likely to remain uneven across the region.
LatAm: Latin America remains resilient, but uneven. Regional growth is expected to dip marginally in 2026 
versus 2025. Mexico, Colombia and Peru are expected to outperform while Brazil slows and Chile lags. 
Inflation is broadly stabilizing, but dispersion remains wide. Country-specific fiscal, supply and political 
factors now drive more differentiation than commodity exposure.
Monetary policy paths have begun to diverge: Brazil has begun easing while Chile and Mexico are on 
hold. The external backdrop remains adverse, with Middle East tensions, elevated global yields and a 
strengthening El Niño lifting energy, food, freight and financing risks. Key catalysts through year-end are 
Brazil’s election, El Niño’s impact on Andean supply chains and Panama Canal capacity, and any renewed 
energy-price increases. Overall, weak trend growth and insufficient primary balances continue to limit debt-
ratio improvement and keep sovereign-credit risks elevated.
Sovereigns still offer limited compensation
U.S. Treasuries (UST)
Market Strategy continues to expect the Federal Reserve to hike in September and potentially do one more 
hike by year-end given the weakness in housing, contained inflation expectations (despite elevated inflation) 
and the lack of a clear channel through which more hikes in the short end would limit any further yield 
increases in the long end of the yield curve. 
With inflation likely to ebb a bit into year-end and ongoing geopolitical concerns, Market Strategy expects 
10-year yields to end 2026 at 4.75%, on the edge of the “sweet spot” for yields that minimizes consumer 
savings/maximizes consumer spending. 
The position of yields makes Federal Reserve decision-making even more pivotal. Policy rate increases that 
shift the expected average short-term rate will only result in higher long-end rates, which will move those 
rates off of the previously noted “sweet spot” and increase downside risks related to the consumer and, 
through the consumer, the entire economy.
Market Strategy sees a risk that the policy rate increase out of the Federal Reserve proves 
counterproductive, inhibiting growth while doing nothing to reduce inflation pressures. This could result in 
additional hikes that are likely to have the same one-sided effects, further elevating the risk of recession.


[Page 5]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
5
German bunds
MIM has turned more hawkish on the ECB. After June’s hike and September’s follow-on hike to 2.50%, 
MIM expects one additional hike by year-end as energy-driven, higher-for-longer inflation keeps risks 
tilted toward rate increases. We do not rule out a further hike if Middle East tensions do not stabilize near 
term. Our current year-end 10-year Bund forecast of 3.50% remains in place but acknowledge the risk of 
overshoot given the current growth and inflationary backdrop.
Japanese government bonds
MIM has turned more hawkish on the ECB. After June’s hike and September’s follow-on hike to 2.50%, 
MIM expects one additional hike by year-end as energy-driven, higher-for-longer inflation keeps risks tilted 
toward rate increases. MIM does not rule out a further hike if Middle East tensions do not stabilize near-term. 
The current year-end 10-year Bund forecast of 3.50% remains in place, but MIM acknowledges the risk of 
overshoot given the current growth and inflationary backdrop.
Credit: Look for high-quality, not incremental spreads 
Macro credit overview
Current credit cycle conditions have improved from the last quarter, including high yield (HY) option-
adjusted spreads (OAS), the 3-month/10-year spread and corporate profits. In addition, Fed policy has 
remained accommodative. Senior Loan Officer Survey data from the Federal Reserve, U.S. default rates and 
debt growth have all worsened. 
U.S. IG and HY fundamentals from Capital IQ remain resilient, with second-quarter earnings per share having 
increased 33% (+28% ex-energy), a much stronger rate of growth than the first quarter and higher than the 
market expectation of a 22% increase. Expectations for full-year 2026 earnings have also been raised. The 
notable soft spot is the IG free-cash-flow-to-total-debt ratio, which has reversed four consecutive quarters 
of decline but remains below its long-term average. One troubling indicator is that the U.S. default rate has 
continued to rise after passing our 5% alert threshold. Moody’s expects U.S. speculative-grade defaults to 
continue a downward trend in 2026 and to fall to 2.3% from the current 5.2% rate over the next year.  
In terms of the rating migration outlook, Moody’s sees a higher rising-star probability in the highest 
segments and, overall, more upgrades than downgrades.
Spreads are compressing in IG, munis and especially in EM IG corporate bonds; those spreads went to an 
all-time low since data became available in 2002. Leveraged loans are more attractive compared to HY from 
a valuation perspective (Exhibit 2).


[Page 6]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
6
U.S. IG
IG spreads remain near all-time tights even with record supply ($1.487 trillion YTD), as strong demand 
continues to absorb the massive amounts of issuance coming to market. Coinciding with this, higher 
Treasury yields across the curve have also been a key factor driving yield-oriented demand. 
Geopolitical risk is back in focus with news surrounding the war between Iran and the United States 
dominating headlines. Continual flare-ups have impacted commodity prices and caused concern over 
supply chain logistics, which creates a trickle down on inputs and drives prices higher across commodities. 
Elsewhere, so-called hyperscaler issuance and the buildout of AI data centers and infrastructure are 
additional areas of focus. Over the summer months, several large deals came to market in the IG space, 
further inflating supply. We expect this trend to continue.
Valuations still appear rich relative to history and suggest the market may be susceptible to negative 
catalysts in the near term. It has become evident that U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh has a difficult 
situation ahead of him as we approach the FOMC meeting and the market prices in a hike this September. 
Despite this, underlying credit fundamentals have remained strong. We continue to favor a selective, 
defensive approach to portfolio construction with an emphasis on credit selection amid rich valuations and 
an unbalanced risk/reward profile.
European IG
European earnings growth remained resilient through the second quarter, with continued support from 
Financials and Energy, although performance across cyclical sectors remained mixed as investors balanced 
improving fundamentals against macro uncertainty. Credit spreads experienced periods of volatility 
Exhibit 2  |  Risky sectors spreads decompressed
LT Z-Score
Min
Max
Current OAS (bps)
LT average
Bloomberg, J.P. Morgan, Barclays, Credit Suisse as of August 31, 2026. Note: Z-score is a metric used to show how high or 
low the value is relative to the average using standard deviation as a unit. A Z-score of one indicates that the current value is
one standard deviation higher than the average value. 
-300
200
700
1200
1700
2200
-1.40
-1.20
-1.00
-0.80
-0.60
-0.40
-0.20
0.00
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
US High Grade Corporates (from 1994)
US High Grade Corporates ex Energ (from 1994) 
US High Grade Industrials (from 1994)
US High Grade Financials (from 1994)
US High Yield (from 1994)
US High Yield ex Energy (from 1994)
US Leveraged Loans (from 1994)
US Taxable Muni (from Sept 2003)
European HG Corporates (from 1999)
EM IG Sovereigns (from 2002)
EM HY Sovereigns (from 2002)
EM IG Corporates (from 2002)
EM HY Corporates (from 2002)


[Page 7]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
7
during the second quarter but generally remained near historically tight levels. While spread dispersion 
across rating buckets persisted, market technicals and strong demand for high-quality credit continued to 
support valuations. Second-quarter euro OAS spreads reversed most of the 19-basis-point (bp) widening 
seen during the first quarter, opening at 97 bps and closing at 80 bps. Euro IG primary issuance remained 
vigorous in the second quarter at €224 billion, supported by refinancing activity, strategic funding 
requirements and continued participation from hyperscalers. Supply was readily absorbed, underscoring 
the strength of investor demand despite a rich valuation backdrop. Ratings momentum remained broadly 
constructive, with balance sheet discipline, deleveraging efforts and stable operating performance 
continuing to underpin the credit quality of European IG issuers. The positive momentum remained strong 
across most euro IG sectors, with the benchmark upgrade/downgrade ratio at 4.6x for the second quarter.
Despite supportive fundamentals and strong technical conditions, European IG spreads remain near post-
Global Financial Crisis tights. Given ongoing geopolitical, fiscal and macroeconomic risks, MIM continues to 
favor adding exposure selectively in higher-quality issuers rather than pursuing incremental yield in lower-
rated credits. 
Investors continue to remain wary of adding in long duration, given the ongoing rates weakening, both in 
U.K. gilts and euro-denominated benchmarks. Overall, MIM remains cautious—underweight—on EU IG, 
preferring to add only in quality names rather than chase spread or yield at current levels. Even after taking 
into account the yield boost from swap euro to USD, MIM still expects EU IG to underperform.
U.S. HY
Overall, MIM remains constructive on the HY bond market and expects a carry-like return for the balance 
of the year. Elevated Treasury yields, higher oil prices and the conflict in the Middle East have introduced 
uncertainty and volatility into the markets. While the length of the war will have an impact on the global 
economy and financial markets, the HY asset class remains supported by a resilient U.S. economy, strong 
corporate earnings and stable credit fundamentals. The new issue market also remains healthy, with 
expectations for 2026 volume to exceed last year’s strong issuance. Increasing AI supply will continue to be 
a headwind for the credit markets as investors navigate this growing segment of the market. While spreads 
remain at or near all-time tights, overall yields remain at or above long-term averages, compensating 
investors given the supportive credit backdrop. Given rich valuations relative to loans, MIM remains neutral 
on U.S. HY.
Leveraged loans / bank loans
MIM maintains a preference for an up-in-quality approach within leveraged loans. A moderate, but resilient, 
economic backdrop, coupled with expectations that policy rates could be higher for longer than previously 
anticipated, should continue to support the asset class through strong floating-rate income. Elevated 
SOFR and a higher forward rate path enhance the carry profile of loans, even as spread compression 
limits further price appreciation. Loan market technicals remain favorable, driven by robust CLO demand, 
healthy capital market access and improving corporate confidence. While refinancing activity continues to 
dominate issuance, MIM expects M&A, sponsor-backed transactions and capital-raising activity to gradually 
increase as earnings growth improves and regulatory uncertainty eases. Given current valuations, strategists 
generally expect a carry-driven year for loans in 2026. As corporate activity accelerates and leverage 
appetite increases, MIM believes an up-in-quality approach remains the most prudent strategy, emphasizing 
issuers with durable cash flows, strong liquidity and manageable leverage profiles to participate in attractive 
income while limiting downside risk. On balance, MIM remains neutral on bank loans.


[Page 8]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
8
Municipals
Fixed-income markets remained resilient in the second quarter despite persistent inflation, geopolitical risk, 
elevated deficits and policy uncertainty. Higher absolute yields continued to attract demand and compress 
IG spreads. The Bloomberg Taxable Municipal Index yielded 5.12% at quarter-end—an 87th-percentile 
level over 10 years—while spreads stood near historic tights. Higher Treasury rates and tighter spreads 
have generally offset each other. MIM expects taxable municipal spreads to remain range-bound in the 
next quarter, supported by limited net issuance, attractive yields and sound credit fundamentals. With 
spreads near historic tights, interest rates—not spread compression—are likely to drive returns. In MIM’s 
view, inflation, Federal Reserve policy, heavy corporate issuance and geopolitical developments remain the 
principal sources of volatility.
Given limited compensation for liquidity, structural and lower-quality risk, MIM continues to favor larger, 
liquid issues with strong fundamentals, predictable cash flows and limited optionality. In tax-exempts, 
stretched valuations limit upside, although favorable summer technicals should contain downside. Absent 
a sharp rate move, opportunities for corporate-taxed institutional investors remain scarce. Overall, MIM 
remains neutral on municipals.
Emerging markets—sovereigns & corporates
EM assets have remained resilient, and the global capex cycle provides a further tailwind for parts of the 
universe.
Sovereign fundamentals are broadly stable to improving (Exhibit 3), underpinned by fiscal discipline, 
credible monetary policy, stronger external balances, reform momentum and engagement with multilateral 
institutions. These trends support market access and create potential for additional ratings upgrades and 
rising stars. EM corporate and financial balance sheets also remain sound: refinancing risk has declined, 
maturity profiles have lengthened, leverage is manageable, free cash flow remains supportive and bank 
capital is solid. Although earnings growth is moderating, measured capital spending and investment linked to 
global capex should benefit selected industries and commodity exporters.
Technicals remain constructive but more balanced after strong performance. Issuance has been readily 
absorbed, expected sovereign supply appears manageable and EM debt remains under-owned by many 
global investors. Despite tighter spreads, EM credit continues to offer attractive yields and relative value 
versus developed markets, including favorable spread per turn of leverage. MIM therefore remains focused 
on long-term fundamentals and selective risk-taking, recognizing that U.S. dollar strength and Treasury 
volatility may create near-term swings while carry, improving credit quality and limited net supply support 
the medium-term outlook.


[Page 9]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
9
Exhibit 3  |  Global emerging markets fundamentals
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
US
EM
LatAm
EMEA
Asia
US IG
EM IG
LatAm IG
EMEA IG
Asia IG
US HY
EM HY
LatAm HY
EMEA HY
Asia HY
Interest coverage (x)
Cash to ST debt (x)
Cash to total debt (%) - RHS
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
0
0.5
1
1.5
2
2.5
3
3.5
4
US
EM
LatAm
EMEA
Asia
US IG
EM IG
LatAm IG
EMEA IG
Asia IG
US HY
EM HY
LatAm HY
EMEA HY
Asia HY
Gross leverage (x)
Net leverage (x)
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
US
EM
LatAm
EMEA
Asia
US IG
EM IG
LatAm IG
EMEA IG
Asia IG
US HY
EM HY
LatAm HY
EMEA HY
Asia HY
Source: MetLife Investment Management (MIM). Latest available data from 12/31/2025.


[Page 10]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
10
Structured products: Favor the structure, not the spread
Asset-backed securities—flow & core
ABS: Asset-backed securities issuance remains exceptionally strong, with second-quarter volume equal to 
roughly 120% of the comparable 2025 level, supported by robust investor demand and putting the market 
on pace for record 2026 supply. Unsecured consumer issuance has also been active year to date, while 
digital infrastructure financing is also on the rise. Consumer spending remains resilient, but it is increasingly 
being funded at the expense of savings—the personal savings rate is moving back toward its 2022 lows 
at roughly 3.0%, compared with 2.2% at the trough. Against this backdrop, ABS supply is outpacing 2025 
and fundamentals are mixed: The consumer outlook is weakening, while commercial fundamentals remain 
neutral. Valuations are broadly neutral, warranting a selective, up-in-quality bias across both ratings and 
shelves. Portfolio emphasis should remain on large, established franchises with consistent growth and 
transactions backed by prime borrowers. Exposure should be limited in consumer sectors that depend 
heavily on discretionary spending, as well as in subordinated classes issued by weaker sponsors or newer 
platforms. Key areas to monitor include the accelerating data center supply pipeline and possible public 
pushback, rising delinquency trends among non-prime borrowers and broader affordability pressures that 
could weaken household credit performance. MIM remains underweight in the ABS sector.
Private asset-backed finance (ABF)
Private ABF remained in an expansion mode through the summer, but investors have grown more selective. 
The quality of the collateral, sponsors’ track records and the structure of each deal now matter far more 
than the broader market trend—and while capital continues to flow into private ABF, most of that demand is 
concentrated in sectors backed by hard, low-obsolescence (HALO) collateral. Consumer ABS remains  
the softest area from a credit standpoint, as the bifurcated, “K-shaped” economy weighs disproportionately 
on lower-income borrowers. MIM has therefore maintained a deliberately defensive posture, favoring 
stronger, repeat sponsors, higher-quality collateral and spread levels sufficient to absorb loss curves well 
in excess of base-case expectations. That stance mirrors the broader structured finance market, where 
demand has concentrated in senior tranches and appetite for subordinated risk has become almost entirely 
collateral-specific.
The same selectivity is playing out across the private mortgage and fund finance markets. Within private 
mortgage credit, we continue to see steady private RMBS issuance backed by non-agency collateral, along 
with a growing volume of CMBS migrating to the private market as commercial real estate works through a 
historic refinancing cycle—a dynamic that is opening meaningful origination opportunities. In fund finance, 
issuance remains robust as constrained exit markets lead GPs and LPs to pursue liquidity solutions rather than 
forced asset sales. Pricing remains tight across each of the private ABF subsectors in which we participate.
In summary, liquidity and investor demand remain deep. Risks appear to be increasingly concentrated in 
consumer credit, where subprime collateral is exhibiting the greatest stress. Recent high-profile originator 
failures have also introduced renewed caution around originator and warehouse risk. As disciplined 
participants, MIM remains focused on well-collateralized exposures and on originating collateral with sound 
structural protections and adequate advance-rate cushion, rather than reaching for incremental spread in 
the more richly valued, lightly covenanted corners of the market. In an environment of compressed pricing, 
MIM believes disciplined structure and collateral selection—not spread-chasing—will ultimately protect our 
returns. MIM remains neutral on private ABF.


[Page 11]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
11
CMBS: Commercial mortgage-backed securities issuance remained strong in the second quarter, at 115% of 
the comparable 2025 level, with full-year volume expected to reach a post-crisis high. Non-agency supply 
is running roughly 25% above 2025, and CMBS representation in the broader index is no longer declining, 
although it remains modest at approximately 1.4% versus a historical peak near 6%. Conduit exposure now 
accounts for less than 1% of the index. 
Despite the healthy issuance backdrop, credit stress persists, with the KBRA distress rate above 10% 
and delinquency pressure continuing across challenged properties. Multifamily stress is also increasing, 
although it remains more concentrated in agency product. Overall fundamentals are neutral, while valuations 
are neutral to negative, supporting a selective approach focused on junior AAA and AA tranches from high-
quality, new-vintage transactions, duration additions through agency CMBS and strong single-asset, single-
borrower deals. Exposure should be limited in subordinated tranches from selected conduit shelves and in 
transactions with sizable office or retail concentrations, where refinancing and property-level risks remain 
elevated. Key areas to monitor include further rating downgrades, sponsor decisions to relinquish properties 
rather than inject additional capital and servicer advances, which may signal increasing pressure on troubled 
loans and influence the timing and severity of realized losses. Overall, MIM remains underweight in CMBS.
CLO: Collateralized loan obligation activity remained healthy in the second quarter, with new issuance equal 
to approximately 89%  of the comparable 2025 level, alongside middle-market issuance. Refinancing and 
reset volume also increased sharply from the first quarter. Underlying transaction metrics remain sound. 
However, declining weighted-average spreads remain a concern for equity distributions. The NAIC has 
finalized its methodology, introducing a 4% threshold and bringing middle-market CLOs, CBOs and CDOs 
within the broader CLO framework. From a relative value perspective, AAA CLOs continue to offer the 
highest spread-to-RBC ratio among floating-rate investments, while A2-rated tranches remain an area of 
particular opportunity. Overall supply is trailing 2025 despite the second-quarter pickup in refinancings 
and resets, and both fundamentals and valuations are neutral. Portfolio emphasis should remain on top-
tier managers in middle-market CLOs, longer non-call structures in new issues and discounted secondary 
market tranches. Exposure should be limited to newer, less-liquid platforms and deals with outsized software 
sector concentrations. Key areas to monitor include ETF-related flows, the approaching software maturity 
wall and the potential impact of the NAIC framework on BBB and BB spreads. Overall, MIM believes that the 
CLO sector will offer comparable returns.
MBS
Agency RMBS: Agency mortgage-backed securities supply is broadly tracking 2025 levels, although net 
issuance picked up during the second quarter. Persistently high mortgage rates continue to constrain 
housing affordability, refinancing activity (Exhibit 4) and borrower mobility, even as home price appreciation 
remains positive. Against this backdrop, agency RMBS fundamentals and valuations are positive, supporting 
an emphasis on seasoned collateral across the coupon stack, lower-pay-up stories that are less exposed to 
elevated dollar-roll volatility and deep-discount, last-cash-flow CMOs. Exposure should be limited to higher-
pay-up pools backed by new production, GNMA collateral and lower-capped floaters, where extension and 
structural risks may be less favorably compensated. Key areas to monitor include extension risk in newer 
vintages, refinancing activity and housing turnover trends, all of which will influence prepayment behavior, 
duration and relative-value opportunities across the sector. MIM upgraded the agency RMBS sector from 
underweight to neutral.


[Page 12]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
12
Non-agency RMBS: Non-agency issuance remained robust in the second quarter at approximately 146% of 
the comparable 2025 level and roughly 50% above last year. Non-qualified mortgage issuance is running at 
about twice the 2025 pace, while closed-end, second-lien supply is expanding rapidly year to date. Periodic 
supply surges have pressured AAA spreads, but underlying credit performance remains exceptionally 
strong and has helped keep credit spreads tight. Fundamentals and valuations are therefore neutral, favoring 
selective exposure to agency-eligible and investor senior mezzanine tranches, opportunistic positions in 
non-QM and jumbo subordinate bonds and closed-end second-lien transactions. Exposure should be limited 
in structures with barbelled prime and non-QM collateral, non-QM pools containing elevated jumbo-loan 
concentrations and HELOC or home-equity investment products. Key areas to monitor include rising net 
supply in both non-QM and prime sectors and geographic concentrations in regions exposed to natural 
disasters, which could challenge collateral performance and technical conditions. Overall, MIM remains 
neutral in non-agency RMBS and inclining to overweights if not for the compressed spreads.
Residential whole loans
Residential whole loan markets continue to stay steady with ever-increasing demand for the assets, along 
with support from stable housing fundamentals. The demand is growing, given the control investors have 
over the investment, which allows investors to navigate any regional softness in housing or specific loan 
markets. Delinquencies remain low, with borrowers protecting a stable equity position in their properties. 
Despite higher lending rates, supply in non-agency loans continues to grow, and MIM sees sufficient supply 
relative to demand.
Spreads for residential whole loans and single-family rental debt financing continue to offer strong relative 
value versus public residential credit opportunities, with loss-adjusted spreads in the high 100s on a blended 
basis. MIM remains overweight on residential whole loans.
Exhibit 4  |  Total mortgage refinance rate
Source: Bloomberg. As of 08/31/2026.
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
6/1/15
10/1/15
2/1/16
6/1/16
10/1/16
2/1/17
6/1/17
10/1/17
2/1/18
6/1/18
10/1/18
2/1/19
6/1/19
10/1/19
2/1/20
6/1/20
10/1/20
2/1/21
6/1/21
10/1/21
2/1/22
6/1/22
10/1/22
2/1/23
6/1/23
10/1/23
2/1/24
6/1/24
10/1/24
2/1/25
6/1/25
10/1/25
2/1/26
6/1/26
BBG Refinance Index
3y moving average


[Page 13]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
13
Commercial real estate and CML continue their recovery
Commercial mortgages (CML)  |  Real estate equity
Real estate loans: There has not been much change to commercial real estate (CRE) fundamentals. The 
2021–2024 inflation surge raised development and financing costs, and construction starts have fallen 
sharply across most CRE sectors, reducing future supply growth and supporting occupancy, rent growth 
and values. Office remains the weakest property type but continues to recover, with Q2 2026 vacancy down 
20 bps quarter over quarter (QoQ) to 18.4%, while retail (6.8%) and industrial (9.2%) vacancies remain near 
stable levels. Valuations also are similar to last quarter: Little has changed in the more liquid segments of the 
CML universe, though stronger relative value is available further down the capital structure in mezzanine 
debt and preferred equity. Technicals remain relatively attractive as debt capital markets remain strong 
and new originations continue to tick up—according to the American Council of Life Insurers, life insurance 
companies originated $17.2 billion of commercial mortgages in Q2 2026, a 1% increase over Q2 2025 and 
the highest quarterly volume since 1Q22.1
Real estate equity: Fundamentals have begun moderating in sectors such as apartments and industrial, 
while office occupancy has bottomed and is now moving upward. Apartment vacancy fell to 8.1%, still 
above the 6.9% historical average, but sharply lower construction starts should limit 2026–2027 deliveries 
and support recovery. Industrial vacancy edged down to 9.2% on a shrinking pipeline, retail held flat at 
6.8% near historic lows and hotel RevPAR grew 1.8% YoY, with occupancy at its highest level since Q2 
2024. Valuations are fair; unlevered equity discount rates have been slow to adjust to rising bond yields, 
but measured against Baa corporate yields plus 200 bps, we believe real estate equity is fairly priced. 
Technicals improved from the last quarter as transaction volume improves from low levels: 2025 volume 
was 27% above 2024, volumes through the first seven months of 2026 are 33.6% higher than 2025 and 
MIM expects full-year 2026 to finish roughly 30% above 2025. Overall, MIM rates both real estate loans and 
equity as neutral. 
Agricultural mortgages
MIM remains overweight on agricultural mortgages, which offer attractive carry and valuable portfolio 
diversification against a backdrop of stabilizing fundamentals. Valuations and technicals are all similar to 
last quarter. The U.S. Department of Agriculture projects 2026 net farm income of $158 billion, a $4.2 billion 
decline from 2025 but still 29% above the 40-year inflation-adjusted average. Annual crop prices sit at 
three-year highs, and OBBBA-enhanced government payments of more than $45 billion will support grower 
incomes, though elevated input costs continue to pressure margins. Livestock profitability remains favorable 
on historically strong cattle pricing, and tree nuts have returned to profitability, while wine grapes and Pacific 
Northwest tree fruits lag. Agribusiness margins are near historical averages as a three-year destocking cycle 
ends, and timberland values keep rising on long-term housing demand. MIM’s 12-month rolling agricultural 
spread is 15 bps tighter YoY and roughly 12 bps below its 10-year average, with spreads on new production 
above 200 bps, unchanged from last quarter. Farmland appreciation slowed to 3.3% YoY, and Farm Credit 
System delinquencies edged up to 1.03% in Q2 2026, while agricultural mortgage volume growth continues 
to rebound and should keep expanding as credit demand recovers.


[Page 14]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS 14
Equities: downside risk lingering
Corporate equity / S&P 500
We expect the S&P 500 to remain rangebound over the next quarter, with downside risks outweighing upside 
potential. The Federal Reserve’s path is unusually uncertain: Persistent inflation could extend restrictive 
policy, while softer growth or labor data could still revive the case for easing. Middle East developments add 
another unpredictable risk, as the duration, scope and market impact of any escalation—particularly through 
energy prices, supply chains and risk sentiment—remain difficult to assess. Strong earnings provide some 
support: Second-quarter S&P 500 EPS rose 33% YoY, above the 22% estimate, lifting full-year expectations 
to about 28%. However, elevated forward valuations limit further multiple expansion and increase sensitivity 
to earnings downgrades or macroeconomic disappointment. Because AI investment now materially supports 
both earnings and household wealth, weaker-than-expected AI capital spending remains a key tail risk. MIM 
maintains a neutral equity view.
Private equity remains cautiously selective
U.S. buyout activity totaled $157 billion in 1H26, down 22% YoY, driven principally by software, where 
dollar activity fell 76% amid AI-disruption uncertainty, while financing stayed available for durable, cash-
generative businesses such as AI infrastructure, energy and financial services. Europe was more resilient, 
with deal value up 6.9% QoQ, and Asia was roughly flat at $52.9 billion. Exits improved, with global PE-
backed exit value of $450 billion in 1H26, up 16% YoY on 1,348 transactions, led in Europe by 22 mega-exits 
and in Asia by $16.3 billion of trade sales. Yet, distributions remained below average at a 14.3% annualized 
yield versus 18.9% in 2025. Venture investment set a first-half record but was concentrated in AI, which 
represented more than 86% of deal value on roughly 43% of deal count. Valuations moderated as U.S. 
buyout multiples fell to about 10.5x EBITDA, the lowest since 2023, while the public market premium widened 
to roughly 68% against a 10-year average of 37% and direct lending priced at 450-550 bps. Fundraising 
reached approximately $323 billion, up 9% YoY, though buyout fundraising fell 7% to $148 billion and capital 
concentrated in managers raising more than $5 billion, who captured nearly 70% of buyout commitments. 
Overall, markets remain resilient but selective: improving exits and stable public markets are offset by 
inflation, geopolitical uncertainty, software disruption and constrained liquidity, so MIM maintains a neutral 
near-term outlook and continues to deploy selectively with experienced managers.
Foreign exchange: a regime rotating back toward fundamentals
USD: The U.S. dollar faced pressure last month as a combination of softer U.S. data (Exhibit 5), uncertainty 
around the Fed’s policy framework and renewed de-dollarization narratives drove a broad-based decline. 
However, recent commentary from Chairman Warsh and rising U.S. real yields have highlighted the 
potential for cyclical factors to reassert themselves, particularly if labor market and inflation data surprise 
to the upside. The FX regime now appears increasingly bifurcated between traditional macro drivers, such 
as rate differentials and growth momentum, and structural concerns surrounding fiscal credibility and 
reserve diversification. For EM currencies, the implications are nuanced. Asian surplus currencies remain 
well positioned to benefit from renewed diversification flows, while high-carry EM currencies continue 
to draw support from favorable yield dynamics. Going forward, USD direction is likely to remain regime 
dependent. A rebound would be supported by stronger U.S. macro data and a hawkish Fed repricing, while 
further downside would require renewed momentum in de-dollarization themes and a continued erosion of 
confidence in U.S. policy credibility.


[Page 15]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
15
Asia: The outlook for Asian FX remains mixed, with JPY likely to remain the key driver within the region’s 
developed markets universe. Currency performance is increasingly being shaped by global rate differentials 
and evolving central bank policy, particularly as the BOJ continues its gradual normalization path. While 
higher energy prices remain a headwind for Japan through the import channel, narrowing yield differentials, 
threat of joint interventions and Japan’s strong external position should provide support for the JPY over the 
short term. Elsewhere in Asia, surplus currencies such as the RMB, KRW, TWD, MYR and SGD continue to 
benefit from resilient external balances and structural FX inflows. Overall, Asian FX should remain supported 
on a selective basis, although currencies exposed to higher import costs and weaker current account 
dynamics may continue to lag their regional peers.
Europe: European FX entered the quarter with relatively stable fundamentals, but performance has 
increasingly been driven by external developments rather than domestic monetary policy. Broad USD 
weakness and ongoing questions around U.S. policy credibility brought the euro back into focus as the 
market’s preferred alternative to the dollar, helping support the currency despite a mixed regional growth 
backdrop. Meanwhile, geopolitical risks surrounding the Russia-Ukraine conflict continued to weigh on 
Central and Eastern European currencies, particularly HUF, PLN and CZK. Going forward, relative monetary 
policy expectations between the Fed and ECB, alongside broader USD sentiment, are likely to remain the 
primary drivers of regional currency performance, with regional geopolitical developments serving as an 
important source of dispersion across the broader European currency complex.
LatAm: The outlook for Latin American FX remains broadly constructive, supported by attractive carry, 
favorable terms of trade and continued investor demand for high-yielding currencies. However, performance 
across the region is becoming increasingly differentiated as domestic political and policy developments 
take on greater importance. While currencies such as the MXN and PEN continue to benefit from supportive 
macro fundamentals, strong external accounts and capital inflows, BRL faces rising election-related 
uncertainty and volatility despite its carry advantage. More broadly, regional currencies should remain 
relatively resilient to shifts in global risk sentiment and commodity prices, and strong carry dynamics should 
continue to provide an important source of support. Overall, LatAm FX is likely to remain one of the more 
resilient areas within EM, although country-specific risks are expected to drive increasing dispersion in 
returns across the region.
Exhibit 5  |  Economic Surprise Index
US Econ Surprise Index
EU Econ Surprise Index
China Econ Surprise Index
Source: Bloomberg. As of 08/31/2026.
-6
-5
-4
-3
-2
-1
0
1
2
3
6/1/06
6/1/07
6/1/08
6/1/09
6/1/10
6/1/11
6/1/12
6/1/13
6/1/14
6/1/15
6/1/16
6/1/17
6/1/18
6/1/19
6/1/20
6/1/21
6/1/22
6/1/23
6/1/24
6/1/25
6/1/26


[Page 16]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
16
Cash
MIM expects the Fed to increase rates slightly in 2026. We remain underweight cash, redeploying toward the 
high-quality spread sectors highlighted above while preserving sufficient liquidity for resilience.
Contributors
David Richter
Sr. Director,
EU & Japan Economy
Samsara Wang
Vice President, 
Asia (ex Japan) Economy
Jose del Rosal
Director, 
LatAm Economy
Jean-Luc Eberlin
Managing Director, 
Euro Investment Grade
Pierre-Pascal Lalonde
Managing Director, 
Municipals 
Michael Brown
Managing Director, 
Public Structured Finance
Alfred Chang
Managing Director,
Residential Whole Loan
Priya Desai
Managing Director, 
Private Structured Finance
Sara Strauch
Director, 
EM Corporate & Sovereign
David Williams
Sr.Director, 
Agricultural Research
Agata Praczuk
Director, 
Private Equity 
Jacob Kurosaki
Associate,
Real Estate Research
Carrie Biemer
Senior Director, 
Rates & Currencies
Anthony Pollaro
Analyst,
Public Fixed Income HY
Owen Barlow
Analyst,
Public Fixed Income IG
Endnote
1	 Source: ACLI Investment Bulletin as of August 25, 2026


[Page 17]
© 2026 MetLife Services and Solutions, LLC
Disclosures
Readership: This document is intended solely for the addressee(s) and may not be redistributed without the prior permission of MIM. Its 
content may be confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information. MIM and its subsidiaries are not responsible for any unlawful 
distribution of this document to any third parties, in whole or in part. 
Risk of loss. Your capital is at risk. Investing in the strategies discussed herein are subject to various risks which must be considered prior to 
investing. All investments are subject to regional, industry, market, political, regulatory, competitive, business, financial, and other risks. For  
a more complete list please contact your sales representative. Investment in the strategy described herein is speculative and there can be  
no assurance that the strategy’s investment objectives will be achieved. Investors must be prepared to bear the risk of a total loss of  
their investment. 
Unless otherwise specified, the information and opinions presented or contained in this document are provided as of the date noted herein. 
It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect the information contained in this document materially, and MIM shall not 
have any obligation to update, revise, nor affirm. It is not MIM’s intention to provide, and you may not rely on this document as providing, 
a complete or comprehensive analysis of MIM’s investment portfolio, investment strategies, nor investment recommendations. You should 
consult your independent advisors in determining whether such investment or advisory service is appropriate for you in light of your particular 
circumstances and relevant legal requirements. You may not rely on this document as the basis upon which to make an investment decision. 
Past performance is not indicative of future results. There can be no assurance that any investment objective will be met. No investment 
strategy or risk management technique can guarantee returns or eliminate risk in any market environment. No representation is being made 
that any investment will or is likely to achieve profits or losses or that significant losses will be avoided. There can be no assurance that 
investments similar to those described in this document will be available in the future and no representation is made that future investments 
managed by MIM will have similar returns to those presented herein. Unless otherwise noted, all information herein has been presented in U.S. 
dollars. Actual returns may increase or decrease due to currency fluctuations. MIM often uses benchmarks for the purpose of comparison 
of results. Benchmarks are used for illustrative purposes only, and any such references should not be understood to mean there would 
necessarily be a correlation between investment returns of any investment and any benchmark. 
Any referenced benchmark does not reflect fees and expenses associated with the active management of an investment. MIM may, from time 
to time, show the efficacy of its strategies or communicate general industry views via modeling. Such methods are intended to show only an 
expected range of possible investment outcomes, and should not be viewed as a guide to future performance. There is no assurance that any 
returns can be achieved, that the strategy will be successful or profitable for any investor, or that any industry views will come to pass. Actual 
investors may experience different results. Information is unaudited unless otherwise indicated, and any information from third-party sources is 
believed to be reliable, but MIM cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness. All information is sourced from MIM unless otherwise noted. 
The securities and any other products or services referenced in this document may not be licensed in all jurisdictions, and unless otherwise 
indicated, no regulator or government authority has reviewed this document, or the merits of the products and services referenced herein. This 
document and the information contained herein has been made available in accordance with the restrictions and/or limitations implemented by 
any applicable laws and regulations. This document is directed at and intended for institutional and qualified investors (as such term is defined 
in each jurisdiction in which the security is marketed). Before acting on any information in this document, prospective investors should inform 
themselves of and observe all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any relevant jurisdictions and obtain independent advice if required.
Where applicable, the Manager may determine to terminate any arrangements made for marketing the Shares in one or more jurisdictions in 
accordance with the AIFM Directive and UCITS Directive respectively, as may be amended from time to time. Investors and potential investors 
can obtain a summary of investor rights and information on access to collective redress mechanisms at www.metlife.com/investments/global/
regulatory-disclosures/investor-rights/.
Last updated 31 July 2026. For additional legal and regulatory disclosures including other cross border information, please refer to www.
metlife.com/investments/global/regulatory-disclosures/global-disclosure-statement/. 
09-28 5923041
