[Page 1]
For global professional / qualified / 
institutional clients and investors
UBS Asset Management 
September 2026
Macro 
Quarterly
Insights on market dynamics 
and investment themes
Q4 2026


[Page 2]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
2
Bonds:
Normal for Longer
1.	 Current bond yields appear high relative to the decade 
following the Global Financial Crisis, but are much closer to 
historical norms.
2.	 Strong nominal growth, rather than fiscal concerns, has 
been the primary force keeping yields elevated.
3.	 Healthy household and corporate balance sheets have 
allowed the economy to absorb energy shocks, tighter 
monetary policy and trade disruptions without a 
meaningful retrenchment in spending.
4.	 Positive stock-bond correlations are not unusual in an 
environment where inflation remains above 3%, but bonds 
should remain an effective hedge against growth shocks.
5.	 While we still prefer equities to fixed income, the selloff in 
duration has made government bonds more attractive. We 
favor adding sovereign duration on dips, particularly in 
markets outside the United States.
Author:
Evan Brown
Head of Global Multi-Asset Portfolio Management, 
Americas & APAC


[Page 3]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
3
One of the most common phrases in 
markets over the past three years has been 
"higher for longer." The phrase implies 
that today's bond yields are unusually 
elevated. We think this framing misses a 
more important point. The truly unusual 
period was the decade-plus after the 
Global Financial Crisis (GFC), when 
mediocre growth, private-sector 
deleveraging, quantitative easing, zero 
interest rates and persistent inflation 
shortfalls pushed both policy rates and 
bond yields to exceptionally depressed 
levels. Today's yields look unusual only 
because investors became anchored to an 
abnormal starting point.
The same can be said for several other relationships that 
investors have come to view as normal. Inflation has proven 
more persistent, stock-bond correlations have become more 
positive and the economy has remained resilient despite 
borrowing costs that many investors expected would prove 
restrictive. If the post-GFC world was defined by weak 
growth, deleveraging and persistent disinflation, today's 
environment is characterized by stronger nominal growth, 
healthier balance sheets and higher investment demand. 
That helps explain why yields have returned to levels that 
look much more normal historically. This broader 
normalization process is making the current environment 
look increasingly different from the post-GFC period and, in 
some respects, more similar to earlier economic cycles.
Strong nominal growth
is the key
The most important macro development this year has not 
been the rise in bond yields. It has been the resilience of 
growth.
Following the outbreak of the Iran conflict, many investors 
expected an oil shock that would simultaneously lift 
inflation and weaken growth. Inflation did move higher. 
Growth, however, did not slow as expected.
Instead, economic activity strengthened. Consumption has 
been robust, AI capex boomed, manufacturing activity 
improved and earnings expectations moved higher.
The Atlanta Fed is currently tracking third-quarter GDP 
growth at 5%. Viewed through this lens, the coexistence of 
higher equity markets and higher bond yields is far less 
surprising. Both are responding to an economy that 
continues to grow faster than expected alongside inflation 
that remains above target. In short, many investors 
predicted stagflation; instead, we got reflation. 
Exhibit 1: US 10-year Treasury yields are just above 
their long-term average.
Source: UBS Asset Management, Shiller. Data as of September 2026.
Exhibit 2: 10-year Treasury yields generally move 
with nominal GDP growth
Source: UBS Asset Management, Macrobond. Data as of September 2026.


[Page 4]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
4
A major reason growth has remained resilient is that 
households and businesses entered this period in unusually 
strong financial condition. The post-GFC period was 
characterized not only by unusually low interest rates, but 
also by a prolonged period of private-sector deleveraging. 
Households repaired balance sheets, corporations reduced 
leverage and credit growth remained subdued. While this 
process suppressed growth during much of the 2010s, it 
also left the private sector unusually resilient entering the 
current decade. 
This resilience helps explain why markets have repeatedly 
underestimated growth. The economy absorbed the 
sharpest global tightening cycle in decades. It absorbed the 
energy shocks associated with both the Russia-Ukraine and 
Iran conflicts. It absorbed rising tariffs and growing trade 
restrictions. Each time, expectations for a sustained 
retrenchment in spending proved too pessimistic. 
Consumers continued spending, businesses continued 
investing and growth consistently slowed less than 
expected. Strong private-sector balance sheets are a major 
reason why.
Exhibit 3: Household and corporate leverage are at 
multi-decade lows
Source: UBS Asset Management, US Federal Reserve. Data as of September 2026
Not just a fiscal story
Fiscal concerns have become a frequent explanation for this 
year's rise in bond yields. Yet that explanation struggles to 
explain why yields have risen across most developed 
markets, and in many cases by more than in the United 
States.
Bond investors are reassessing more than fiscal trajectories. 
They are reassessing the outlook for growth, inflation and 
policy rates. Indeed, most of the increase in long-term 
yields across regions can be explained by higher policy-rate 
expectations, suggesting growth and inflation remain the 
more important story. Fiscal concerns may be contributing 
at the margin, but the broader message from bond markets 
is that economies continue to demonstrate an ability to 
absorb higher rates. Markets are increasingly being forced 
to price an environment in which growth remains resilient 
and policy rates stay higher than previously expected.
Exhibit 4: Decomposition of the YTD change in 10-
year government bond yields across major developed 
markets
Source: UBS Asset Management. Bloomberg. Data as of 22 September 2026


[Page 5]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
5
Elevated inflation,
elevated correlations
The normalization story extends beyond interest rates.
Many investors have been surprised by the return of 
positive stock-bond correlations. Historically, however, 
positive correlations were common. Prior to the late 1990s, 
inflation was more variable and inflation surprises 
frequently pushed equities and bonds in the same 
direction. The strongly negative stock-bond correlation that 
investors became accustomed to over the following two 
decades reflected a period in which inflation remained 
firmly anchored around 2%.
Today's environment looks different. Inflation is not running 
at the extremes experienced in 2022, but neither has it 
consistently returned to target. Our research shows that 
stock-bond correlations have historically become positive 
once inflation moves above roughly 3%. A return to 
negative or at least near-zero stock-bond correlations will 
depend on central bankers’ ability to get inflation closer to 
their 2% targets.
We think ultimately they will be successful, and recent 
policy tightening displays a commitment to doing so. But 
either way, this does not mean bonds have lost their 
diversification benefits. The key distinction is between 
inflation shocks and growth shocks. Bonds will continue to 
face pressure during inflation surprises, but they should 
continue to perform their traditional role when growth 
expectations deteriorate. If markets were forced to reassess 
the outlook for AI investment, consumption or broader 
economic activity, lower yields would likely accompany that 
adjustment.
Exhibit 5: Stock-bond correlation across inflation 
regimes
Source: UBS Investment Bank, Bloomberg. Data as of September 2026.


[Page 6]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
6
Asset allocation implications
The implications for investors are not to abandon bonds, 
but to be more precise about the risks they are intended to 
hedge.
If growth disappoints, duration should provide protection. 
Higher starting yields provide a much better cushion than 
investors enjoyed during the post-GFC period, and we favor 
adding duration on dips, particularly in markets where 
growth risks are greater and substantial tightening is 
already priced.
If inflation proves stickier than expected, other diversifiers 
become increasingly important. Commodities and gold 
have historically performed well during inflation surprises 
and we think they deserve a more structural role within 
diversified portfolios.
We therefore continue to prefer equities to fixed income, 
but see greater value in government bonds than at any 
point in much of the past decade. A world characterized by 
more persistent inflation and more frequent supply shocks 
also argues for a greater role for tactical asset allocation, as 
markets alternate between worrying about growth and 
worrying about inflation. 
The prevailing narrative may be that bond yields are "higher 
for longer." We would frame it differently. What investors 
are experiencing is not simply a world of higher rates, but a 
return to more historically normal macroeconomic 
conditions. Growth has been stronger, inflation stickier and 
private-sector balance sheets healthier than many 
expected. Viewed through that lens, higher yields, more 
positive stock-bond correlations and resilient risk assets are 
not separate puzzles. They are all symptoms of the same 
reality: the post-GFC era was the exception, not the rule.


[Page 7]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
7
Asset class views
The chart below shows the views of our Asset Allocation team on overall asset class attractiveness for global equities, rates 
and credit as of 23 September 2026. The rest of the ratings pertain to the relative attractiveness of certain regions within the 
asset classes of equities, bonds, credit and currencies. Because the Asset Class Views table does not include all asset classes, 
the net overall signal may be somewhat negative or positive.
Asset Class
Relative weight
UBS Asset Management's viewpoint
Global equities
Overweight 
We remain overweight global equities, supported by strong earnings and still robust nominal GDP 
growth. We prefer emerging markets and Japan vs. Europe and Switzerland.
US
Neutral
Earnings should remain strong in the US as the fundamental backdrop is solid with nominal GDP 
elevated. Earnings growth has been broadening out even as the tech sector continues to lead.
Europe
Underweight 
We are underweight European equities, as earnings growth remains weaker than in other regions 
and elevated natural gas prices are a concern. Still, we like European banks, which should benefit 
from strong earnings and elevated rates.
Japan
Overweight 
Japanese equities screen well on EPS revisions, supported by stronger economic surprises and 
improving activity data. The TOPIX index provides exposure to broader cyclicals beyond just AI, 
offering diversification from the U.S. and EM.
Emerging markets
Overweight
We are overweight EM equities as earnings are strong across most regions. The MSCI EM index is 
heavily weighted toward North Asian tech giants, which benefit from the ongoing AI capex cycle.
Global government 
bonds
Overweight
We favor buying global duration on dips. We prefer duration in the UK and Australia, where a 
weaker labor market and housing market, respectively, suggest growth is vulnerable.
US Treasuries
Neutral
The rates market is pricing a total tightening cycle of close to 5 hikes, which may not materialize if 
inflation moves lower. Still, given the broadly strong US economy, we prefer adding duration in the 
UK and Australia where there is less robust activity.
Bunds
Neutral
The market is pricing significant tightening from the ECB as inflation remains marginally above 
target and economic growth has started to recover despite the recent increase in energy inflation. 
Tight labor markets are keeping wage growth elevated.
Gilts 
Overweight 
We remain overweight gilts as we find valuations attractive. Restrictive policy is being priced in for 
the BoE, which should keep growth constrained and put a ceiling on 10-year yields.
JGBs
Neutral
We are neutral on Japanese government bonds. Although the BoJ is likely to raise interest rates 
further, the market is already priced for further rate normalization and the carry costs of shorting 
JGBs are elevated due to the steepness of the JGB curve.
Swiss
Neutral
We are neutral on Swiss bonds. While the domestic economy remains lackluster, valuations are 
expensive on a relative basis.
Global credit
Neutral
Credit remains supported by strong earnings, rating upgrades, improving lending sentiment and 
strong ETF inflows. However, tight valuations limit upside, while rising issuance—particularly AI-
related supply in IG—may affect spreads at the sub-sector level.
Investment grade credit
Neutral
IG fundamentals and technicals remain robust, but heavy supply from hyperscalers is likely to 
prevent spreads from narrowing further.
High yield credit
Neutral
We expect spreads to remain tight and volatility to stay low, consistent with mid-cycle dynamics. 
While default rates may rise modestly, overall fundamentals look healthy. Meanwhile, attractive all-
in yields continue to support inflows.
EM debt hard currency 
Neutral
We are neutral on EMD in hard currency but overweight local currency, where selective carry 
remains attractive. We remain attentive to the reaction function of EM central banks as they face 
inflation spillovers from the Iran conflict.
FX
N/A1
N/A1
USD
Neutral
We are neutral on the USD as the strong US economy has been increasingly complemented by 
recoveries in other parts of the world (Japan, Europe, East Asia). Our positive global growth and 
equity market outlook puts downward pressure on the currency.
EUR
Neutral
We are currently neutral on the EUR as the recent signs of economic recovery in the region are 
threatened by the renewed increase in energy prices.
JPY
Neutral
Both US and Japanese administrations seem keen to support the currency, and the BoJ continues to 
tighten. Still, a meaningful turn in the JPY will require local investors to allocate more capital 
domestically.
CHF
Underweight
Low yields and an expensive valuation make CHF an attractive funder, especially as the SNB looks to 
prevent disorderly appreciation.
EM FX
Overweight 
We favor high-carry EM currencies, including ZAR, which offer high real interest rates amid a 
globally conducive backdrop of strong manufacturing growth, positive risk sentiment and rising 
commodity prices.
Commodities
Neutral
We are overweight gold as central banks are back as strong buyers, led by China, while gold has 
generally weathered the headwind from higher real yields. We see Brent oil in an USD 80 to
USD 120 range as the US-Iran conflict persists.
Source: UBS Asset Management Investment Solutions Macro Asset Allocation Strategy team. The views expressed are general guide to the views of UBS Asset Management as of 
23 September 2026. Views are provided on the basis of a 3-12 month investment horizon, are not necessarily reflective of actual portfolio positioning, and are subject to change. 
1   N/A (consistency) was added for accessibility purposes. For FX, our view is shown according to its respective currencies (USD, EUR, JPY, CHF and EM FX).


[Page 8]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
8
For global professional / qualified /institutional clients and 
investors. 
This document does not replace portfolio and fund-specific materials. 
Commentary is at a macro or strategy level and is not with reference 
to any registered or other mutual funds.
Americas 
The views expressed are a general guide to the views of UBS Asset 
Management as of September 2026. The information contained 
herein should not be considered a recommendation to purchase or 
sell securities or any particular strategy or fund. Commentary is at a 
macro level and is not with reference to any investment strategy, 
product or fund offered by UBS Asset Management. The information 
contained herein does not constitute investment research, has not 
been prepared in line with the requirements of any jurisdiction 
designed to promote the independence of investment research and is 
not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination 
of investment research. The information and opinions contained in 
this document have been compiled or arrived at based upon 
information obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good 
faith. All such information and opinions are subject to change without 
notice. Care has been taken to ensure its accuracy but no 
responsibility is accepted for any errors or omissions herein. A number 
of the comments in this document are based on current expectations 
and are considered “forward-looking statements.” Actual future 
results, however, may prove to be different from expectations. The 
opinions expressed are a reflection of UBS Asset Management’s best 
judgment at the time this document was compiled, and any obligation 
to update or alter forward-looking statements as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise is disclaimed. Furthermore, 
these views are not intended to predict or guarantee the future 
performance of any individual security, asset class or market generally, 
nor are they intended to predict the future performance of any UBS 
Asset Management account, portfolio or fund.
Canada 
For Permitted Clients Only. Services to Canadian persons for any 
strategy herein are provided by UBS Asset Management (Canada) Inc., 
a Nova Scotia corporation and a member of the UBS Asset 
Management business division of UBS AG, a publicly traded Swiss 
bank (NYSE: UBS). UBS Asset Management (Canada) Inc. is an indirect 
wholly-owned subsidiary of UBS AG and is registered as a portfolio 
manager (in all provinces of Canada), exempt market dealer (in all 
provinces of Canada and Yukon), commodity trading manager 
(Ontario), adviser – commodity futures (Manitoba) and investment 
fund manager (Ontario, Quebec and Newfoundland), all pursuant to 
Canadian securities law. This document can be distributed in Canada 
to Accredited Investors who qualify as Permitted Clients only. Any 
investment or fund referred to in this document may be a connected 
or related issuer of UBS Asset Management (Canada) Inc. in 
connection with a distribution of the investment or fund to investors 
in Canada. The information contained herein, while obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable, is not guaranteed as to its 
accuracy or completeness and confers no right to potential 
purchasers. This document has been prepared solely for 
informational purposes by or for UBS Asset Management 
(Canada) Inc. and its affiliates. This information is being 
provided for discussion purposes only and is superseded in its 
entirety by any applicable private placement memorandum 
and associated limited partnership agreement or 
organizational documentation (collectively “Offering 
Documentation"). Investors should carefully review applicable 
Offering Documentation prior to investing as information 
contained herein may differ from the information contained in 
the Offering Documentation. 
EMEA 
For marketing and information purposes by UBS. 
Before investing in a product please read the latest prospectus and 
key information document carefully and thoroughly. Any decision to 
invest should take into account all the characteristics or objectives of 
the fund as described in its prospectus, or similar legal 
documentation. Investors are acquiring units or shares in a fund, and 
not in a given underlying asset such as building or shares of a 
company. The information and opinions contained in this document 
have been compiled or arrived at based upon information obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but is not 
guaranteed as being accurate, nor is it a complete statement or 
summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the 
document. Members of the UBS Group may have a position in and 
may make a purchase and / or sale of any of the securities or other 
financial instruments mentioned in this document. Units of UBS funds 
mentioned herein may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to 
certain categories of investors and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered in the United States. The information mentioned herein is 
not intended to be construed as a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell 
any securities or related financial instruments. Past performance is not 
a reliable indicator of future results. The calculated performance takes 
all costs on the fund level into consideration (ongoing costs). The 
entry and exit costs, which would have a negative impact on the 
performance, are not taken into consideration. If whole or part of the 
total costs to be paid is different from your reference currency, the 
costs may increase or decrease as a result of currency and exchange 
rate fluctuations. Commissions and costs have a negative impact on 
the investment and on the expected returns. If the currency of a 
financial product or financial service is different from your reference 
currency, the return can increase or decrease as a result of currency 
and exchange rate fluctuations. This information pays no regard to 
the specific or future investment objectives, financial or tax situation 
or particular needs of any specific recipient. Future performance is 
subject to taxation which depends on the personal situation of each 
investor and which may change in the future. The details and opinions 
contained in this document are provided by UBS without any 
guarantee or warranty and are for the recipient's personal use and 
information purposes only. This document may not be reproduced, 
redistributed or republished for any purpose without the written 
permission of UBS Asset Management Switzerland AG or a local 
affiliated company. Source for all data and charts (if not indicated 
otherwise): UBS Asset Management. This document contains 
statements that constitute “forward-looking statements”, including, 
but not limited to, statements relating to our future business 
development. While these forward-looking statements represent our 
judgments and future expectations concerning the development of 
our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other important 
factors could cause actual developments and results to differ 
materially from our expectations. A summary of investor rights in 
English can be found online at: ubs.com/funds-regulatoryinformation. 
More explanations of financial terms can be found at ubs.com/am-
glossary
Australia 
Confidential. For Professional/Institutional Investors only. Not for 
Retail distribution. This document is intended to provide general 
information only and has been provided by UBS Asset Management 
(Australia) Ltd (ABN 31 003 146 290) (AFS Licence No. 222605). For 
professional/institutional investors only. This document and its 
contents have not been reviewed by, delivered to or registered with 
any regulatory or other relevant authority in any jurisdiction. This 


[Page 9]
Macro Quarterly  |  Q4 2026
9
document is for informational purposes and should not be construed 
as an offer or invitation to the public, direct or indirect, to buy or sell 
securities. This document is intended for limited distribution and only 
to the extent permitted under applicable laws in any jurisdiction. No 
representations are made with respect to the eligibility of any 
recipients of this document to acquire interests in securities under the 
laws of any jurisdiction. Using, copying, redistributing or republishing 
any part of this document without prior written permission from UBS 
Asset Management is prohibited. Any statements made regarding 
investment performance objectives, risk and/or return targets shall 
not constitute a representation or warranty that such objectives or 
expectations will be achieved or risks are fully disclosed. The 
information and opinions contained in this document is based upon 
information obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good 
faith but no responsibility is accepted for any misrepresentation, errors 
or omissions. All such information and opinions are subject to change 
without notice. A number of comments in this document are based 
on current expectations and are considered “forward-looking 
statements”. Actual future results may prove to be different from 
expectations and any unforeseen risk or event may arise in the future. 
The opinions expressed are a reflection of UBS Asset Management’s 
judgment at the time this document is compiled and any obligation to 
update or alter forward-looking statements as a result of new 
information, future events, or otherwise is disclaimed. You are advised 
to exercise caution in relation to this document. The information in 
this document does not constitute advice and does not take into 
consideration your investment objectives, legal, financial or tax 
situation or particular needs in any other respect. Investors should be 
aware that past performance of investment is not necessarily 
indicative of future performance. Potential for profit is accompanied 
by possibility of loss. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents 
of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
Source for all data and charts (if not indicated otherwise): UBS Asset 
Management.
Singapore 
This document and its contents have not been reviewed by, delivered 
to or registered with any regulatory or other relevant authority in any 
jurisdiction. This document is for informational purposes and should 
not be construed as an offer or invitation to the public, direct or 
indirect, to buy or sell securities. This document is intended for limited 
distribution and only to the extent permitted under applicable laws in 
any jurisdiction. No representations are made with respect to the 
eligibility of any recipients of this document to acquire interests in 
securities under the laws of any jurisdiction. Using, copying, 
redistributing or republishing any part of this document without prior 
written permission from UBS Asset Management (Singapore) Ltd. is 
prohibited. Any statements made regarding investment performance 
objectives, risk and/or return targets shall not constitute a 
representation or warranty that such objectives or expectations will 
be achieved or risks are fully disclosed. The information and opinions 
contained in this document is based upon information obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable and in good faith but no responsibility 
is accepted for any misrepresentation, errors or omissions. All such 
information and opinions are subject to change without notice. A 
number of comments in this document are based on current 
expectations and are considered “forward-looking statements”. 
Actual future results may prove to be different from expectations and 
any unforeseen risk or event may arise in the future. The opinions 
expressed are a reflection of UBS Asset Management (Singapore) Ltd's 
judgment at the time this document is compiled and any obligation to 
update or alter forward-looking statements as a result of new 
information, future events, or otherwise is disclaimed. You are advised 
to exercise caution in relation to this document. The information in 
this document does not constitute advice and does not take into 
consideration your investment objectives, legal, financial or tax 
situation or particular needs in any other respect. Investors should be 
aware that past performance of investment is not necessarily 
indicative of future performance. Potential for profit is accompanied 
by possibility of loss. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents 
of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
Source for all data and charts (if not indicated otherwise): UBS Asset 
Management (Singapore) Ltd. (UEN 199308367C)
China 
For eligible investors under the relevant laws and regulations of the 
People's Republic of China ("PRC") only. This document and its 
contents have not been reviewed by, delivered to or registered with 
any regulatory or other relevant authority in the PRC. This document 
is for informational purposes and should not be construed as an offer 
or invitation to the public, direct or indirect, to buy or sell securities. 
This document is intended for limited distribution and only to the 
extent permitted under applicable laws in the PRC. No representations 
are made with respect to the eligibility of any recipients of this 
document to acquire interests in securities under the laws of the PRC. 
Using, copying, redistributing or republishing any part of this 
document without prior written permission from UBS Asset 
Management is prohibited. Any statements made regarding 
investment performance objectives, risk and/or return targets shall 
not constitute a representation or warranty that such objectives or 
expectations will be achieved or risks are fully disclosed. The 
information and opinions contained in this document is based upon 
information obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good 
faith but no responsibility is accepted for any misrepresentation, errors 
or omissions. All such information and opinions are subject to change 
without notice. A number of comments in this document are based 
on current expectations and are considered “forward-looking 
statements”. Actual future results may prove to be different from 
expectations and any unforeseen risk or event may arise in the future. 
The opinions expressed are a reflection of UBS Asset Management’s 
judgment at the time this document is compiled and any obligation to 
update or alter forward-looking statements as a result of new 
information, future events, or otherwise is disclaimed. You are advised 
to exercise caution in relation to this document. The information in 
this document does not constitute advice and does not take into 
consideration your investment objectives, legal, financial or tax 
situation or particular needs in any other respect. Investors should be 
aware that past performance of investment is not necessarily 
indicative of future performance. Potential for profit is accompanied 
by possibility of loss. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents 
of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
Source for all data and charts (if not indicated otherwise): UBS Asset 
Management. The securities or products mentioned herein may only 
be permitted to be offered to approved PRC investors and/or eligible 
investors under the relevant PRC laws and regulations. The relevant 
PRC investors shall obtain applicable approvals/licenses/registrations 
from the relevant authorities (if applicable), and comply with the 
relevant laws and regulations.
Hong Kong
This document and its contents have not been reviewed by, delivered 
to or registered with any regulatory or other relevant authority in any 
jurisdiction. This document is for informational purposes and should 
not be construed as an offer or invitation to the public, direct or 
indirect, to buy or sell securities. This document is intended for limited 
distribution and only to the extent permitted under applicable laws in 
any jurisdiction. No representations are made with respect to the 
eligibility of any recipients of this document to acquire interests in 


[Page 10]
securities under the laws of any jurisdiction.
Using, copying, redistributing or republishing any part of this document 
without prior written permission from UBS Asset Management is 
prohibited. Any statements made regarding investment performance 
objectives, risk and/or return targets shall not constitute a 
representation or warranty that such objectives or expectations will be 
achieved or risks are fully disclosed. The information and opinions 
contained in this document is based upon information obtained from 
sources believed to be reliable and in good faith but no responsibility is 
accepted for any misrepresentation, errors or omissions. All such 
information and opinions are subject to change without notice. A 
number of comments in this document are based on current 
expectations and are considered “forward-looking statements”. Actual 
future results may prove to be different from expectations and any 
unforeseen risk or event may arise in the future. The opinions expressed 
are a reflection of UBS Asset Management’s judgment at the time this 
document is compiled and any obligation to update or alter forward-
looking statements as a result of new information, future events, or 
otherwise is disclaimed. You are advised to exercise caution in relation 
to this document. The information in this document does not constitute 
advice and does not take into consideration your investment objectives, 
legal, financial or tax situation or particular needs in any other respect. 
Investors should be aware that past performance of investment is not 
necessarily indicative of future performance. Potential for profit is 
accompanied by possibility of loss. If you are in any doubt about any of 
the contents of this document, you should obtain independent 
professional advice. 
Source for all data and charts (if not indicated otherwise): UBS Asset 
Management.
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and 
unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
UBS Asset Management is a large-scale asset manager, with a presence 
in more than 20 countries worldwide. We take a globally connected 
approach to find the answers to our clients' investment challenges and 
draw on the best ideas and capabilities of our global set-up. To provide 
you with first class solutions, UBS Asset Management may outsource 
business areas and services to (other) business divisions of UBS Group 
AG, affiliated companies of UBS Group AG and carefully selected third 
party service providers on a global level. This applies both with respect 
to different services provided to you as a prospect and as a client, such 
as analyzing and providing investment solutions, negotiations regarding 
our future relationship, onboarding, as well as to ongoing know-your-
client due diligence, transactions, processing of securities and other 
financial instruments, compliance, risk management and monitoring, 
data processing, and IT and back- and middle-office services. Such a 
global approach may require transmitting client data to affiliated 
companies and carefully selected third party service providers. This 
might include entities that are not subject to banking secrecy (if 
applicable at all) and or that are not subject to the data protection laws 
applicable in your location, the location of the UBS Asset Management 
entity you are in contact with, or to your future relationship with UBS 
Asset Management. This global approach also may require storing 
client data in global IT systems. UBS Asset Management is subject to 
statutory obligations regarding the confidentiality of data relating to 
the business relationship with its clients.
You can rely on UBS Asset Management and its affiliated companies 
treating all data with strictest confidentiality; third party service 
providers are carefully selected and contractually bound to strictest 
confidentiality obligations in line with highest UBS standards.
C-09/2026 M-007084 M-007100
  ubs.com/am-linkedin
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered 
trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
www.ubs.com/am
