[Page 1]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
Stocks +1, The House -1, The World ? 
September 27, 2026 
1 
Stocks +1, The House -1, The World ? 
We came into this week with a list of things to think about with the Fed Behind Us, and a SITREP 
focusing on the Houthis vs Saudi Arabia. We also kicked off the week with a preview on CNBC. Our 
“official scoring” was stocks did well, Bessent faced setbacks on bonds and the yen, and for the world, 
well, not as much clarity as we could have hoped for. I was going to go with i instead of ? but √−1 
seemed overly complex vs ? even if it is more reflective of the current complex state of the world! 
We weighed in on some possibilities in Let’s Make a Deal: NYC Style. We started off with a bang, with 
the Greenland deal and a pre-summit trade “status quo” extension, but finished the week with a lot of 
wasted opportunities. The confusing messaging with Ukraine and Russia (confusing on everything 
except a desire for diesel prices to go lower). The contradictory messaging with Iran: public threats, 
closed door meetings allegedly leading to a deal, the terms of which seemed to be rejected by the 
President on Friday after the close. The summit had a lot of pageantry, some amazing moments, some 
awkward moments, but little seemed to come out of it in terms of concrete proposals. 
We ended the week on Bloomberg TV (click play, as we kick off Friday’s show) where we get to review 
what happened and preview what’s next. I’m sure I got some of the military details incorrect, but I lay 
out a case (explained more thoroughly in last weekend’s report), why the admin might be pushing to 
frame the midterms as a re-launching point, rather than an artificial constraint on U.S. activities 
(fortunately, Friday’s messaging from the admin is consistent with that view). So far, the admin has not 
proceeded with a diesel export ban, which I think would backfire in a relatively short period of time. 
If you haven’t heard Academy’s latest Around the World Podcast (Academy Podcasts, iTunes, and you 
can also find on Spotify) I highly recommend it. We cover: 
• Iran, Saudi Arabia, and the Houthis 
• Cuba 
• Russia/Ukraine War 
• Greenland Deal 
• The Trump / Xi Summit 
• Macro Impacts 
Recently retired Air Force General Kruse joins Spider, Maria, Bret, and me to run through the variety of 
topics, with some pretty interesting takes. 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious Intelligence 
Who knew that was a word that not only appears in the Oxford English Dictionary, but also in spell 
check? 
According to a Truth Social post, the President and Xi agreed to rename Artificial Intelligence as Super 
Intelligence. As you might guess, the number of memes is growing exponentially (with the aid of AI). 
My favorites so far are the Terminator ones where AI Terminator is BAD, Super Intelligent Terminator 
is GOOD. Never one to doubt the power of marketing, but this name change doesn’t seem likely to 
address the questions, domestically, internationally, and geopolitically around the development and 
deployment of AI. 
But if we are going to go for “super,” why not supercalifragilisticexpialidocious? You’ll always sound 
precocious.   (I am scared of what small percentage of readers will recognize the song, but for those 
who do, it isn’t a bad song to have stuck in your head, getting ready for another long week). 


[Page 2]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
Stocks +1, The House -1, The World ? 
September 27, 2026 
2 
But seriously, by the time you are done saying Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious Intelligence, you will 
have forgotten what you are arguing about! 
Stocks did quite well this week, with the Nasdaq up 2% and the SOXX index up 6.3% (though, depending 
on the index you track, most of the gains came on Monday’s rip-roaring rally!). Also, the Russell 2000 
was down on the week. 
As many have pointed out, the lack of breadth remains an issue. We continue to have a “compute” 
economy, which funnels into semiconductors (a sector with a disproportionate number of large sector 
and single stock leveraged ETFs). 
ZeroHedge has been focused on this more than most and pointed out on Friday that we had 9 days in 
a row of more 52 week lows in the S&P 500 than 52 week highs. The “mechanical” nature where $1 
of new money triggers activity in ETFs (and leveraged ETFs), along with other fears around “faux 
liquidity” (a market driven by algos and machines, that is incredibly liquid for small moves, but prone 
to gaps on larger moves), are growing concerns for me. Trying to dig deeper into this, but some of the 
experts in the area are arguing (persuasively to me) that depending on the sector, the market impact 
of that $1 in new money can create much larger market cap changes (hence the fixation on leveraged 
ETFs in particular). 
Short term, markets are swinging around with oil, but longer term, it is the compute build and spend 
that will drive markets and the economy. 
A lot of positive vibes, but not sure what was really accomplished or not this week on the AI front, 
especially with China. Much Ado About Nothing is the likely case there, as I expect whatever was said, 
Xi will return home and put his foot on the gas to develop better chips, better models (using distillation 
if need be), and I would say the energy to drive that compute, but on that front, they seem to be ahead 
of the U.S. where braggawatts remains a concern. 
At its most simple, since last year in Geneva, if not before then, I think the simplest way to frame every 
meeting with China is that after they go back to their respective countries, each side has one specific 
agenda: 
• The U.S. must continue to maintain or increase its lead in compute, while working on being 
less dependent on China in sectors where we need to be truly resilient (ProSec™). Processing, 
refining, and smelting rare earths, critical minerals, and even basic commodities is a part of that, 
but it goes far beyond those industries (more on this later). 
• China needs to grow its compute and chip industry (in terms of size and quality) faster than 
the U.S. can catch up on things that the U.S. is currently over-reliant on China for. 
Both sides have improved their hands (or cards) since the Geneva meetings, but my nagging concern is 
that China is more fixated on its goal and better organized in terms of achieving it, hence my repeated 
concerns for markets AND National Security, on Cheap Chinese Compute. 
The House Doesn’t Always Win 
10-year Treasury yields jumped to 5.2% this week. A 20 bp move. The part of the move that seemed to 
be triggered by S&P PMI data seemed particularly unusual (it is rarely such a market moving event). 
Bessent of I am the House Now and 6 Billion Dollar Man fame, is not getting his way on bond yields, 
nor on the yen. 


[Page 3]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
Stocks +1, The House -1, The World ? 
September 27, 2026 
3 
On bond yields, the data isn’t helping him. The war isn’t helping him. At the same time, the supply (just 
not in size but in average maturity) from the corporate market isn’t helping him. Neither are bond 
yields that are higher globally than they have been in a long time. Treasuries just aren’t that exciting, 
which is one of the messages the 5-year bond auction seemed to send. 
The buybacks left a lot to be desired. The Treasury continues to only help buy back some illiquid bonds, 
even then only at yields in the context of the market. 
Some “don’t bet against the Fed (or Treasury)” positioning was likely wiped out this week on that move, 
meaning it should be more difficult to push yields higher. But to get yields much lower, we need peace 
in either Russia/Ukraine or the Middle East (which we didn’t seem to get) or something akin to the 
“whatever it takes” moment Draghi unleashed on the Euro. 
The yen move hasn’t been quite as bad as the move in yields, and the yen diligently responded to more 
chatter about intervention (and maybe some actual intervention), but look for a weaker yen to remain 
a talking point, for both the admin and markets. To some degree I’m not sure why it is so front and 
center, especially as I’m not a big believer in the yen carry trade, but it is, and markets need fewer 
rather than more distractions. 
The World 
I’ll admit, I was kind of optimistic about the UN convening in New York City with so many opportunities 
to address so many potential issues. NYC is where Trump is really in his element. 
My main takeaway from this week is that I’m convinced that Mark Rutte, the Secretary General of 
NATO, was on the cusp of saying ProSec™ during his interview with Annmarie Hordern on Thursday. 
He wasn’t comfortable talking about trade (that was for the politicians), but he had no problem 
lamenting the lack of refining capacity in Europe. 
Rather than rehashing our thoughts on this subject, we can just direct you to our longer pieces: 
ProSec™ 2026 (our start of the year kick-off piece). 
Is 
ProSec™ 
The 
New 
ESG? 
What 
sounded 
preposterous even in the U.S. when we first started 
touting this concept seems to be turning into the 
norm. Look at investment committees. Look at recent 
ETF launches. Look at Canada and Australia, who seem 
to be contorting themselves to this reality. And finally, 
while Europe isn’t quite there, it seems a growing part 
of the population, including leaders like Rutte, is 
starting to face that reality that “true” sustainability 
requires real world resiliency. 
Our Mid-Year ProSec™ Update and first real attempt 
to introduce the concept of Vertically Integrated 
Nations. 
While investing in ProSec™ has been mixed outside 
of the compute/semiconductor/energy side of the 
concept (including the companies that make the 
equipment to build out compute), I think it is time to 


[Page 4]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
Stocks +1, The House -1, The World ? 
September 27, 2026 
4 
add to some of the ProSec™ sectors that have lagged (nuclear for one, rare earths and critical minerals 
as another) and also to start moving allocations more aggressively into Global ProSec™! 
Bottom Line 
Difficult to be bearish rates after the big moves. Even on oil and diesel and the wars, the “surprise” 
would seem to be a solution rather than ongoing problems (though by no means have markets priced 
in bad cases, let alone worst cases, for global energy distillate supplies). Let’s call rates “neutral” here, 
maybe playing for a bounce in prices (lower yields). 
TLT (long-dated Treasury ETF) dropped 2.4% on the week, while LQD (long-dated IG) dropped only 
1.4%. Some of that is linked to a shorter duration, but I continue to want to combine my credit risk 
with my duration risk and own longer-dated corporate bonds, with an emphasis on the compute build 
bonds (which make up a large part of the end of the curve anyways). Any slowdown in compute build 
(which was off the table this week) will be incredibly good for all-in compute bond yields. 
Energy, energy, and more energy. While rare earths and critical minerals (especially the processed and 
refined versions) are important, they don’t resonate with the public the way higher energy prices do 
(or god forbid, actual shortages). What the public wants, the public often gets, so continue to be 
skewed heavily to energy and energy production in all forms (electricity, LNG, diesel, etc. are at the top 
of your investing list). Yes, the sector will sell off on any resolution of today’s oil price problems, so be 
careful there (plenty of profits to be taken already), but look to reload on any sell-off. If Canada and 
Australia can start addressing their self-inflicted energy wounds, and Europe can at least admit they 
might have a problem, there is a lot more opportunity in this space! 
Good luck and I cannot help but feel a bit disappointed that this week’s opportunity in the U.S. didn’t 
seem to create much real momentum that markets or the economy could latch on to.   
On the other hand, it is difficult not to smile with supercalifragilisticexpialidocious running through your 
head on repeat.   If you haven’t heard it, look up the word and Mary Poppins and give it a shot; it 
can’t hurt! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 5]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
Stocks +1, The House -1, The World ? 
September 27, 2026 
5 
Disclaimer 
This document and its contents are confidential to the person(s) to whom it is delivered and should not be copied or 
distributed, in whole or in part, or its contents disclosed by such person(s) to any other person. Any party receiving and/or 
reviewing this material, in consideration therefore, agrees not to circumvent the business proposals explicitly or implicitly 
contained herein in any manner, directly or indirectly. Further, any recipient hereof agrees to maintain all information 
received in the strictest confidence and shall not disclose to any third parties any information material to the opportunity 
contained herein and, upon review hereof, agrees that any unauthorized disclosure by any party will result in irreparable 
damage for which monetary damages would be difficult or impossible to accurately determine. Recipients recognize, and 
hereby agree, that the proprietary information disclosed herein represents confidential and valuable proprietary 
information and, therefore, will not, without express prior written consent, disclose such information to any person, 
company, entity or other third party, unless so doing would contravene governing law or regulations.  
This document is an outline of matters for discussion only. This document does not constitute and should not be interpreted 
as advice, including legal, tax or accounting advice. This presentation includes statements that represent opinions, estimates 
and forecasts, which may not be realized. We believe the information provided herein is reliable, as of the date hereof, but 
do not warrant accuracy or completeness. In preparing these materials, we have relied upon and assumed, without 
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information available from public sources.  
Nothing in this document contains a commitment from Academy to underwrite, subscribe or agent any securities or 
transaction; to invest in any way in any transaction or to advise related thereto or as described herein. Nothing herein 
imposes any obligation on Academy.  
Academy is a member of FINRA, SIPC and MSRB. Academy is a Certified Disabled Veteran Business Enterprise and Minority 
Business Enterprise and is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business as per the US SBA. Investment Banking 
transactions may be executed through affiliates or other broker dealers, either under industry standard agreements or by 
the registration of certain principals. 
