[Page 1]
 
21 September 2026
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Global  
 
 Cross-Discipline  
 Thematic Research  
 Date  
 
 
The hawkish risk: How markets keep 
underestimating the scale of rate hikes
With the Fed, ECB and BoJ all hiking in the last two weeks, it’s clear we’re back in 
a globally synchronised rate hiking cycle, with markets pricing more to come. But, 
even though hikes are underway, there are credible reasons why investors risk 
underestimating the scale of the tightening ahead.
We run through these hawkish risks, and look at how the momentum regularly 
shifts towards faster hikes once the hiking cycle is underway.
Why markets risk underestimating the scale of the 
tightening ahead
1. Recent trends in commodity prices will push inflation higher still, and aren’t yet 
reflected in either inflation data or surveys.
n
September so far has seen further gains for commodities, with oil and gas 
posting some of the biggest rises. Even with the pullback of the last few 
days, Brent crude is still at $102/bbl at time of writing, above its levels 
throughout the entirety of August. More widely, Bloomberg’s Commodity 
Spot Index is also above levels seen throughout the entirety of June-August.
n
This matters because the latest inflation data and surveys available still only 
go up to August for the most part, and don’t reflect that latest impulse. 
Moreover, we know that energy shocks are prone to second-round effects 
the longer they last, as every industry uses energy and higher prices risk 
getting passed on into other goods and services.
n
Meanwhile, even before this latest inflationary impulse, leading indicators 
of inflation, like the prices paid component of the ISM services, were at 
levels consistent with US CPI above 5% in the last cycle.
Henry Allen
Macro Strategist
+44-20-754-11149
Deutsche Bank AG
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 
2021 INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER 
DETAILS.


[Page 2]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
Figure 1: Bloomberg's Commodity Spot Index is around 
record highs...
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
2010
2014
2018
2022
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 2: ...Even relative to July and August it's seen a 
further uptick
550
600
650
700
750
Jan-26
Mar-26
May-26
Jul-26
Sep-26
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
2. Central bankers tend to correct (and often overcorrect) for the last crisis. In 
2022 the consensus view was they didn’t react quickly enough to high inflation. 
We’re already seeing a more hawkish reaction function this time around.
n
As we’ve examined before (link here), there is a well-established tendency 
of central banks to correct for the perceived mistakes of the last crisis. For 
instance, the second oil shock of 1979 saw a much more hawkish response 
than the first oil shock in 1973, reflecting a sense that they’d done too little. 
Then, with the Covid-19 pandemic in 2020, they were incredibly dovish and 
slashed rates immediately, reflecting a sense they’d been too cautious in 
the initial response to the 2008 financial crisis.
n
Once again today, we can see how they’re already correcting for the 
inflation wave of 2021-23, when the consensus was they reacted too late, 
and were forced into more aggressive hiking cycles as a result. Indeed, back 
in 2022, the Fed and the ECB didn’t hike until CPI was already above 8% in 
the US and the Eurozone, whereas this time they’ve begun to hike with 
inflation less than half that.
n
There are also serious reasons to act more hawkish to a second shock, as 
we saw in the 1970s. Most obviously, the longer inflation has been above 
target, the greater the risk of inflation expectations becoming unanchored. 
So the tolerance for an inflation overshoot when it’s been above target for 
several years already will naturally be more limited. Moreover, this 
overshoot has been explicitly acknowledged by policymakers, with Fed 
Chair Warsh pointing out in his press conference that “for more than five 
years, inflation has been running above target.”


[Page 3]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
Figure 3: US CPI and when the Fed started hiking
-2
0
2
4
6
8
10
2015
2017
2019
2021
2023
2025
2022 
hikes 
begin
2026
hikes 
begin
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
Figure 4: Euro Area CPI and when the ECB started hiking
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
2015
2017
2019
2021
2023
2025
2022 
hikes 
2026 
hikes 
start
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
3. Financial conditions are more accommodative today than when they began 
hiking in 2022. This matters because, if financial conditions become tighter, that 
can do some of the tightening work for the central bank. But if they don’t, that 
requires more rate hikes.
n
Whilst inflation is much lower today than at the start of the last hiking cycle, 
it’s also true that financial conditions are notably more accommodative.
n
For example, when the Fed started hiking in 2022, the S&P 500 had already 
seen a correction of more than 10%. But today, it’s within 2% of its record 
high. In other words, there was a clear deterioration in risk appetite that was 
evident even before the Fed began hiking in 2022, which we haven’t seen 
today.
n
It’s the same story on credit spreads, which are notably tighter today. Back 
in 2022, US HY spreads were above 400bps, whereas today they’re around 
270bps. And in Europe, HY spreads were nearly 600bps when the ECB 
hiked in July 2022, but are less than half that today.
n
This matters, because tighter financial conditions can do some of the work 
of bringing down inflation for the central bank, meaning fewer hikes are 
required. But, with financial conditions notably looser today and still at 
relatively accommodative levels, then that would require a greater amount 
of monetary tightening to bring inflation down, other things equal.
Figure 5: US HY spreads (bps) are notably tighter today 
than they were when the 2022 hiking cycle began
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
550
600
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 6: It's the same story for EUR HY spreads (bps) too
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
550
600
650
700
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank


[Page 4]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
4. The historical pattern is overwhelmingly that markets tend to underprice the 
extent of hiking cycles at the beginning.
n
Throughout recent history, markets have underpriced the extent of Fed 
hiking cycles at the start. Last time in 2022, initial market pricing was for 
200bps of hikes in the first year, when they actually delivered over 400bps.
n
There are several reasons for this. One is that it’s difficult to judge turning 
points, particularly when the recent past has just seen rates on hold or cut. 
Another is that monetary policy operates with lags, so the initial hikes don’t 
immediately show an impact, adding to the pressure to go further. Often, 
further inflation shocks have occurred that were unexpected at the start, or 
second-round effects meant the initial inflation became more entrenched 
than realised.
n
But, whatever the mechanism, the pattern is clear. Overwhelmingly, 
markets tend to underestimate, rather than overestimate the extent of 
hiking cycles.
Figure 7: Fed Funds Rate (midpoint of target range) and futures at the start of previous hiking cycles - the consistent 
pattern is investors tend to underestimate the scale of the hikes ahead
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
1993
1998
2003
2008
2013
2018
2023
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
The historical precedents for faster tightening cycles than 
expected
n
2022-23: When the Fed started hiking rates in 2022, market pricing thought 
they’d do around 200bps in the first year. The reality was they hiked over 
400bps that year. This underestimation was also clear on the size of the rate 
hikes too. For instance, the Fed initially began with 25bps, then accelerated 
up to 50bps at the following meeting, even though market pricing thought 
they’d stick to 25bps. Then after they hiked by 50bps, markets initially 
thought they’d do another 50bps, but they accelerated up to 25bps.
n
Meanwhile at the ECB, initial expectations were for around 200bps 
of hikes in the first year of the hiking cycle, but in reality they hiked 
by 400bps in that first year.


[Page 5]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
n
2015-18: When the Fed began their first hiking cycle after the GFC, there 
was initially a delay, as the initial hike was followed by data weakness in 
early 2016, and they didn’t hike for another year. But after that second hike 
in 2016, they were then more hawkish than expected in 2017, and again in 
2018. That came as US fiscal policy became more stimulative and the global 
economy entered an expansion. Even with the more dovish-than-expected 
start, the overall hiking cycle by late-2018 was more aggressive than 
markets had priced when the hikes began in December 2015.
n
2004-06: At the start of the 2004 hikes, the Fed’s statement explicitly said 
that “the Committee believes that policy accommodation can be removed 
at a pace that is likely to be measured.” In reality, they hiked for 17 
consecutive meetings and, whilst markets were only pricing in around 
200bps of hikes for the next two years, they delivered over 400bps.
n
This was the period when Fed Chair Greenspan dubbed it a 
“conundrum” that long-term interest rates had moved lower 
despite the tightening. In other words, it was blunting the effect of 
the rate hikes. Interestingly, this hiking cycle is the one exception to 
the pattern of 10yr yields being higher after a year in the last 12 
hiking cycles.
n
1999-2000: The Fed delivered 3 insurance cuts in late-1998 after the 
Russian financial crisis and, when they started to hike again in June 1999, 
initial market pricing was that they’d just unwind those insurance cuts. In 
reality, they went well beyond that, delivering 175bps in total.
n
1994-95: When the Fed's 1994 hiking cycle started, futures were pricing 
around 140bps of hikes by Christmas. In fact, the Fed delivered 250bps by 
then, and 300bps over the full year. As a result, the 10yr Treasury yield was 
up +208bps in 1994, the most since 1980 and the Volcker disinflation. 
Indeed, it wasn’t until the 2022 hiking cycle that the 10yr Treasury yield saw 
such a big annual rise again.
The charts below demonstrate this graphically. If you look at where investors 
expected the Federal Funds Rate to be at the end of a tightening cycle, it is generally 
higher than expected several months beforehand.
Figure 8: Fed funds futures (rate) for December 2018
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
Jan-16
Jan-17
Jan-18
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 9: Fed funds futures (rate) for June 2006
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
4.5
5.0
5.5
Jul-04
Jan-05
Jul-05
Jan-06
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank


[Page 6]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG
Figure 10: Fed funds futures (rate) for May 2000
5.8
5.9
5.9
6.0
6.0
6.1
6.1
6.2
6.2
6.3
6.3
Dec-99
Feb-00
Apr-00
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 11: Fed funds futures (rate) for February 1995
5.2
5.4
5.6
5.8
6.0
6.2
6.4
6.6
Aug-94
Oct-94
Dec-94
Feb-95
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Implications
In 11 of the 12 Fed hiking cycles since 1955, the 10yr Treasury yield has been higher 
after a year. Given these hiking cycles often proved to be more hawkish than 
expected, this makes intuitive sense.
With yields around multi-year highs, this has led to a lot of questions as to whether 
risk assets will finally come under pressure. But 1999 demonstrates that, if growth 
remains strong, it’s possible to have rate hikes, higher yields and higher equities all 
at the same time. Indeed, that year saw 75bps of Fed hikes, the 10yr Treasury was 
up +179bps, and the S&P 500 was up +19.5%.
In today’s case, this means that, if earnings remain strong and AI continues to boost 
productivity and growth, it doesn’t have to affect equities much. Indeed, the S&P 
500 is within 2% of its record high, despite markets already pricing in a hiking 
cycle over at least 100bps from the Fed. So, in term of market pricing, a 100bp 
hiking cycle clearly isn’t a deal breaker for risk assets. And over in Europe, there’s 
a similar pattern where markets are pricing an ECB tightening cycle of over 125bps 
in total (including the 50bps already delivered), yet the STOXX 600 is still just over 
3% beneath its record.
Nevertheless, this risk asset resilience actually points towards the risk of a more 
hawkish tightening cycle. We shouldn’t underestimate that one of the reasons for 
rate hikes and higher yields has been the growth resilience since the Iran conflict 
began. Stronger growth is precisely what is giving central banks the space to 
embark on this hiking cycle.


[Page 7]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 7
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, 
and other sources. For further information regarding disclosures relevant to Deutsche Bank Research, please visit our global 
disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/FICCDisclosures. Aside from within 
this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/
Disclaimer. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view 
in this report. Henry Allen.


[Page 8]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche 
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be 
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this 
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the 
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or 
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as 
principal for its own account or as agent for another person. 
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account 
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank, 
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research 
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from 
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or 
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts 
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading 
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not 
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity 
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have 
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for 
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the 
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst 
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks 
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with 
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally 
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has 
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate 
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and 
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole 
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular 
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or 
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a 
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and 
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to 
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a 
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude 
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous 
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from 
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in the preparation of this 
material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, content drafting and editorial 
corrections pertaining to research material.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our 
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our 
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer. 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay 
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases 
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the 
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in 
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to 
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets 
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency 
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are 
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by 
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in 
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables 
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating 
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. 
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 


[Page 9]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 9
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness 
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their 
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and 
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss 
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable 
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to 
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an 
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document.  If you are unable to access the website, please contact 
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange 
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes 
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could 
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an 
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the ‘Disclosures' tab. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser, 
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in 
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your 
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other 
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient 
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation 
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type, 
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision. 
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of 
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment 
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this 
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst 
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made 
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a 
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts 
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts 
with FINRA. 
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and 
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields, 
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent 
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to futures 
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures 
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The 
author(s) of a research report , and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, may not be licensed to carry on 
regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set 
out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, 
including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. 
This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional 
investors. 


[Page 10]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 10
Deutsche Bank AG
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered 
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is 
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437; 
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: 
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: 
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of 
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all 
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for 
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject 
company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-
equities-india/index?language_id=1.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in 
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction 
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price 
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services. 
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result 
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial 
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless 
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by 
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the 
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period..
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number 
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10). 
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. 
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert 
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility 
to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently 
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be 
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the 
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or 
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business 
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King 
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial 
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank 
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority. 
Australia and New Zealand:  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures 


[Page 11]
21 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 11
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where 
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement, 
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In 
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact 
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use 
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management, 
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses 
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from 
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value 
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record 
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested 
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also 
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, 
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that 
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other 
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading 
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or 
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results 
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the 
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention. 
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of 
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG 
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within 
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in 
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of 
Deutsche Bank AG. 
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to participate 
in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective and other principal 
investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be lower or higher than 
portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the investment opportunities 
available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance standards on all aspects of ESG 
or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet expectations in connection with 
corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG


[Page 12]
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
COO and Head of Fixed
Income Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of Macro and
Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of
Sustainability and Data
Innovation, Research
Robin Winkler
Head of German Macro
Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM &
APAC Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates
Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX
Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
Nilendra de-Mel
Head of APAC & Middle
East Product
Development
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce 
Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Singapur
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower,
Singapore 048583
TeL: +65 6423 8001
