[Page 1]
Macro Picture - Chart Story
BEING FED CHAIR IS HARD
Dario Perkins
21 Sep 2026
It has been a very good year for Fed-watching at TS Lombard (new management). 
Obviously we are much too humble for victory laps but, seriously, why are we so brilliant? And what
will the Fed do next?
Why this Fed tightening cycle still has further to run:
1/6
Back in November, we said there would be a lively debate about rate
hikes in 2026, and we have been more hawkish than the consensus
ever since. Back then, the vast majority of sellsiders were still expecting
multiple rate CUTs. The charts show the distribution of consensus
forecasts at the time, as polled by Bloomberg. And, of course, everyone
thought yields would stay well below their current levels. 


[Page 2]
2/6
Warsh’s first 100 days as Fed chair were messy and we were (a bit)
critical. Thankfully, a new - more humble - Warsh has now emerged, one
that has figured out that his new job (unlike the old one) isn’t about
punditry or clever soundbites. He has also put to bed the whole sock
puppet thing. That was the smart thing to do. Remember my anecdote
about Volcker and Greenspan? If Volcker was still around, he would
have called Warsh last week to congratulate him on becoming a proper
central banker.


[Page 3]
3/6
Warsh made several (but forgivable) rookie mistakes. He didn't need to
criticise the record of his predecessor, or challenge the "revealed
preference" stuff. That caused the market to challenge HIM. And its
ironic that when he finally gave something resembling forward
guidance he basically tied himself to one data point. We only asked for
a view on the economy... which he now offers, (Victoria is right.) Things
should hopefully run a little more smoothly now. 


[Page 4]
4/6
Every time an investor told me Warsh “couldn’t” hike ahead of the
midterms, it only confirmed that a credibility hike was desperately
needed. In the end, 25bps was a small price for killing the entire sock-
puppet narrative. People will now take Warsh more seriously. This is
exactly what new Fed chairs always do, to prove their inflation-fighting
credentials. As we explained in the spring, it is a Fed tradition. Why did
Trump take the news so well? My guess, Warsh and Bessent tipped him
off:
5/6
The Fed has started on a quarterly tightening path, although it is only
signaling one additional move from here. As we have been saying all
year, the terminal rate will depend on what happens in the labour
market. If employment continues to reaccelerate, another of our out-of-
consensus forecasts from November, the Fed will hike a lot more than
everyone realizes. The reacceleration is important because it proves: (i)
policy isnt restrictive, and (ii) AI isnt deflationary/ labour destroying. 


[Page 5]
6/6
Oh, and one final thing. We are obviously bullish on the US economy
but if you are a bit superstitious, or have worked in financial markets for
a while, this last image will probably terrify you. Personally, it gives me
horrible flashbacks to the summer of 2007. I was working at an
investment bank and our equity strategy team put out a note called
“There Are No Risks”. Weirdly, I cant find that piece on the internet
anymore…


[Page 6]


[Page 7]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report
is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not
be reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical,
photocopying, recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable
but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees
or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or
damage arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in
connection with the information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this
report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information
available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express
or implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not
guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its
subsidiaries. The value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this
report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in
exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial
instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial
situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of
investing in any of the types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No.
10232483
