[Page 1]
The upside pain trade
Breadth is poor, retail momentum is fading and sentiment has collapsed—yet NDX is back above its
100-day MA and has broken the short-term downtrend.
With positioning cleaner, tech valuations reset and bulls in hibernation, upside remains the market’s
main pain trade.
Teflon tech
Last week, we outlined the squeeze risk in markets. NDX has since moved higher, breaking above the
short-term negative trend line as of writing. Worth noting: we are once again above the 100-day MA,
despite only ~30% of NDX members trading above their 50-day MAs. Yes, this is low by historical
standards, let alone for an index sitting ~3% from ATHs.
A close above 30,400 in futures could turn this into a proper upside pain market.
LSEG Workspace
Nobody believes it
Goldman’s Sentiment Index fell to -0.9, its lowest level in more than a year. It sure doesn’t look like we
are just a few percentage points from all-time highs.
GS
Underneath the surface
Most things beneath the surface are still trading badly. That weak breadth looks increasingly
disconnected from an SPX sitting just a few percentage points below all-time highs and adds fuel to the
upside pain trade if participation begins to broaden.


[Page 2]
GS
Clean positioning
Retail buying briefly recovered at the start of the month, but one-month rolling net buying is already
turning lower again. Meanwhile, systematic and institutional investors have materially reduced
exposure. The marginal bid remains subdued, but that leaves the market with a much cleaner
positioning base, and more fuel for a squeeze.
Vanda
Far from exuberant
Markets appear willing to believe the optimistic earnings forecasts for hyperscalers, but remain
unwilling to assign them a valuation premium. UBS’s hyperscalers index now trades at roughly the
same blended forward earnings multiple as the S&P 500, although it still commands a premium to the
equal-weighted index.


[Page 3]
Bloomberg/Authers
What's the problem?
As Callahan asks: Is the problem in semis/AI a macro one or an AI one? The SOX P/E multiple (white) is
nearing multi-year lows, charted against oil prices (inverted, blue). Given the reset in both valuations
and vol, we find playing potential upside via call structures increasingly interesting.
GS
LSEG Workspace
The inference exception
The "inference economy" continues to impress. The market is rewarding asset-light, AI-levered plays,
think cybersecurity and data infrastructure. What has been surprising, however, is the continued
multiple expansion in longer-duration names such as NET and SNOW, even as 10-year yields push
toward multi-decade highs. This reflects the scarcity value of clean, secular growth in an increasingly
complicated tech tape.


[Page 4]
Bloomberg/Callahan
Bulls in hibernation
Last week’s AAII bull implosion was huge, with the indicator falling to its lowest level in a long time.
Nothing a proper squeeze can’t fix. We stick to the view outlined last week: upside remains the main
pain trade.
LSEG Workspace
© 2026 The Market Ear
