[Page 1]
21 September 2026, 09:00 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Finding structural growth beyond the rate cycle
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Nathaniel Gabriel, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, Materials & Industrial, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Eric Potoker, CIO Equity Strategist, US Health care, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Podcast: Signal over Noise| Takeaways from Silicon Valley, on Apple
and Spotify (6 mins)
Podcast: Jump Start | Global PMIs in focus (6 mins)
Video: Mark Haefele on why the equity rally can continue (3 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why higher rates alone don't mean lower 
equities (6 mins)
Thought of the day
Rising interest rates are now part of the investment backdrop investors 
must navigate. The Federal Reserve raised rates for the first time since 
2023, the European Central Bank signaled that further tightening will 
likely be needed, and the Bank of England highlighted the increased risk of 
elevated energy costs feeding into domestic inflation. Meanwhile, Bank of 
Japan Governor Kazuo Ueda said the country’s monetary policy has entered 
a new phase.
This environment may appear negative for equities, particularly for longer-
duration growth companies, which can face valuation pressure from higher 
yields and increased funding costs.
But rates alone do not determine market performance. With economic 
growth resilient and earnings still robust, we believe investors should 
remain positioned for market upside. In our view, exposure to 
transformational innovation could be a key differentiator in long-term 
equity performance.
Modest tightening is unlikely to derail the tech cycle. Historically, 
the start of a Fed hiking cycle alone has not been sufficient to derail 
technology performance, and we believe the current environment more 
closely resembles the constructive 2016-2017 period than the disruption 
experienced in 2022. The Nasdaq 100 companies are forecast to grow 
their earnings by 43% this year and 28% next year, while hyperscalers’ 
cloud revenue growth is accelerating. We believe their expected returns 
remain comfortably above funding costs, and expect AI-related capex to 
  
What to watch: 22 September
• Eurozone consumer confidence in 
September
• Fed Vice Chair Philip Jefferson speaks, 
NY Fed President John Williams speaks
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch.
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Daily US
grow further to USD 1.2tr in 2027. On positioning, we continue to favor 
high-quality semiconductor and hardware leaders that benefit from AI 
infrastructure investment. We believe the largest AI capex spenders should 
provide resilience across a range of outcomes given their scale, diversified 
earnings streams, and growing AI monetization opportunities. Select 
infrastructure software and defensive tech companies should also offer 
opportunities.
Rapid AI data center expansion strengthens the investment case 
across the power and resources value chain. Recent discussions with 
energy producers, utilities, and infrastructure providers increased our 
confidence that further supply contracts with large technology companies 
and data center developers will be announced through year-end and 
into 2027. Meeting this demand will require investment across natural 
gas, renewables, nuclear power, energy storage, and the networks and 
equipment used to transmit electricity. Generating electricity at or near 
data centers is also gaining traction, as developers seek faster access to 
power amid lengthy waits for connections to the wider electricity grid. We 
therefore believe the opportunity extends beyond any single energy source 
and could benefit a broad range of businesses that support the expansion 
and delivery of reliable power.
Health care’s defensive qualities and long-term growth drivers 
support the Longevity opportunity. Recent developments illustrate 
that health care innovation rarely follows a straight path. One late-stage 
drug trial failed to demonstrate a sufficiently clear benefit, while medical-
device shares came under pressure following signs of slower demand and 
operational disruption. Yet, we view the drug setback as manageable 
and believe the broader weakness in medical devices has been greater 
than the underlying business conditions would justify. More broadly, 
health care offers a combination of defensive qualities and long-term 
growth, supported by aging populations and rising demand for treatments, 
diagnostic tools, and medical technology that can extend healthy lifespans. 
Continued advances in areas such as obesity care, cancer treatment, and 
medical devices reinforce our positive view on the Longevity opportunity, 
while the sector’s relatively resilient earnings can also help investors 
diversify their equity exposure during periods of market volatility.
So, as structural shifts in AI, energy infrastructure, and health care expand 
global profit pools and reshape industries, we expect our transformational 
innovation themes to offer access to durable growth opportunities that can 
persist well beyond short-term market volatility.
Caught our attention
Oil falls. Brent crude oil fell 2.2% to USD 101.5/bbl on Monday morning 
after the head of US Central Command Admiral Brad Cooper said oil 
and liquefied natural gas shipments through the Strait of Hormuz in the 
past two weeks have reached the highest level in six months. In a video 
message over the weekend, Cooper said US naval protection and mine 
clearance efforts are “paying off,” and that Persian Gulf allies have shipped 
more than 1 billion barrels of crude through the strait “in the last couple 
of months.” Separately, Saudi Aramco last week said it was working to 
resume full capacity at its East-West pipeline within six weeks. Still, Yemen’s 
Houthi group launched missile and drone strikes in Riyadh on Saturday, and 
Iran and the US exchanged new threats on Sunday with little sign of the 
two sides nearing any agreement.
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Daily US
Our view: While Middle Eastern oil flows have improved in recent weeks, 
loading volumes remain well below January and February levels, according 
to tanker tracking data. With flows still vulnerable to renewed disruption 
and inventories falling, we believe risks to oil prices remain skewed to 
the upside. But geopolitical risk is only one reason we think investors 
should position for a commodity upcycle—rising government debt and 
growing power demand related to AI have also strengthened the role of 
real assets in diversified portfolios. Within the commodity complex, we 
favor copper most on a relative basis, supported by investment in power 
grids, data centers, and electrification. Investors can consider actively 
managed commodity strategies that adapt as leadership shifts across 
industrial metals, energy, agriculture, and precious metals.
Germany’s elections. Germany’s chancellor Friedrich Merz on Sunday 
vowed to stay in office to press ahead with reforms despite heavy losses 
for his Christian Democratic Union party to the far-right Alternative 
for Germany (AfD) in a regional election over the weekend. Merz’s 
conservatives won just 4.9% of the vote in the north-eastern state of 
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, while the AfD doubled its share of the vote 
and became the largest party. The outcome means the CDU will not have 
any seats in the state parliament, and it comes two weeks after the AfD’s 
victory in the election in Saxoney-Anhalt.
Our view: We continue to see German equities as Attractive. While 
political uncertainty could weigh on sentiment in the near term, we expect 
German stocks to benefit from the country’s fiscal expansion and increased 
defense and infrastructure spending. More broadly, we also see appealing 
opportunities across the region and rate Eurozone equities as Attractive, 
supported by improving cyclical momentum, structural investment, and a 
broadening earnings recovery.
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Daily US
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Daily US
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
