[Page 1]
VR Patel - Retail Waiting For Macro Risks To Clear 21 Sep 2026
Viraj Patel  ·  Vanda Research  ·  Chief Innovation Officer & Global Market Strategist, Partner
Mon 21 Sep 2026, 9:04am ET
Key Takeaway
• Equity positioning has already de-risked meaningfully, while retail remain highly selective and overall
activity is fading. That leaves overall equities less crowded than 1M ago – but bond yields are the binding
constraint for a tactical bounce in risk appetite.
1. RETAIL ARE STILL BUYING... BUT ONLY WHERE THEY HAVE CONVICTION. The retail bid
remains concentrated in a handful of individual names rather than broad-based across the market. More
recently, it's been Crowdstrike Holdings Inc that has captured the attention of retail after recent AI security
warnings (chart below).
In short, investors are still willing to buy weakness when on either a strong narrative or notable sell-off (ie,
Netflix Inc. on Friday). But this remains a stock-picker's market for retail rather than the old 'buy
everything' FOMO regime.


[Page 2]
2. RETAIL BUYING MOMENTUM IS STARTING TO FADE AGAIN. As the chart below shows, retail
buying had begun to pick up at the start of the month – but that momentum has quickly stalled. 1M rolling
net buying of both individual stocks and total listed securities is now rolling over again, reinforcing that
the broader retail bid remains relatively subdued.


[Page 3]
3. THE GOOD NEWS IS THAT BROADER EQUITY POSITIONING HAS ALREADY DE-RISKED.
Aggregate positioning has moved materially lower as systematic and institutional investors have also
reduced exposure. That leaves the market with a cleaner starting point than a few weeks ago (chart below).


[Page 4]
4. BONDS ARE NOW THE CLEARING EVENT FOR EQUITIES. With equity positioning cleaner and
retail activity fading, the next move increasingly comes down to rates – especially given the tight
correlation between equity flows & yields (chart below). But geopolitics (oil), domestic politics
(midterms) and the AI narrative all remain high on the "wall of worry" for equity folks. We continue to
watch the tape closely for signs of re-risking this week... starting with CTAs.


[Page 5]
Source: Vanda Research, as of 21 September 2026.
