[Page 1]
 
Goldman's "Boy Who Cried Baskets" Buys The AI 
Dip: Agents Are Here, Short Consumer 'Stickiness' 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SUNDAY, SEP 20, 2026 - 03:55 PM 
The Fed meeting "reinforced credibility" and a more-anchored long-end helped risk appetite with 
Goldman spending most of last week telling clients to buy the thing that spent Monday getting 
punched in the mouth... we hope you "had a plan". 
 
Momentum is on the precipice of a breakout, says Goldman's Louis Miller in his latest Global 
Reflections (full note available here for pro subs), while admitting that while he "might sound like 
the boy who cried baskets" (reminder, Miller is Goldman's global head of custom equity 
baskets), he says "we like buying AI here" because incremental use-case materialization will 
create scope for alpha on the long and short side. 
The AI trade recouped almost all of its Monday losses, and we think that following a double 
bottom, there is room to grind higher... 


[Page 2]
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 
...especially when considering that momentum is on the precipice of a breakout 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 
Miller sees six key areas to focus on for trade ideas: 
Consumer agents are here, short Consumer Inertia. 
Muse had 1.6 million US downloads in its first 8 days (nearly 2x ChatGPT's first 8 days) 
according to Apptopia, and the impact of Instinct on making my personal inbox easier to 
manage was the first conversation I had today. 


[Page 3]
 
Agents compress the switching cost that used to be booked as a consumer moat. 
This phenomenon is exactly why we like being short Consumer Inertia (GSXUSWCH). 
Our Consumer Inertia (GSXUSWCH) basket is approaching the lows as narrative momentum 
around Agentic AI use cases is picking up 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 
GSXUSWCH focuses on industries where customer stickiness is driven less by product 
differentiation and more by the effort required to take action.  
Telcos traded down on this theme on Thursday (TMUS -5.5%; AT&T -2% & VZ -3%), but our 
basket cuts across more areas, and we also have a version ex fins (GSCBSWC2 Index) for 
those that think it adds too much macro sensitivity. 
Power is now the laggard trade in an AI rally, leaving room for 
upside. 
AI has nearly closed the gap since AI regulation/pause concerns drove the complex lower, but 
power continues to lag. 
While energy inflation and the scope for regulatory intervention have weighed on the IPP and AI 
power theme (GSX1POW1), we think we are approaching an inflection point: positioning in the 
AI power story is amongst the most washed out across AI themes, the upcoming midterms 
should be supportive of the renewable power narrative, and datacenter power demand remains 
intact. 


[Page 4]
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 
We’re also particularly bullish on Europe’s power story, where headlines on datacenter rollout 
are accelerating (see Fortum/Google, PPC/AWS) and like owning Renewables (GSXERNEW) 
as the value-growth pocket within Utilities geared to energy price upside near-term and 
datacenter upside longer-term. 
Buy calls on US Consumer, Short Delta One UK Consumer. 
Across the pond, stretched UK yields (10y at 20y high) have hit Homebuilders (GSSBUKHO) 
which offer the highest beta expression for UK rates relief. 
In contrast to Homebuilders, UK Consumer stocks (GSXEUKCO) have been remarkably 
resilient YTD, but are vulnerable to correction as discretionary spend weakens. 
Surveys on UK Consumer Confidence indicate a negative trend for GSXEUKCO 


[Page 5]
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 
In contrast in the US, we like going long Low Income Consumer Discretionary (GSXULOWD), 
which has held up better than broader consumer, if we get any relief on the geopolitics front. 
The US Low Income Consumer (GSXULOWD) appears to be holding up better than broader 
discretionary spend 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 


[Page 6]
 
Germany > France. 
Our Europe Team like broader exposure to German fiscal stimulus via our fiscal spend basket 
(GSXEGFSC) where performance decorrelated from positive EPS and economic sentiment 
trends. 
GS is hosting its annual German corporate conference next week (Sep 21-23) where these 
companies will discuss how fiscal spend is flowing through orders and EPS momentum. Note 
that planned 2027 German defense expenditure of €140bn represents a €31.4bn increase from 
2026.  
The German Fiscal vs France pair trade has lagged the recent widening of OAT-Bund spreads 
as macro volatility took over country-risk 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities 
We like pairing this with a tactical short hedge on our French Domestic basket (GSXEFRDO), 
which we expect to remain constrained by political and fiscal noise into next year's elections. 
Winners need better hedges into Year-End. 
Even with the summer’s drawdowns, many names are up double and even triple digits YTD and 
we continue to get incomings on how to hedge out thematic, market, and industry risk of these 
names. 


[Page 7]
 
Our New Single Stock Hedging Platform provides a liquid and diversified solution by optimizing 
a fundamental universe of peers to track the target name, providing better correlation that listed 
alternatives. 
Asia. 
We had Finn Dattenberg Doyle (Asia Baskets) in town in NY, his top trades are below. 
 
In other words: buy the bounce, fade the friction, own the grid that has not bounced yet, and do 
not confuse the resilience of year-to-date heroes with unhedged ones. 
With Trump/Xi meeting next week, Miller concludes that there’s room for recovery in Consumer 
pockets and likes Healthcare as an uncorrelated macro trade. 
He concludes that "while the road ahead will be choppy, we're convicted the path from here to 
year-end is higher in equities" and picking up exposure in oversold, undervalued structural 
growth. 
 
 
 
