[Page 1]
Christian 
Mueller-Glissmann, CFA 
+44(20)7774-1714 | christian.mueller-
glissmann@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Andrea Ferrario 
+44(20)7552-4353 | 
andrea.ferrario@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Alessandro Giglio 
+44(20)7051-6240 | 
alessandro.giglio@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Elena Porfidia 
+44(20)7051-5240 | 
elena.porfidia@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Global Markets Daily: Re-Assessing the Value of Duration for Balanced 
Portfolios
21 September 2026 | 10:50AM BST
Global bond yields have risen sharply YTD, driven by stronger nominal growth, 
n
lingering inflation, fiscal concerns and increased competition for capital from AI. 
From here, the optimal bond weight in a balanced portfolio will be conditioned 
by (1) relative return, (2) relative risk, (3) diversification benefits and (4) the 
return on cash. 
In the very near term energy prices and central bank policy will likely drive both 
n
bonds and equities – rates relief would support both but continued increases in 
yields could weigh more on equities. Over the next few months, resilient earnings 
growth should continue to support risk-adjusted returns for equities vs. bonds. 
Over longer horizons, higher starting yields should lift optimal bond allocations 
from the unusually low levels of the past five years towards historical norms. 
There is unlikely to be an immediate return to the simple 60/40 portfolio 
n
template. Receiver swaptions on front-end rates can provide a more convex 
hedge for a recession, but also benefit from a potential relief in the event of 
lower energy prices. Bond-like equities can improve diversification with a 
growing number of stocks with a negative beta. On the flip side, equity-like 
bonds such as convertibles look more attractive to improve asymmetry. 
Re-Assessing the Value of Duration for Balanced Portfolios 
 
 
In “GOAL Post: The name is bond — rethinking duration in balanced portfolios” we set out 
a framework for assessing the role of bonds in multi-asset portfolios after the sharp 
rise in yields. Here we highlight the key investment implications, focusing on the 
drivers of bond allocations across tactical, medium-term and strategic horizons and 
where investors can find attractive sources of carry, convexity and diversification. 
Global bond yields have risen sharply YTD, driven by a combination of cyclical 
support, rising energy prices due to the Middle East war, crowding out from AI 
debt issuance and fiscal concerns. This follows the large bond sell-off in 2022. As a 
result, over the past 5 years US 10-year bonds delivered the worst return in more 
than a century – in real terms, returns were nearly as low as after WW1 and WW2 
and in the 1970s. 
However, despite the material bond sell-off, current levels of bond yields are not 
unusually high compared with long-run history – they were just unusually low 
during the post-GFC cycle. In fact, the current US 10-year yield, at 5%, is close to 
the average of 4.7% over the last 250 years (Exhibit 1, excluding the 1970s results in 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 


[Page 2]
an average of 4.5% but during WW2 the Fed anchored long-dated bond yields via yield 
curve control, suggesting bond yields would have been much higher). Admittedly, such a 
long history is not comparable to now, as macro conditions have been more friendly for 
the current generation of bond investors. But, the macro regime has materially shifted, 
with multiple cyclical and structural headwinds for bonds. 
 
Are bonds becoming more attractive again for multi-asset portfolios? Based on 
Markowitz’ Modern Portfolio Theory the optimal bond weight in a balanced 
portfolio is a function of (1) relative return, (2) relative risk, (3) diversification 
benefits and (4) the return on cash.  With higher equity/bond correlations the optimal 
bond weight decreases, and that means lower Sharpe ratios and higher portfolio 
volatility. The optimal bond allocation also decreases with better relative equity returns 
vs. bonds and higher relative risk. Higher returns on cash can also drive a higher equity 
allocation as bonds become less attractive vs. cash. Importantly, a more positive 
equity/bond correlation amplifies all those shifts (see our GOAL Post for the full 
framework behind these drivers and how they interact across different macro regimes). 
While higher bond yields suggest higher total returns for bonds in the medium term, the 
return relative to equities will be driven mostly by equities, equity/bond correlations are 
likely to be less negative compared with the post-GFC cycle, and term premia look set to 
remain relatively low in a long-run context. 
In the near term, monetary policy and energy prices should remain the key drivers 
of both equities and bonds (Exhibit 2). So far, higher bond allocations have added 
volatility rather than buffered portfolios. Further yield increases, especially sharp moves 
driven by energy prices or more aggressive central bank tightening, would likely weigh 
more on equities than bonds; historically, increases above 2sd over 3 months have 
mattered most (Exhibit 3). Conversely, lower energy prices, continued core inflation 
normalisation and less hawkish central banks — consistent with our economists’ baseline 
— should help bonds stabilise into year-end and support equities. We are tactically 
Neutral across assets in our 3m allocation. 
 
Exhibit 1: Higher but not high - normalisation from post-GFC cycle levels 
10-year government bond yields. Yearly data. Dashed line is historical average for US. 
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
1791
1801
1811
1821
1831
1841
1851
1861
1871
1881
1891
1901
1911
1921
1931
1941
1951
1961
1971
1981
1991
2001
2011
2021
US nominal yield
World nominal yield (GDP-weighted)
 
 
Source: Bank of England, Datastream, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
21 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 3]
 
On a 6-12m horizon, the case for higher bond allocations would strengthen if 
growth slows materially or AI-driven earnings tailwinds fade. For now, strong 
earnings growth still favours equities over bonds: prospective global equity carry - which 
combines the starting dividend yield plus the subsequent change in earnings - has 
increased sharply YTD supported by the AI investment boom, and our equity strategists 
still expect slower but still strong earnings growth in 2027. This should keep equity 
risk-adjusted returns attractive versus bonds, even as relative returns moderate. We 
remain OW equities, N bonds and UW credit on a 12m horizon. 
Over longer horizons, higher starting yields should lift optimal bond allocations 
from the unusually low levels of the past five years. Higher yields improve carry and 
medium- to long-term buy-and-hold returns, while providing more cushion against 
further yield increases. This strengthens the case for higher strategic bond allocations 
than in the past 5 years, when bonds had limited value in portfolios, but mainly reflects a 
normalisation back towards the long-run optimal range of 35-55%. However, even over 
10-year horizons most of the variation across possible long-term scenarios is driven by 
equities, similar to the near term. 
Managing duration risk and convexity 
As we wrote in Balancing Innovation and Inflation in Portfolios, in the coming years 
we believe investors need to maintain exposure to innovation, protect against 
inflation and improve risk mitigation in portfolios. While longer duration bonds 
historically provided more convexity during recessions and ‘risk off’ periods, the 
potential for large declines in long-dated bond yields might be more limited in the next 
crisis, and near-term rates volatility could remain somewhat elevated. Our rates 
strategists see the largest potential for rates relief in the front end vs. forwards, pointing 
to positions in the belly of the yield curve – that said, those would offer less convexity. 
Rates receiver swaptions on shorter-dated rates can provide a more convex hedge 
for a recession, with central banks likely to remain very responsive. With front-end 
forward rates having increased strongly YTD but rates volatility somewhat anchored, the 
entry point for front-end receiver swaptions appears attractive. This is both due to the 
central bank put in the event of growth risks but also near-term potential rates relief in 
 
Exhibit 2: Energy prices and bond yields have become a 
key driver of equities 
6m rolling correlation (weekly returns) 
 
Exhibit 3: A continued sharp increase in bond yields could 
put pressure on equities 
Data since 1962 
-0.8
-0.6
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
90
92
94
96
98
00
02
04
06
08
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
Equity/10y yield correlation
Equity/oil correlation
Last 3 months
-1.0
-0.8
-0.6
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
3m correlation of S&P 500 to US 10y yield
Change in US 10-year yield from the last 3 months low / 1y rolling standard deviation
 
 
Source: Datastream, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment 
Research
 
 
Source: Datastream, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
21 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 4]
the event of lower energy prices – during previous recessions, a receiver swaption on 
short-dated rates offered higher payoffs than S&P 500 OTM puts (Exhibit 4, based on 
current pricing). Also, long curve vol expressions can hedge against the more extreme 
growth/policy tails. On the flip side, 3m put options on longer-dated bonds (TLT) could 
help protect fixed income portfolios that have already more duration risk – higher 
30-year yields allow investors to better fund put protection strategies (Exhibit 5). 
 
With bonds providing less of a buffer, diversification within equities is becoming 
more important for risk mitigation. A new diversification opportunity may now be 
with bond-like equities: correlations between the S&P 500 and both low-volatility and 
high-dividend stocks have fallen sharply, similar to during the Tech Bubble (Exhibit 6). 
This has also supported Europe, which has relatively less Tech exposure, although it 
faces other headwinds from higher gas prices and politics from here. We like a barbell 
strategy of a well-diversified portfolio of global AI-exposed stocks and high-dividend, 
low-volatility stocks. 
 
Exhibit 4: Front-end receivers look attractive as 
medium-term recession hedges 
Simulated PnL of a 12m 25-delta receiver on 1y or 2y USD rates 
and put on S&P 500 (current market price). Shaded area= US 
recession 
 
Exhibit 5: Tactically long maturity bonds with TLT puts 
appear attractive with the option-price adjusted yield 
close to the highs 
US 30y yield - annualised price of a 3m put on 20y+ USTs (TLT) 


	


















-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
08
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research
21 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 5]
 
While low-volatility and high-dividend stocks have lagged the broad market since 
the COVID-19 crisis, they have performed better relative to the market excluding 
Tech. And in Tech-driven equity drawdowns, like the Deepseek sell-off in Q1 2025 and 
the momentum unwind in July 2026, they materially outperformed. In fact, the 
proportion of stocks with a negative beta to the market has increased sharply, very 
similar to the Tech Bubble (Exhibit 7). As we recently wrote, this is in large part due to 
the growing Tech and AI dominance in equity benchmarks – after the Tech Bubble burst, 
low volatility and high dividend yield stocks were also up, with S&P 500 down 46% and 
the TMT sector down 79% (Exhibit 8). This was in part because they benefited from 
lower bond yields, but even during the 2022 drawdown without a large decline in bond 
yields, they managed to outperform materially. 
 
 
Exhibit 6: Style diversification has become more helpful, also relative to regional 
diversification 
Average 1-year rolling correlation 
0.0
0.1
0.2
0.3
0.4
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
1965
1970
1975
1980
1985
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
Style diversification
Sector diversification
Lower correlation, 
better diversification
 
Style diversification: correlation of US equity with low volatility and high DY stocks. Sector diversification: average pairwise 
correlation between US sectors. 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Haver Analytics, Kenneth French, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 7: Similar to during the Tech Bubble, the 
proportion of stocks with a negative beta has increased 
Proportion of S&P 500 stocks with a negative beta 
 
Exhibit 8: Low vol and high dividend yield stocks can 
outperform the market ex Tech on a risk-adjusted basis 
Relative excess return scaled to match the volatility of US equity 
ex TMT 
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
45%
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
3-month beta (daily returns)
1-year beta (weekly returns)





		
	
	








	
	

	
	
	





")" % *	
(%#'&+*
(!$%&% *	(%#'&+*
 
 
Source: Datastream, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
 
Source: Datastream, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment 
Research
21 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 6]
Equity-like bonds such as convertibles can provide upside exposure to equity 
through their embedded call option while having relatively low duration. As our 
credit strategy team highlighted, there has been a material pick-up in convertible 
issuance due to AI funding needs. Both during the late 1990s and around the GFC, 
convertibles outperformed vs. a 60/40 portfolio (Exhibit 9). They can outperform 
equities late cycle as they have an element of downside protection and rising volatility 
acts as a tailwind for convertible valuations because it may increase the value of the 
embedded option. As we recently illustrated, long-dated equity calls can be a very 
effective tool to tailor the risk/reward and manage equity exposure late cycle. 
 
Exhibit 9: Convertibles tend to outperform in late-cycle backdrops 
Total return relative performance (rebased to 100) 
60
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
140
150
94
96
98
00
02
04
06
08
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
US convertibles ($) vs US 60/40
Europeconvertibles(€)vsEurope60/40
Japan convertibles (¥) vs Japan 60/40
 
 
Source: Datastream, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
21 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 7]
 
Best Trade Ideas Across Assets 
For pricing and a list of previous recommendations, please visit our Trade Ideas page. 
Stay short SGD/MYR, opened January 24, 2026, at 3.13, with a target at 2.90 and a 
1.
stop at 3.30, currently trading at 3.20. 
Stay long TRY, NGN and KZT against the USD, as an equally weighted basket, opened 
2.
February 18, 2026, at 0%, with a revised total return target at 12%, and a revised 
stop at 7%, currently trading at 9.7%. 
Stay long 3y SOFR swap spread, opened April 17, 2026, at -22.6bp, with a revised 
3.
target at -12bp inclusive of carry; and a revised stop at -17.5bp, trading at -15.7bp. 
Stay short USD/EGP, opened April 24, 2026, at 0%, with a revised total return target 
4.
at 12% and a revised stop at 5%, currently trading at 6.7%. 
Stay short AUD/NZD, via 6m (14 Jan 2027) 1.1650 puts, opened July 14, 2026, at 
5.
1.2000, currently trading at 1.2448. 
Stay long NIFTY Banks vs. short NIFTY Pharma, opened July 15, 2026, at 100 in local 
6.
currency (INR), with a target at 115 and a stop at 90, currently trading at 95. 
Stay short PLN/HUF, opened August 5, 2026, at 84.12, with a target at 80.5 and a 
7.
stop at 87, currently trading at 83.46. 
Stay short EUR/AUD, opened September 4, 2026, at 1.6123, with a target at 1.5750 
8.
and a stop at 1.6520, currently trading at 1.6125. 
Stay long INR/IDR, opened September 4, 2026, at 187, with a target at 200 and a 
9.
stop at 178, currently trading at 185. 
Stay short SGD/CNH, opened September 4, 2026, at 5.29, with a target at 5.00 and a 
10.
stop at 5.50, currently trading at 5.25. 
Pay CHF 1y1y against EUR 1y1y, opened September 11, 2026, at 3.02, with a target 
11.
at 2.65 and a stop at 3.25, currently trading at 3.02. 
Receive 5Y HUF IRS, opened 17 September, at 5.5%, with a target at 4.9% and a stop 
12.
at 5.8%, currently trading at 5.6%. 
2s10s PLN IRS steepeners, opened 17 September, at 61bp, with a target at 100bp 
13.
and a stop at 45bp, currently trading at 56bp. 
Stay long in equal weight BUX Index and ASE Index vs. short PX Index, opened 17 
14.
September, at 100 in USD, with a target of 115 and a stop at 90, currently trading at 
101. 
Stay long MXMU Energy vs. Industrials, opened 17 September, at 100 in USD, with a 
15.
target at 115, and a stop at 90, currently trading at 100. 
Go short 3m30y straddles on a delta-hedged basis, opened 18 September, at 0bp, 
16.
with a target at 6bp, and a stop at -4bp. 
 
 
21 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 8]
Pay 5s on the 2s5s10s fly JGB, opened 18 September, at -8.6bp, with a target at 2bp, 
17.
and a stop at -13bp.
21 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 9]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Christian Mueller-Glissmann, CFA, Andrea Ferrario, Alessandro Giglio and Elena Porfidia, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report 
accurately reflect our personal views, which have not been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Christian Mueller-Glissmann, CFA Goldman Sachs International, Andrea Ferrario Goldman Sachs International, Alessandro Giglio 
Goldman Sachs International, Elena Porfidia Goldman Sachs International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
21 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 10]
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
21 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 11]
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
21 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 
