[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 21 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, Global Banking & Markets
21 Sep 2026
Stat of the Day
HFs net sold global Energy at the fastest pace in 4 months, driven by a roughly equal number of short and
long sales.
Retail is buying even if HF net/grosses are at the lows and "sentiment" is at the bottom
Macro GS Research:
Global Rates Outlook - The Fed’s inflation-focused message should reinforce a flattening environment
over the near-term. The strong investment and labor market backdrop is likely to keep longer-term yields
in a higher range, but it will be difficult to sustain a return to steepening until after the market gains clarity
on the extent of rate hikes—which typically only occurs around the time of the last hike. Rallies are likely
to be the lower vol outcome for the time being, and we tactically prefer selling vol on longer tenors over
duration exposure. The hawkish ECB reaction function to energy price moves offers a degree of protection
to belly forwards. We think this flattening dynamic continues in the near-term, with energy still the key
uncertainty—we recommend long EUR 1y1y vs CHF. The BoE’s Gilt-friendly QT plans helped bull-
flatten the UK curve, but the incremental policy signals point to a November hike. This should keep
flattening front-end gaps like M7M8. The message that accompanied the BoJ’s 25bp rate hike fell short of
the market’s hawkish expectations; given front-end pricing and the relative richness of 5s on the curve, we
favor paying 5y JPY on the 2s5s10s fly.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
MSFT NDR - We hosted investor meetings with Head of IR, Jonathan Neilson; and Director of IR,
Danielle Criste; in Stockholm, Zurich and London the week of 9/14. These meetings followed investor
meetings and our keynote with CFO Amy Hood in SF the week of 9/7. Our sense is that Microsoft has
made several key AI decisions in the last 3 years that are now paying off as enterprises evaluate the
importance of platform offerings in AI, including a) front loading long-dated capex – such that the
company has greater flexibility today over short-dated capex decisions; b) balancing capex allocations
between 1P applications and 3P customers – such that Copilot and MAI have improved in their quality of
outputs; c) balancing capex allocations between frontier and enterprise customers – such that all of 4Q’s
$51bn RPO increase was from enterprises (not frontier labs), and the company can be less dependent on
any one model in the evolution of the model ecosystem. Lastly, Microsoft is leveraging its multi-decade
incumbency into making AI work in enterprises, including its reputation for safety and governance (e.g.
Agent 365 bundled in E7), the ability to apply models to hill climb in enterprise environments with
business specific context, and the ramp of FDEs to support large backlog commits. We are Buy rated (on
Conviction List) and believe the key areas of discovery value will center on improvements in MAIA and
MAI, and momentum in enterprise platform go to market.


[Page 2]
Solar Energy - In the wake of a weaker than anticipated resi recovery over the near-term in conjunction
with ongoing macro headwinds (e.g. interest rates), we see a more subdued recovery for resi solar
fundamentals into year-end with risk to expectations likely persisting into a typically seasonally-weaker
1Q27 period as well. Within the resi sector, we highlight ENPH (Buy) given its higher margin profile in
conjunction with several near-term growth drivers from new product launches, though we do acknowledge
the bar appears high heading into 2027. Additionally, we acknowledge the potential valuation headwind
from rising interest rates on RUN (Buy), while we maintain a cautious view on SEDG (Sell).
YETI Investor Day - We attended the YETI Investor Day in Austin, Texas, on September 17th, 2026. At
the event, management introduced a long-term financial framework through FY30 calling for MSD-
HSD% annual sales growth, HSD-LDD% adjusted operating income growth, LDD-high teens% adjusted
EPS growth, and $1.2bn-$1.4bn of cumulative FCF. Underpinning this growth is a plan to grow
international revenue to >$1bn, scale Bags & Soft Coolers into a $1bn platform, and drive productivity
through Project Upcycle, a newly introduced cost savings program targeting $100mn in savings.
Management also reiterated its FY26 outlook.
Market Update
Equities rally to close out the week with relatively muted activity levels despite both quarterly rebalance
and todays quad-which. Shaky start to the week with Anthropic’s “Dario Doomsday” calling for a slower
pace of frontier evolution, sparking an aggressive rotation away from AI-related names and broader
Momentum. Our AI vs AI-at-risk pair has one of its worst days since DeepSeek & spread between our 3M
vs 12m Momo pairs was the widest since the 2020 election. Latest backup in yields remains a focus with
the 10yr inching back towards 5% to close out the week (although not much specific to point to behind
todays move). Rate weakness stands out despite the oil selloff into weekend, with geopolitical headlines
still relatively quiet aside from some positive talks of restoring flows to the East-West pipeline into next
week's UN General Assembly.
CALENDAR
There are no major economic data releases scheduled.
Earnings:
Pre: /
Post: /


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 21 Sep 2026.
