[Page 1]
GS Biswas - GS Credit MarketStrats Ingredients (mostly technical)
for a near term rally are shaping up 20 Sep 2026
Avishek Biswas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Credit MarketStrats
20 Sep 2026
Tomorrow : iTraxx indices will be rolling into the new (S46) series. Details of NAV/name changes and
non-dealer positioning available here. We look forward towards facilitating your roll related flows (kindly
reach out to Gamal/Ruben/Matt tomorrow).
Coming to macro and markets – ingredients (mostly technical) for a near-term rally are shaping up. Yes,
there is the ongoing question of the Middle East conflict and the follow through into energy supply and
prices. Yes, there are worries around rates price action and scope for central bank rate hikes. But a lot of
that is already priced in and (more importantly) getting reflected in sentiment/positioning.
Rates’ valuation : USD and EUR rates have already sold-off >80bps year-to-date (Graphic 2); both the
rates are at (or close to) the widest levels of the past 15y history (Graphic 3); and market is already pricing
3 or more rate hikes by the FED and ECB over the next 12 months. Rates positioning : Metrics of
positioning suggests significant short base in rates (particularly from the systematic community – Graphic
4). As per our Futures Sales Strats – “Within global rates, the systematic trend following community is
decisively short… Positioning currently sits at short $171mm DV01 globally with JGBs, Bobl, and Bunds
as the relatively largest short positions within our framework. This represents the shortest CTAs have been
since the first of April this year, prior to that you would need to look back to February 2022 to find
positioning this short”. More details here. Which is creating the risk of a short squeeze in rates. Equities
positioning : Measures of equity investor positioning are suggesting investor community running pretty
light in equities. For instance, our Sentiment Indicator (SI) currently reads at -0.92 (Graphic 5); readings
of -1.0 or lower have signalled very light positioning and have historically been a statistically significant
signal for subsequent S&P 500 performance. Equities bulls vs bears : AAIIBULL minus AAIIBEAR
indicator is at very negative levels (= suggesting investors are already bearish – increasing the risks of
short squeeze into positive catalysts) – Graphic 6.
I am mindful that rates (and hence funding costs for govt/corporates/consumers) at these levels are a
burden on economy and a medium-long term headwind for risk assets (particularly small cap equities/HY
credit/lev loans/private credit) but the above alluded to investor positioning is creating a near-term skew
towards a relief rally (whether or not it is fundamentally justified). And while headline level credit spreads
are still not “wide”, there is scope for spreads to squeeze into the next 1m-2m horizon if we see a relief
rally in equities and/or rates (which is pretty plausible in my view). From here I would be recommending
credit investors (especially those running underweight) to consider some tactical upside trades/structures
(below are my preferred expressions).
Short-dated iTraxx receivers and bull riskies : Given the steep implied vol skew, investors can buy iTraxx
receivers at historically low premiums and source levered upside exposure in credit. For zero premium


[Page 2]
construct, one can buy a 1-month expiry iTraxx Main receiver (with a strike 2.5bps away from spot) fully
funded by selling a 1-month expiry iTraxx Main payer (with a strike 10.5bps away from spot). Reach out
for specific implementations. Longer-duration EUR IG Senior Fins cash : Long duration to increase the
MtM potential (in case spreads squeeze) and Senior Fins cash given the past couple of months’ of
issuance-driven spread widening in this pocket. Example : investors can go long our EUR IG Snr Fins 5y+
(GSLCIF5Y) bond basket where one gets around 96bps of spread to benchmark (Graphic 7) and 4.36%
all-in yields.
Other topics within credit
Outperformance of hyperscalers : This space has been lately outperforming within DM credit (particularly
in USD) – Graphic 1. Since the beginning of August, I have liked this space as a pocket to be tactically
long risk – so I am definitely welcoming this rally in hyperscaler bonds. In my view this space has got
more room to rally but I would now be starting to monetize some of these gains and gradually cut down
the longs in this space as it keeps rallying (say 10% risk unwind for every 1bp rally in GSUCHS30 and
GSUCHS10 from here). EUR IG cash-CDS basis : My detailed thesis here on why I like the RV of long
risk EUR IG cash vs short risk iTraxx Main. Graphic 8 shows how the period covering September-October
has historically been a supportive period for this trade (with the exception of 2022). I continue to have
strong conviction in this trade. Xover vs Main : Compression in this RV last week which I haven’t
welcomed (given my preference for running the decomp) but I continue to like the short Xover 5y vs long
Main 10y decomp trade as my preferred bearish implementation to hedge economic downside risks from
higher rates/funding costs/energy prices given it’s entry point vs history (Graphic 9). France : Another 7-
9bps of OAT-Bund widening last week – the differential is now close to or at the widest levels of the past
10y history. Credit is also catching up to the rates price action with spread differential between French IG
bond index and generic EUR IG bond index starting to widen (Graphic 11). Interesting note from our
syndicate team – “Touching more broadly on French primary; it was more elevated than expected,
particularly in the banking sector. Issuers have begun prefunding for 2027 to get ahead of the volatility and
risk-off sentiment typically associated with French election cycles.... Looking ahead, while more French
names will likely front-run volatility, investors are increasingly demanding higher concessions where
secondaries haven't yet adjusted to the broader peer set.” Our desk has seen demand from investors trade
our French bond baskets to get exposure to this theme – reach out for basket details and pricing.
Graphic 1 => Valuation vs moves in credit
Graphic 2 => Change in USD and EUR rates in bps (year-to-date)
Graphic 3 => Past 15y history of USD and EUR rates
Graphic 4 => Estimated bond CTA/Trend positioning 1-year in DV01 $mn/bp (Source : GS Futures Sales
Strats)
Graphic 5 => GS sentiment indicator is picturing light investors positioning in equities
The Sentiment Indicator tracks investor positioning across the more than 80% of the US equity market that
is owned by institutional, retail and foreign investors. Readings of -1.0 or lower have signaled very light


[Page 3]
positioning and have historically been a statistically significant signal for subsequent S&P 500
performance.
Graphic 6 => AAIIBULL minus AAIIBEAR indicator at very negative levels (= suggesting investors are
already bearish – increasing the risks of short squeeze into positive catalysts)
Graphic 7 => Spread to benchmark of GSLCIF5Y (1-year history)
| Graphic 8 => Moves in cash-cds basis (EUR IG cash G-spread minus iTraxx Main spread) between 01st
Sep and 31st Oct over the past years XXXX | | xx Since 2019 | xx Since 2019 (excluding 2022) |
Graphic 9 => Spread ratio of iTraxx Xover 5y index to iTraxx Main 10y index
Graphic 10 => OATs idiosyncratic widening has reached significant levels
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Graphic 11 => French IG corporate bonds starting to catch up to the underperformance of OATs vs Bunds
Max loss : Unlimited. For all charts unless otherwise stated. Source: GS FICC and Equities. As of 18-Sep-
2026. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Any references to I/we/us/our refer to GS Credit MarketStrats.
For analytics on European Macro, check out our latest European Macro Credit dashboard
For analytics on US Macro, check out our latest US Macro Credit dashboard
Marquee content page


[Page 4]


[Page 5]


[Page 6]


[Page 7]


[Page 8]


[Page 9]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 20 Sep 2026.
