[Page 1]
22 September 2026, 09:23 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Consumer agents may power the next phase of 
the AI trade
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Clement Chen, Head CIO Equities APAC
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Yifan Hu, CIO Greater China and Head Macroeconomics APAC, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
Diana Na, Healthcare Sector Equity Analyst, UBS AG London Branch
Summer Xia, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Podcast: Signal over Noise| Takeaways from Silicon Valley, on Apple
and Spotify (6 mins)
Video: Mark Haefele on why the equity rally can continue (3 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why higher rates alone don't mean lower 
equities (6 mins)
Thought of the day
Tech shares rallied on Monday after media reports highlighted the rapid 
early adoption of Meta’s personal AI agent Muse. The Philadelphia 
Semiconductor Index rose 4.3%, and the optimism extended to Asia’s AI 
supply chain on Tuesday. Equity benchmarks in Taiwan and South Korea 
both closed higher.
Launched on 8 September, Muse was the most downloaded free app on 
the US Apple iOS and Google Play stores as of Monday, recording more 
than 2.5 million downloads in its first 13 days. Over an equivalent period 
following its mobile launch, Apptopia estimated 1.8 million iOS downloads 
for Muse in the US and Canada, versus 1.3 million for ChatGPT. Whether 
its leadership can last remains to be seen, with several AI labs all reportedly 
working to launch competing offerings soon.
Without taking any single-name views, Meta’s Muse provides early 
evidence that consumer AI agents could achieve broad adoption. This 
not only offers new AI monetization opportunities beyond enterprise 
application, but also underpins growing demand for computing power and 
AI infrastructure. We discuss the implications for the AI trade.
Consumer AI agents could introduce a new revenue stream through 
transaction economics. Consumer AI monetization has so far centered 
largely on subscriptions and advertising. Agents could add a third channel 
by executing transactions, such as purchasing goods, booking travel, 
  
What to watch: 23 September
• Germany, Eurozone September flash 
PMIs
• UK September flash PMIs
• US EIA crude oil stocks change
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch,
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS AG London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of 
the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Daily US
paying bills, or managing recurring services on users’ behalf. Platforms 
that facilitate these activities may be able to capture a share of transaction 
value, while task execution could also increase user engagement, retention, 
and willingness to pay. The opportunity remains at an early stage, but it 
could broaden the consumer AI revenue model from monetizing attention 
and access to monetizing actions.
The potential pathway to monetization should improve 
hyperscalers’ returns on AI investments. Wider adoption of consumer 
agents could generate revenue through transactions, subscriptions, 
and advertising, while increasing cloud utilization and engagement 
across platform ecosystems. This would provide a clearer link between 
infrastructure spending and revenue growth, helping monetization catch 
up with the substantial investment already made in computing capacity. 
Although we note that leadership at the application layer is likely to remain 
fluid. With new agents in the pipeline, platforms compete over distribution, 
proprietary data, commerce access, and customer relationships.
Higher demand for computing power should further underpin 
semiconductor and hardware leaders. Unlike conventional chatbots, 
AI agents can browse, retrieve information, plan, and execute multistep 
tasks, creating greater demand for hosted computing and inference 
capacity that is more CPU intensive. If consumer adoption strengthens, this 
should support demand across processors, memory, advanced packaging, 
substrates, servers, networking, power systems, and cooling. Rising 
capacity requirements should also support investment in semiconductor 
manufacturing equipment and data-center infrastructure. Performance 
will not be uniform, however, making diversified exposure to high-quality 
enabling technologies preferable to treating semiconductors as a single 
trade.
So, we maintain our constructive outlook on the AI trade, supported by 
rising adoption and monetization, as well as growing capital spending. We 
favor diversified exposure across the value chain, including high-quality 
semi and hardware leaders that offer strong earnings visibility and attractive 
returns on capital, as well as the largest AI spenders whose scale, diversified 
earnings streams, and growing AI monetization opportunities should 
provide resilience across a range of outcomes. Select infrastructure software 
and defensive tech companies should also offer opportunities.
Caught our attention
Markets watch Trump-Xi summit. China has formally announced 
that President Xi Jinping will make a state visit to the US from 23 to 25 
September, confirming plans for talks with US President Donald Trump 
at the White House on 24 September. The visit comes four months after 
the leaders met in Beijing and is expected to include discussions on 
trade, artificial intelligence, critical minerals, agriculture, investment, and 
geopolitical issues. Preparatory talks between senior US and Chinese 
officials over last weekend included a possible communication mechanism 
for AI-related incidents, as well as potential tariff reductions covering non-
sensitive goods. Meanwhile, reports suggest extending the existing trade 
truce, which is set to expire in November, will also be a central objective 
and be discussed. Earlier commitments covering agricultural purchases, 
market access, and other bilateral initiatives are still being implemented.
Our view: The extended visit and continuing high-level dialogue are 
constructive signals, but investors should not expect a fundamental reset 
in US-China relations. Our base case is that both sides will emphasize 
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Daily US
stability while seeking incremental cooperation in areas such as agriculture, 
logistics, non-tariff arrangements, and investment. An extension of the 
trade truce or clearer communication channels could help reduce near-
term political uncertainty, even as structural tensions around technology, 
tariffs, rare earths, and broader geopolitics remain. China’s policy priorities 
are likely to remain primarily domestic, but a summit that reinforces 
predictability in the bilateral relationship could support business confidence 
and reduce the risk of abrupt escalation.
Updates from the sidelines of the obesity-drug race. Roche this week 
said its experimental weekly injection helped people with type 2 diabetes 
and excess weight lose an average 15.5% of their body weight after 48 
weeks at the highest dose, while also substantially lowering their blood 
sugar levels. The Phase II result adds to an increasingly diverse pipeline, 
with drugmakers developing next-generation injections, longer-acting 
treatments, and oral alternatives. Competition is intensifying as the industry 
targets what we estimate could become a market reaching close to USD 
200bn in annual revenues by 2030. Investor attention will now turn to the
European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) summit for 2026, 
where Eli Lilly and Novo Nordisk are expected to present incremental data 
and updates on their pipeline of obesity treatments.
Our view: Without taking any views on individual companies or drugs, 
we welcome a wider pipeline that could further open up the long-term 
obesity-treatment opportunity. That said, we think the bar for market 
excitement has risen. We think the market is now geared to reward 
companies or drugs that can compete on higher efficacy levels, improved 
safety and tolerability (such as fewer gastrointestinal side effects), or more 
convenient oral delivery. Stepping back, expanding reimbursement in key 
markets would also help broaden access. We remain constructive on the
Longevity theme, and note that health care can add defensive qualities and 
relatively resilient earnings to portfolios. Clinical setbacks, pricing pressure, 
and reimbursement uncertainty remain key risks.
Copper pushes back toward record highs. Copper extended its rally 
for a sixth consecutive session on Tuesday, with benchmark London Metal 
Exchange prices rising above USD 14,750/mt and nearing the record set 
earlier this month. The move reflects strong physical demand in China, 
renewed speculative buying, and restocking ahead of upcoming Chinese 
holidays. Falling warehouse stocks are also supporting prices. Sentiment 
faces its next test with this week’s Trump-Xi leaders' meeting, where 
markets will look for signals on trade ties and the global growth outlook.
Our view: While uncertainty over potential US refined copper tariffs could 
renew volatility, the underlying copper market remains tight. Constrained 
mine production, stronger Chinese import demand, and falling inventories 
outside the US point to a growing shortfall in supply, while AI infrastructure 
and electrification should support longer-term demand. We remain 
constructive on copper and would view any near-term weakness as a 
buying opportunity. Broader commodity exposure can help diversify 
portfolios and provide access to long-term growth trends, while active 
management may help limit the impact of sharp price swings in any single 
commodity.
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Daily US
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Daily US
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
