[Page 1]
GS Garber - GS Global Equities Call 22 Sep 2026
Chloe Garber  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Tue 22 Sep 2026, 7:11am ET
Here's what we're focused on this morning:
US futures quiet (SPX +10bps // NDX +10bps // RTY +50bps) after a strong AI lead rally yday (AI Semis
+5%, AI Software Infrastructure +4.8%, NeoClouds +6%, Mag7 +3.2%, High Beta TMT Momentum Pair
+1.7%...SMH -25bps pre-mkt, META -30bps pre-mkt).
Overnight news focused on Middle East optimism after a report from Japan's Kyodo that Iran apparently
offered to reopen Hormuz within 7 days if US takes initial steps toward easing military pressure and RTRS
reporting an Iranian senior official said the Iranian delegation in New York has full authority to revive
diplomacy with the US. Saudi Arabia restarted its East-West pipeline and said that they are preparing to
resume oil exports from Yanbu Port today which is also helping Crude retreat (WTI -2.6% @ $93.30)
along with UST yields (2yr -3bps @ 4.715% // 10yr -2.5bps @ 4.925% // 30yr -2bps @ 5.265%).
Trump is scheduled to address the UN General Assembly today (~10am EST) along with meeting various
Gulf officials in the afternoon. Elsewhere, Macro: US API Crude Inventories, Eurozone consumer
confidence, UN General Assembly annual general debate, US Treasury Market Conference at NY Fed,
Trump speaking at UN General Assembly @ 9:55 AM, Trump meeting UK's Burnham @ 11:45 AM,
Trump meeting Japan's Takaichi @ 12:30 PM, $69bn 2yr auction @ 1 PM, Trump meeting Ukraine's
Zelenskyy @ 1:15 PM // Fed: Williams (Voter, 10:05 AM), Jefferson (Voter, 10:20 AM), Barkin (non-
voter, 1 PM) // Micro: ONON, FSLY, PATH Investor Days, Bank of America Financials CEO Conference
(through 9/24), JPM All Stars Conference (through 9/24), EPS Pre: AZO
Privo on Risk: Yesterday felt like proper FOMO (spot up vol up...in NDX)... after weeks where everybody
has been sitting around worrying about energy, rates, AI capex, politics and everything else. Ok in
fairness, I took a couple chips off in that NDX move but generally constructive view hasn't changed. The
inference economy looks like it is accelerating and I'd expect every major provider to ship some version of
Muse. Hard to believe the end state is one dominant personal agent. At the frontier you still have likely
releases coming from the major labs and the broader direction remains one way. The original investment
case for frontier AI was ultimately that intelligence gets dramatically better. I don't see evidence that thesis
has broken. So maybe the second order trade is simpler than we're making it: long bottlenecks, rails,
proprietary data and genuine differentiation. avoid economic rents derived from human friction. Big
picture spending economy rages on. high nominal growth, embedded inflation, higher real rates and very
little room for defensives if the growth impulse keeps holding. Stay cautiously optimistic on an oil
resolution. Watch the front end and belly of real rates. Biggest confirmation from here would be the
cyclical impulse finally turning higher alongside tech. Watching Williams today
WHAT WE'RE WATCHING:
Global Views: Lower Inflation, Limited Hikes


[Page 2]
- We see three fundamental reasons for the Fed's hawkish turn, which has upended our prior forecast of no
hikes this year. First, renewed escalation risks in the Middle East have driven up the prices of crude oil and
especially refined products , with diesel and jet fuel back to the 2022 highs. Second, the activity news has
beaten expectations, with real GDP growth tracking 3.3% in Q3 and nonfarm payrolls rising 162k in
August. Third, the August CPI and PPI data suggest that core PCE rose 0.27% last month, somewhat
above pre-CPI expectations.
- While the quarterly numbers fluctuate, underlying US GDP growth remains near its 2.3% potential and
thus consistent with a stable labor market. The US economy is bifurcated, with strength among upper-
income consumers and AI-exposed sectors-including firms that benefit from the data center buildout-but
slow growth elsewhere. And despite the stronger-than-expected August retail sales report, we still expect
consumer spending to soften because of slow nominal wage growth, higher gas prices, and the waning tax
refund boost.
- Despite the sequential pickup in August, we estimate that core PCE inflation has slowed to a 2.5%
annualized pace over the last three months (including the impact of the likely revisions). This slowdown
mostly reflects the waning impulses from tariff pass-through, energy pass-through, software/accessories
price hikes, and portfolio management charges. With fundamental inflation pressures from forces such as
unit labor costs and housing costs also benign-if anything, more benign than in most other advanced
economies-we expect a further deceleration to 2.2% year-on-year by 2027Q4.
- Not only did the committee hike 25bp without dissents, but 16 out of 18 participants-Chairman Warsh
again didn't submit a dot-signaled at least one more hike by yearend. We expect that hike to come at the
October 27-28 meeting. Although this is the week before the midterm election, the second hike is probably
less problematic from a political perspective than the first one. And there is little precedent in modern
FOMC history for skipping meetings before elections; most strikingly, the committee hiked by 75bp six
days before the 2022 midterms.
Pressure on US Housing and Consumption
Source: National Association of Home Builders, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment
Research
Temporary Inflation Drivers Are Starting to Diminish
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Our Probability-Weighted Fed Call Remains Below Market Pricing
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
GS Weekly Execution Insights & Analytics
- $1.6tn traded on Friday's S&P Rebalance, a (14%) decline relative to last quarter's record $1.9tn during
the Q2 2026 rebalance; however, Friday represented the 5th largest notional traded in a single session ever
for U.S. Equities. Looking at total shares traded on the day, the Q3 2026 rebalance saw 26.5bn shares
transact, (23%) lower than Q2 2026, though the share count represented the 10th highest total share


[Page 3]
volume in a single session ever for U.S equities. Friday's elevated share volume was propelled in part by
heightened closing auction activity, with 26.2% of the day's volume traded on the 4:00 PM bell, the
highest S &P rebalance % on the close in 2026.
- Major index rebalances across both the S&P and Russell complexes are increasingly important drivers of
market activity. All four trading sessions which surpassed Friday by notional transacted were recent
rebalances; the prior three S&P rebalances (Q4 2025 - Q2 2026) surpassed Friday's $1.6tn, along with the
H1 2026 Russell rebalance. GS studies intraday volume profiles on atypical trading days and adjusts its
equities algorithm suite accordingly, including by accounting for the percentage of activity expected on the
opening and closing auctions.
US ECONOMICS ANALYST: A Broader Energy Shock
- Our commodities strategists expect crude oil prices to decline to $85/barrel by the end of the year and
$75 by the end of 2027 under the assumption that Gulf supply adaptation continues with production
gradually recovering by 2027H2 to pre-war levels, with price risks skewed to the upside. They expect
refined product prices to decline a more moderate 10% on average by the end of the year and another 10-
15% on average by the end of 2027 to levels reached earlier this summer. The recent increases in energy
prices will increase and prolong the passthrough to consumer prices.
- We expect higher energy and other commodity costs to boost monthly core PCE inflation by 3-5bp
through the end of the year, less than in the spring. We estimate that higher energy and other commodity
prices have boosted year-over-year core PCE inflation by about 35bp so far and that another 15bp is yet to
come under our baseline energy forecast, roughly double the impact we would have expected if energy
prices had remained at their June and July levels. In total, this implies that energy and other commodity
cost passthrough would account for just under half of the overshoot of the 2% target implied by our 3.1%
end-2026 core PCE forecast.
Since the Start of the Iran War, US Refined Product Prices Have Risen More Than Their Historical
Relationship with Oil Prices Would Suggest
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, ICE
Under Our Commodity Strategists' Forecasts for Oil and Refined Product Prices, We Expect Year-over-
Year PCE Energy Inflation to Remain at Around 15% Through the End of the Year Before Falling to 3% in
March as Base Effects Kick in
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Department of Commerce
STANDOUTS FROM YESTERDAY:
Flows: Our desk was a 3/10 from an activity level perspective, finishing -22bps better for SALE. Asset
managers finished $779mm better to buy with demand in tech, communication services, and macro
products vs. supply in consumer discretionary and consumer staples. Hedge Funds finished $974mm better
for sale with supply in macro products and energy vs. demand in communication services, tech, and
financials.


[Page 4]
Chart of the day: Two great charts from BG: 1) meta mkt cap 1d change ... +192bn // 2) 1 month realized
correlation between 12m vs 3m momentum pair has collapsed
EARNINGS: EPS Pre: AZO
**GS RATING AND CONVICTION LIST CHANGES:
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Source: Trade the News, Street Account, Bloomberg, GIR, GS GMD


[Page 5]


[Page 6]


[Page 7]


[Page 8]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 22 September 2026.
