[Page 1]
GS Crook - GS MORNING: 1) NBH Preview, 2) US Inflation Path,
3) US Equities Update, 4) Brandon Brown Views and 5) KRW
Update 22 Sep 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Tue 22 Sep 2026, 3:53am ET
GS MORNING: 1) NBH Preview, 2) US Inflation Path, 3) US Equities Update, 4) Brandon Brown Views
and 5) KRW Update 22 September 2026 | 3:53 AM Eastern Daylight Time
Highlights from GS Research, Trading and Sales: 1) NBH Preview, 2) US Inflation Path, 3) US Equities
Update, 4) Brandon Brown Views and 5) KRW Update
1) NBH Today
BOTTOM LINE: After three consecutive 25bp rate cuts, we expect the MNB to hold rates and announce a
lower inflation target of 2.5% today (currently 3%, with a 1% band, and the highest in the EU). We are in
line with consensus and expect the MNB hold its base rate at +5.50%. The decision will be today, at 1pm
BST. We think a dovish surprise would be the target left unchanged, or discussion of imminent resumption
of cuts. A hawkish surprise would be target revised to 2%, or a signal that 2% is the eventual end point.
CEEMEA ECON (DALY) Following August’s meeting, Governor Varga stated that the Bank will conduct
a "multi-step review" of its inflation target and will publish the results in Autumn. More recently, media
reports citing an MNB official suggested the Bank is set to lower the target from 3.0% to 2.5% at the
September meeting, while pausing policy easing at this meeting to assess the market reaction to the change
in target. Reflecting this guidance, we expect the Bank to temporarily pause its cutting cycle at the
upcoming meeting. Looking beyond the short term, we maintain our view that the outlook for Hungarian
rates is more dovish than market pricing implies, and that the market has overreacted to potential inflation
risks.
FX STRATEGY (ALVES) Three key elements we will be focused on for the MNB meeting. First, the
inflation target revision, it's widely expected the target will be lowered from 3% to 2.5%. We think this is
HUF positive as growing inflation differentials help explain the long-run trend higher in EUR/HUF.
Second, the September Inflation Report and whether the new inflation projections allow for further cuts
after this week. In the June report, the MNB saw 2026 inflation at 1.8%. Oil prices have increased since,
but June-August inflation was lower than expected. Third, forward guidance, which currently states that
the future path of rates will depend on this Inflation Report. Throughout, we will be looking for signals of
the MNB’s sensitivity to the Forint and how this may have shifted relative to the summer.
FX TRADING (VASIADIS) After delivering 3 cuts over summer, expect NBH to keep rates unchanged
with more cautious stance. They will likely note the increased offshore inflationary risks (higher energy,
Russia geopolitical threat). Important to see their inflation forecast where a lower target is expected. In


[Page 2]
terms of FX, we continue to like fading the moves above 365 in EURHUF remaining bullish HUF over
medium term. Our preference is to keep short PLNHUF which provides more protection against a Russia
escalation.
EM VOL TRADING (OZER) Flows in HUF have generally been quite light. Some of that is likely a
function of people running out of premium to spend, some of it is people feeling pain in local rates, and
some of it obviously a function of just reduced conviction going into winter with Nat gas and crude prices
where they are. What little new interest we see for downside is either strictly low premium gamma
downside (presumably for the sake of people not wanting to stop into a potential break lower) or mid-
dated leveraged downside (to get budget announcement that is stated to take place sometime around mid-
October)
CHART 1: The trend higher in EUR/HUF spot and fair value tracks closely the increase in relative prices
between Hungary and the Euro Area
2) US ECONOMICS (RINDELS) A Broader Energy Shock
BOTTOM LINE: Brent oil prices have rebounded from an average of $85/barrel in June and July to $100
today, and a key feature of this year's energy shock is that prices of refined products such as diesel and jet
fuel have risen disproportionately due to disruptions to refining capacity. Our commodities strategists
expect crude to decline to $85/barrel by end-2026 and $75 by end-2027, with refined product prices
declining a more moderate 10% on average by year-end and another 10-15% by end-2027. We expect
higher energy and other commodity costs to boost monthly core PCE inflation by 3-5bp through the end of
the year, less than in the spring. We estimate higher energy and commodity prices have boosted year-over-
year core PCE inflation by about 35bp so far and that another 15bp is yet to come under our baseline,
roughly double the impact we would have expected if energy prices had remained at their June and July
levels. This implies energy and commodity cost passthrough would account for just under half of the
overshoot of the 2% target implied by our 3.1% end-2026 core PCE forecast.
Inflation Path: We expect year-over-year PCE energy inflation to remain at around 15% through the end of
this year before base effects imply a sharp drop-off to 3% in March. Higher diesel prices should boost
food prices by 0.2-0.4% cumulatively over the coming months, and we now expect year-over-year PCE
food inflation to remain around 1.8% over the rest of the year. Taken together, this should keep year-over-
year headline PCE inflation at around 3.5% through the end of the year, before easing to 2.5% in March
2027 and 2.0% by May.
CHART 1: We Expect Core PCE Inflation to Decline to 2.3% by Mid-2027 and 2.2% by the End of Next
Year
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Department of Commerce
3) US EQUITY DERIVATIVE SALES (COPPERSMITH) Tougher Internals
With risk bid yesterday, see below a well-timed note from Lee Coppersmith, US Equity Derivative Sales.
Key points and charts outlined, with the full link.


[Page 3]
CHART 1: Client performance shows some challenge in Equity Markets: the GS Equity Fundamental L/S
Performance Estimate fell -1.02% between 9/11 and 9/17 versus +0.35% for MSCI World TR, driven by
-0.95% of alpha on the back of long-side losses and another -0.07% from beta
Source: GS FICC and Equities
CHART 2: Breadth has become another pretty clear indication of how much harder the tape has been than
the headline index suggests – only 31% of S&P stocks are now above the 50-day moving average
Source: Bloomberg
CHART 3: Our GS Sentiment Indicator - an aggregate measure of US equity positioning - fell to -0.9, its
lowest level in over a year
Source: GS FICC and Equities
4) TREASURIES TRADING (BROWN) Views From the Treasury Desk
BOTTOM LINE: We think front end pricing is fair, the trajectory of the curve should continue to be
flatter, and inflation data will need to show improvement towards the Fed’s target for October or
December meeting to see the rate held steady.
Front End: At last week’s FOMC press conference, Warsh wasted no time in expressing a more hawkish
view of policy than was expected. “I would be hard-pressed to describe broad financial conditions as
restrictive. This view was widely shared by the Committee. So we removed a dose of accommodation.”
Alongside a hawkish tone throughout the presser, the dots showed at least one more hike this year from all
but two participants. Given Warsh’s hawkishness and dots clearly showing more hikes to come, we likely
need weak inflation data this month to hold rates steady at the October meeting. Looking out the curve, the
market prices 60 bps of hikes between now and March meeting. While cuts are off the table near term, the
distribution of outcomes on the right side is wider after a more hawkish Fed that is officially in motion.
Until we start getting weaker inflation data, we think it will be difficult for the market to price much less.
On the flipside, if oil prices resume their march higher, it will be difficult for the market to draw a line in
the sand as to how much hike premium is too much.
Long End: Larger buybacks in the long end have worked alongside a hawkish Fed to pressure the broader
curve flatter. The second long end buyback since the increase will be announced on Wednesday and occur
on Thursday. An envelope of 6bn should continue to make it difficult for any curve steepening.
Additionally, we will be watching to see what percentage of the envelope is filled. If most or all of a 6bn
envelope is filled, we would expect the buybacks to have significant impact on curve shape, and continue
to richen the 20y sector.
CHART 1: US 2s30s
Source: Marquee MarketView
5) EM MARKET STRATS (SUN LU) KRW Update


[Page 4]
BOTTOM LINE: We think USDKRW is likely to stay in a range of 1350-1400 for now with the KOSPI
rebound. If KOSPI continues to charge higher after breaking 7000, we think USDKRW is likely bottomed
at 1350 (together with govt’s indication of being content with KRW level at 1350), and range 1350-1400.
If USDKRW trades close to 1400, we expect govt to encourage exporters to convert more USDand smooth
market (we note Korea’s FX reserve jumped US$15bn in Aug, indicating more bullets for smoothing).
Meanwhile, if equity rally becomes fiercer and takes out previous highs, we think USDKRWmay test to
break 1400 again. If KOSPI momentum becomes muted, we think 1300-1400 is likely the range for
USDKRW, expecting BOK reserve accumulation below 1300.
Equity Impact Math: With current US$1.6tn foreign ownership in Korea equities, each 1% rally in KOSPI
increases market cap owned by foreigners by US$16bn; estimated average FX hedge ratio is 10%, this
means each 1% rally in KOSPI leads to US$1.6bn increase in RHS hedging demand in USDKRW. For the
2x Hynix and Samsung leverage ETF listed in HK: total AUM is now US$6bn, much smaller than peak of
US$21bn. Each 1% rally in Samsung and Hynix expands PnL related RHS hedges by US$120mn
(2*1%*US$6bn), quite moderate now. Rebal outflows: Currently the combined concentration in
Samsung+Hynix in MSCI Korea is at 64%, still below the peak of 67% seen in late Jun. We thus expect
rebal related outflow may only re-emerge when previous high in concentration is surpassed. If the
concentration passes previous peak, we expect each 1% increase in Samsung+Hynix concentration to lead
to US$2bn rebal outflow.
Monthly Flow Math: With US$35bn trade surplus per month, assuming a 75% conversion ratio, this
translates into US$26bn/month exporter USD selling. FDI+NPS outbound investment is ~US$7bn per
month. Retail equity outflow is now close to US$4bn/month. For NPS buy back hedges we assume US$4-
8bn per month. Unhedged WGBI inflow US$2.5bn per month till Nov. This gives us US$9.5-US$13.5bn
surplus per month for the near term.
CHART 1: Samsung & Hynix Combined Weight in MSCI Korea is Still Below Peak Seen End-June
Source: GS FICC & Equities
CHART 2: Combined Retail and Foreign Korea Equity Flows (USD bn, positive value means inflow)
Source: Marquee MarketView


[Page 5]


[Page 6]


[Page 7]


[Page 8]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 22 September 2026.
