[Page 1]
What happened in August
The US-Iran conflict showed no signs of final resolution, reinforcing concerns 
about sustained inflation from high energy prices. Long-maturity core 
government bond prices were under pressure as yields remained high. 
Japanese debt performed the worst, while the US and UK did better than the 
euro area. The move by the US Treasury to repurchase billions of long-dated US 
debt may have helped contain volatility but did not pull yields down. Yield 
curves mostly flattened, with short-term yields moving up on rising expectations 
of central bank rate hikes. In currency markets, the US dollar weakened against 
major peers, with commodity-linked currencies performing well. Emerging 
market debt and corporate credit outperformed, especially high yield. 
Our take and investment implications
We are now in an era of tighter money. The first half of September was 
punishing for ultra-long government bonds as yields rose to multi-year highs. 
The European Central Bank lifted its key interest rate by 25 basis points to 
2.50% and raised its inflation forecast just as oil prices jumped again above 
USD 100 a barrel. Bond investors seemed unfazed by the US Treasury’s market 
interventions in August and September. The 10-year Treasury yield has been 
nearing 5% and the 30-year yield is hovering just under 5.4%.
Yet today’s yields only appear elevated when compared with suppressed levels 
since the 2008 global financial crisis. For many investors, the last two decades 
are the benchmark, but core government bond yields are below long-run 
averages. We may be witnessing a regime change rather than a bond market 
crisis – a new regime characterised by inflation risks, expanding fiscal deficits 
and fiercer competition for capital between government and the tech giants 
funding the AI infrastructure buildout. 
The good news is that bonds are less overvalued than before. It is also 
reassuring that the end of easy money seems to have arrived in an orderly 
fashion. The US 10-year Treasury yield has mostly traded within a range of 
around 90 basis points since the start of the second Trump administration. For a 
market supposedly facing existential threats, that is a remarkably disciplined 
outcome. Of course, there is still plenty to keep us alert (see What to watch, 
page 3). And, importantly, this new market environment requires a different 
way of managing bonds than during the time of artificially suppressed rates.
Fixed Income Forward
SEPTEMBER 2026
Georgios Georgiou
Head Fixed Income 
Product Specialists
Key takeaways
•
Rising government bond yields 
reflect a shift away from the era 
of ultra-low interest rates 
towards a new regime of 
tighter money, driven by 
inflation risks, fiscal deficits and 
fierce competition for capital.
•
Fixed income investors are 
once again being paid to own 
bonds. As bond yields rise, they 
become more appealing 
relative to equities.
•
Floating rate notes may be 
particularly attractive given 
that their coupons adjust 
upwards as interest rates rise. 
We also favour emerging 
market debt and Asian high 
yield credit.
Bonds just got cheaper
“I don't think a 10-year bond yield of 5% is that unusual.“ – Mervyn King, ex-Governor of the Bank of England
Jenny Zeng
CIO Fixed Income


[Page 2]
2
FIXED INCOME FORWARD  | SEPTEMBER 2026
CHART OF THE MONTH
Local currency bonds help to drive rise in emerging market debt
Source: Allianz 
Global Investors, 
Bloomberg, JP 
Morgan, Bank of 
America, Bank for 
International 
Settlements, 11 
September 2026.
For fixed income investors, a world of higher yields is not necessarily a bad thing; 
they are once again getting paid to own bonds. That should motivate an increase 
in bond allocations from a relatively low base currently. And the higher bond 
yields rise, the more appealing they get relative to and as a complement to 
equities. Traditional diversification has become harder since 2020 as in many 
cases bonds and stocks moved in tandem during sharp selloffs. However, the 
main culprits for that have been unexpected inflation flare-ups, as well as a 
market behaving as if 5% yields are something unusual. As the “higher-for-longer” 
regime gets more entrenched, we expect bonds to reassert their hedging quality.
Higher yields and the compounding income they provide can act as a cushion for 
equity market volatility. In a reflationary world with higher interest rates, 
floating rate notes issued largely by financial institutions are attractive given 
that the coupons they pay adjust upwards as interest rates rise. We also favour 
emerging market debt and Asian high yield credit, not only for their high all-in 
yields, but because the underlying sovereign or corporate credit fundamentals 
are healthy or improving – and have little reliance on the AI momentum trade. 
We continue to shun big outright bets on the direction of core government bond 
yields, preferring to trade tactically around yield differentials across countries 
and maturities. For both credit and rates, we believe this environment lends itself 
to strategies free of geographical and sector biases. As we have highlighted, the 
important question is no longer where Treasury yields will be next month, but how 
portfolios should adapt to a world in which capital is no longer free.
The important 
question is no 
longer where 
Treasury yields will 
be next month, but 
how portfolios 
should adapt to a 
world in which 
capital is no 
longer free.
”
Despite rising US Treasury yields generally acting as a pressure point for emerging market debt, the asset class has stood its 
ground. Underlying sovereign and corporate credit fundamentals are healthy or improving, with little reliance on AI 
momentum. According to the Institute of International Finance, foreign investors put more than USD 214 billion into emerging 
market debt this year to July, up from around USD 178 billion in the same period last year. Historically, it was hard currency 
debt that dominated flows, but local currency debt is experiencing a renaissance, backed by a weaker US dollar, attractive 
local rates and growing confidence in the stability of emerging economies. Many emerging markets now fund themselves 
largely through domestic debt markets, reducing reliance on more volatile external (hard currency) financing.
 -
 10
 20
 30
 40
 50
 60
 70
 80
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Hard currency government bonds
Hard currency corporate bonds
Local currency government bonds
Number of countries (right axis)
Total emerging market debt outstanding
USD trillions


[Page 3]
1
2
3
3
FIXED INCOME FORWARD  | SEPTEMBER 2026
FIXED INCOME FORWARD  |  WHAT TO WATCH
Japanese 
yields
We expect the Bank of Japan to raise 
rates in September, and then perhaps 
once more this year. The yield on 10-
year Japanese government bonds has 
risen to a three-decade high of above 
3%. As inflation and rates in the 
country continue to normalise, the role 
of Japanese investors as anchor 
buyers of global bonds may diminish 
as they start to look for higher returns 
closer to home.
Federal 
Reserve
The US central bank is scheduled to 
meet on 15-16 September to decide 
whether to raise rates or keep them 
on hold again. Chairman Kevin Warsh 
struck a more hawkish tone at the 
annual Jackson Hole gathering of 
central bankers in late August, 
seeking to reinforce his inflation-
fighting credibility. We think a rate 
hike is all but certain given that the 
bank is unlikely to base a decision on 
any single data point.
AI
IPOs
Higher bond yields have come at a 
crucial moment for artificial 
intelligence (AI) public listings, as 
Anthropic gears up for its initial public 
offering (IPO) which could value the AI 
assistant and large language model 
Claude at USD 2 trillion. While a late-
September or October listing is in the 
works, any material delay or a 
downgrade in expected valuations 
would be a sign of more restrictive 
financial conditions taking a bite.
FIXED INCOME MARKET PERFORMANCE
Source: Bloomberg, ICE BofA and JP Morgan indices; Allianz Global Investors, data as at 3 September 2026. Index returns in USD-hedged except for Euro 
indices (in EUR). Asian and emerging-market indices represent USD denominated bonds. Yield-to-worst adjusts down the yield-to-maturity for corporate 
bonds which can be “called away” (redeemed optionally at predetermined times before their maturity date). Effective duration also takes into account
the effect of these “call options”. The information above is provided for illustrative purposes only, it should not be considered a recommendation to 
purchase or sell any particular security or strategy or as investment advice. Past performance, or any prediction, projection or forecast, is not indicative of 
future performance. Index returns reflect the reinvestment of income dividends and capital gains, if any, but do not reflect fees, brokerage commissions 
or other expenses of investing. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
3
Indicative market indices
Data as at 3 September 2026
Total return
year-to-date 2026
(%)
Total return
August 2026
(%)
Yield-
to-worst
(%)
Effective 
duration
(years)
Global convertible bonds
14.52
0.73
-2.0
1.6
Asian high yield
5.20
1.08
7.6
3.2
US floating-rate notes
2.96
0.36
4.2
0.0
Global emerging-market sovereign bonds
2.70
0.89
7.2
6.2
US high yield
2.56
0.99
7.3
3.0
Euro high yield
1.60
0.32
5.8
3.0
US Treasury bonds 1-3 years
1.03
0.22
4.3
1.7
Euro government bonds 1-3 years
0.25
0.04
3.0
2.0
Global aggregate
0.13
0.10
4.1
6.3
Global government bonds AAA-AA
0.10
-0.18
3.8
7.1
Asian investment grade
0.01
0.33
5.5
4.6
Euro investment grade
-0.05
-0.25
3.9
4.5
US aggregate
-0.37
0.39
5.0
6.0
US investment grade
-0.59
0.43
5.5
6.8
Euro aggregate
-0.83
-0.47
3.6
6.2


[Page 4]
Investing involves risk. The value of an investment and the income from it may fall as well as rise and investors might not get back the full amount 
invested.
Past performance does not predict future returns. If the currency in which the past performance is displayed differs from the rrency of the 
country in which the investor resides, then the investor should be aware that due to the exchange rate fluctuations the performance shown may be 
higher or lower if converted into the investor’s local currency.
This is for information only and not to be construed as a solicitation or an invitation to make an offer to buy or sell any securities. The views and 
opinions expressed herein, which are subject to change without notice, are those of the issuer or its affiliated companies at e time of publication. 
The data used is derived from various sources and assumed to be accurate and reliable at the time of publication, but it has not been 
independently verified; its accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed and no liability is assumed for any direct or consequential losses arising 
from its use, unless caused by gross negligence or willful misconduct. The duplication, publication, extraction or transmission of the contents, 
irrespective of the form, is not permitted, except for the case of explicit permission by Allianz Global Investors.
This material has not been reviewed by any regulatory authorities.
This document is being distributed by the following Allianz Global Investors companies: In Australia, this material is presented by Allianz Global 
Investors Asia Pacific Limited (“AllianzGI AP”) and is intended for the use of investment consultants and other institutional/professional investors only, 
and is not directed to the public or individual retail investors. AllianzGI AP is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients in Australia. 
AllianzGI AP is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Foreign Financial Service License under the Corporations Ac 
 
Cth) pursuant to 
ASIC Class Order (CO 03/1103) with respect to the provision of financial services to wholesale clients only. AllianzGI AP is licensed and regulated by 
Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws, which differ from Australian laws; in the European Union, b 
llianz Global 
Investors GmbH, an investment company in Germany, authorized by the German Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and is 
authorized and regulated in South Africa by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority; in the UK, by Allianz Global Investors (UK) Ltd. company number 
11516839, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA); in Switzerland, by Allianz Global Investors (Schweiz) AG, authorised by 
the Swiss financial markets regulator (FINMA); in HK, by Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Ltd., licensed by the Hong Kon 
ecurities and Futures 
Commission; in Singapore, by Allianz Global Investors Singapore Ltd., regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore [Company Registration No. 
199907169Z]; in Japan, by Allianz Global Investors Japan Co., Ltd., registered in Japan as a Financial Instruments Business Operator [Registered No. 
The Director of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Business Operator), No. 424], Member of Investment Management Association of 
Japan and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association; In mainland China, it is for Qualified Domestic Institutional Investors scheme pursuant to 
applicable rules and regulations and is for information purpose only; in Taiwan, by Allianz Global Investors Taiwan Ltd., licensed by Financial 
Supervisory Commission in Taiwan; in Indonesia, by PT. Allianz Global Investors Asset Management Indonesia licensed by Indonesia Financial Services 
Authority (OJK); and in the Abu Dhabi Global Market by Allianz Global Investors Middle East Limited, which is authorised and  
ulated by the ADGM 
Financial Services Regulatory Authority.
September 2026
AdMaster 5921185
FIXED INCOME FORWARD  | SEPTEMBER 2026
MACS-P-22981317
