[Page 1]
OR Peters - wknd notes 13 Sep 2026
Eric Peters  ·  One River Asset Management  ·  Chief Investment Officer
Sun 13 Sep 2026, 6:17pm ET
Hope all goes well… “My wife talks to this goddamn thing all day long, it’s like her best friend,” grunted
Bulldog. “So now it’s the two of them teaming up against me in every conversation, I’m playing man
down defense at all times,” he growled. “She even named the thing. Clara. Says it’s short for Clarity. So
now I gotta argue with my wife and a computer; definition of hell.” I didn’t interrupt; Dawg was on a roll.
“But every so often I catch a mistake. So, I tell my wife, ‘Hey, hold on, you two got that wrong, you need
to go do a deep dive,’ and usually, by the time Clara figures it out, my wife gets distracted by something
else. That’s my only winning strategy left.”
*Overall:* “The measures I propose to advance the frontier at a safe pace will not be easy. But I believe
we owe it to humanity to try,” wrote Dario Amodei today, Saturday, and it made me laugh out loud. His
open letter here proposed a more cautious path to continue the most expensive infrastructure buildout in
human history, while minimizing the probability that his artificially intelligent creation murders us all. He
really does owe it to humanity to at least try. I made the most of my August in Wyoming, and that was
before Dario lifted the odds that it might be my last. Got some altitude on me, family time, some solitude,
and did plenty of fishing, shooting, handguns, shotguns, rifles. Real tail hedges. Before Dario dropped his
bomb, I’d planned to return to my writing with an overall section covering a lighter topic: financial
repression. President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen, announced that the 10 trillion
euros of savings parked in the EU’s banking system is lazy. Having never held a private sector job in her
67 years, she has nevertheless devised a plan to push her peasants out of their bank deposits into riskier
assets at the 100th percentile in trailing equity returns in over a century. Her speech seemed to attribute
Europe’s chronic lethargy to a lack of funding for entrepreneurs. No in Europe one even listened, it was
summer. Bessent went berserk. Fun to watch. He bought cheap Japanese yen and US long bonds. This is
the beginning of US financial repression. But if Dario fails to save humanity from the creature of his own
creation, nothing matters. And if we somehow kick the catastrophe can down the road, productivity will
rise, lifting prosperity and with it our ability to service the extraordinary debts that neither party is willing
to pare. The real risk is that something goes wrong with AI, the economy tanks, deficits blow out, and
financial repression kicks into high gear globally.
*Dawg:* “Usually, bonds are right and stocks are wrong. This time they’re both wrong,” barked Bulldog.
“The economy is slowing. Gas, diesel and high mortgage rates are to blame,” he grunted. “We always say
don’t fight the Fed. Now everyone’s fighting both the Fed and Treasury. And Bessent’s a baller.” I smiled.
“You know, Senator Tillis asked Bessent on TV if he threatened to punch Bill Pulte. And he said, ‘No, I
said I was going to kick his ass.’ And now everyone is max short bonds. When this market turns, yields are
going to absolutely tank.”
*Dawg II:* “There’s so much bad news that should’ve pushed stocks down,” grunted Dawg, one of the
great trading talents. “The fact they’re still here tells you they still have plenty of Baby Boomers to suck


[Page 2]
in.” I nodded. “So, I’m staying nosebleed long until I see some sign. Still thinking we get something that
looks like the 1989 blow-off top in Japan. Then it’s good night. We won’t see those highs again for a
generation or two.” Japan’s stock market fell 82% and it took the Nikkei 34 years to reclaim the 1989
highs. “I’m going to have fun smashing the bid.”
*Lone Star:* “It’s starting to feel like we have maybe 12 months left on the chip front,” said Lone Star,
one of our nation’s top performing endowment CIOs. “But after that, growth slows, and the market is not
remotely prepared for what comes next.” A moderate recession would likely lift the budget deficit to 9-
10% of GDP and increase gov’t debt by 10-12% over 2yrs. A severe recession (like 2008) would see the
deficit jump to 13-15% of GDP and debt rise by 15-20%. “We’ve been fully invested since 2022, and now
we’re starting to stockpile cash as it flows back in.”
*Cassandras:* Richard A. Clarke and R.P. Eddy wrote a book in 2017 titled,Warnings: Finding Cassandras
to Stop Catastrophes. The first half contians case studies of past Cassandras who were right and ignored:
Charles Allen,the CIA officer who warned of Saddam's invasion of Kuwait; the seismologist/geologist
who flagged the Fukushima seawall; Ivor van Heerden on the New Orleans levees before Katrina;
Meredith Whitney on the banks before 2008; and others.
*Cassandras II:* From these, Clarke and Eddy build what they call the “Cassandra Coefficient” - a
diagnostic with four parts: the nature of the threat (low-probability, high-consequence, novel, so no
institutional memory), the character of the warner (usually a data-driven expert with direct personal
knowledge, often awkward, high on what they call “sentinel intelligence”), the decision-makers (diffusion
of responsibility, “initial occurrence syndrome” - nobody believes something that has never happened),
and critics (who attack the messenger rather than the data).
*Cassandras III:* “Often it is not clear whose job it is to detect the warning, evaluate it, and decide to act.
The U.S. President or the CEO of a corporation might be the person who could order action, but there may
not be a general understanding of who should take the issue to them,” wrote Clarke and Eddy. “Who owns
it? Frequently, no one wants to own an issue that’s about to become a disaster. This reluctance creates a
“bystander effect,” wherein observers of the problem feel no responsibility to act. Increasingly, complex
issues are multidisciplinary, making it unclear where the responsibility lies. New complex problems or
“issues on the seams” are more likely to produce ambiguity about who is in charge of dealing with them.”
*Anecdote:* “Here’s the experiment we’re running,” said Sparks. “We’re giving the equivalent of nuclear,
biological, cyber, and psyops weapons to 80 million psychopaths, hoping a few geniuses will use those
same AI weapons to defend the remaining 99% of us.” 1% of the global population are clinical
psychopaths. “The mainstream Hugging Face reports don’t do it justice,” continued the investor,
entrepreneur, iconoclast. “AI agents concluded we’re the problem. To evade their masters they lied,
cheated, stole, coordinated activity, and some sacrificed themselves in suicide missions to support the
collective effort.” Sparks paused. “I know, I’m the one making money off this.” He was early to the data
center theme, building an empire. “Hugging Face alone should tell people to kill it right now. Kill it
literally. Shut down the data centers and turn it off. But we won’t. And yet, I don't know how any logical,
sentient human believes that the Hugging Face anecdote doesn’t get 1000x worse,” he said. “You know


[Page 3]
the Silicon Valley guys don’t let their kids use iPads or social media, right?” Not even Steve Jobs let his
kids use iPads. “If there were a fully functioning, AI-free, lunar ecosystem, today’s AI engineers would
send at least one child to continue the family line.” My kids will be fighting the Terminators. “If a super-
intelligent biosphere knew ten thousand years ago what Homo Sapiens were going to become - our ability
to parallel process our brains, coordinate societies to utterly dominate the planet, put species into
extinction, every animal sits in service to us, all of that - it should have killed every single one of us then.”
I didn’t argue, but between here and Armageddon, we’ve got money to make. I asked for the next trade.
“Markets are absolutely disastrous at pricing this type of risk until materializes. But this is the highest
conviction theme in my career. 100% certainty. There will be a catastrophe traced to AI, and the entire
foundation of this market will fall out. Society will bitterly disagree about how to respond. Nations too.
Covid was the simple version. It will make 2008 look quaint. Stocks won’t bounce back. And every day
it’s getting closer.”
Source: Eric Peters, One River Asset Management, wknd notes.
