[Page 1]
GS DeGrasse - Financials & REITs Sector Specialist Focuses in
Recent Convos Inbounds 27 Sep 2026
Christian DeGrasse  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
27 Sep 2026, 9:26am ET
GS Financials & REITs Sector Specialist: Focuses in Recent Convos/Inbounds.. September 27th 2026. All
references to we/us/our refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Spent almost half the week out marketing while inbounds were quite elevated. Highlighting some notable
conversations and inbounds below.
Rates: At what point does this start to impact growth and capital markets activity? This seems to be one of
the larger sticking points behind heavy price action in boutiques (including non-compensation and margin
worries), alternatives (though bulls argue the current setup is positive for credit deployment at SRE, APO
and KKR), and capital-market banks versus depositories. More narrowly, there is also a debate, with
pushback particularly from non-financials specialists, around whether rates and discount rates are enough
to slow or pause the AI trade.
This is also in acute focus in the CRE brokers, where worries are rising around to what degree transaction
activity may pause or slow amidst higher rates, or at a minimum make the setup for guidance at earnings
more challenging. Julien’s latest read on August activity, net of revisions, has volumes settling at -5% to
+10%, much lower than his preliminary read at +18% less than two weeks ago.
Agentic economy: Is this just noise or is it real? Overall investors are focused on businesses with
consumer touchpoints and points of friction in consumers moving and spending money. Conversations and
bull-versus-bear opinions have been high and coming in on personal insurers, banks, consumer finance,
payments, wealth managers and retail brokers, storage REITs, asset managers, quote generators, and
brands that lean on marketing. Reach out for more details.
TMT GIR has a note out on entering the agentic AI era for the commerce landscape.
Exchanges and insurance brokers were among the two most asked-about subsectors throughout
conversations on the road in Boston this week. On the other hand, there was a lack of asks around
alternatives.
There were many inbounds on weakness in exchanges on Friday. No set catalyst is known, but bears have
a general unease that market structure may be changing, with uncertainty around which direction it is
going into and an uncertainty discount potentially rising. The nature of the questions this week in meetings
was more constructive, including to what degree fear and uncertainty are priced into these stocks and what
needs to be climbed on the wall of worry for these to work again.
Insurance brokers took another look at price action. AJG has closed in the green 2 of the past 15 trading
days and other brokers do not look much different. There are not many negative reads being made on


[Page 2]
agentic AI given the commercial business mix. Questions include a mix shift toward NII-heavy carriers
amidst higher rates, worries on growth given brokers are nominal GDP, and AI fears.
More work is being done on tokenization. The sense is that the market is firmly in the due-diligence stage,
trying to understand what market structure could evolve into, where incumbent players are currently
invested, and to what extent this will be incumbents versus DeFi. Stocks coming up include retail and
crypto brokers (HOOD, CRCL, COIN), banks (money-center and trust banks), exchanges, and information
services.
There is an interesting call on MRP next week hosted by Julien/GIR on Wednesday, September 30 at 1pm
ET. It is not a name followed by most in these conversations, but there has been an uptick in inbounds and
focus following LEN’s earnings around MRP’s recent entry into Build to Rent, in the context of its
relationship with LEN.
GS Prime Flow Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of 25 Sep 2026.
Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Christian DeGrasse Vice President, Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities Goldman Sachs & Co.
LLC Published 27 Sep 2026, 9:25am ET
Source: Christian DeGrasse, Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities desk email; published 27 Sep 2026.
