[Page 1]
Kate McShane, CFA 
+1(212)902-6740 | 
kate.mcshane@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Emily Ghosh 
+1(713)658-2632 | 
emily.ghosh@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Mark Jordan, CFA 
+1(617)772-7951 | 
mark.jordan@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Nishi Agarwal 
+1(332)245-7668 | 
nishi.agarwal@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs India SPL 
Grace Chee 
+1(212)357-9730 | grace.chee@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Samantha Chiang 
+1(212)357-7992 | 
samantha.chiang@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS): Comparing today’s promotional 
environment to 2017
28 September 2026 | 5:00AM EDT
Given the current promotional backdrop in the sporting goods industry, we provide 
additional detail on how today’s environment compares to 2017, which has been a 
key topic in recent investor conversations. 
What is happening with promotional activity in sporting goods today? 
In 2Q26, inventory levels increased in parts of the industry, largely due to 
n
softness in certain legacy footwear silhouettes that are not resonating as well. 
JD Sports (covered by Richard Edwards) disclosed in its F2Q27 trading statement 
n
(ending 8/1/26) that footwear remained soft given consumer pressures and an 
ongoing product cycle evolution across key brand partners amidst a promotional 
market. That said, the company delivered a solid performance in apparel and 
accessories in all regions. In North America, sales performance reflected weaker 
core consumer sentiment, a slower quarter for high-heat footwear product, and 
deferred back-to-school (BTS) demand from July into 1H August. For F1H27, 
footwear came in down 3% y/y given product cycle dynamics, but with 
momentum in performance-based running and newer footwear styles. 
Specifically, management pointed to a shift in the global footwear product cycle, 
given the transition between (smaller in value) newer product lines and footwear 
styles and the (larger) end of cycle product lines of some of JD Sports’ brand 
partners. Apparel and accessories came in up 4% y/y in F1H27. 
Dick’s Sporting Goods explained that, as 2Q26 progressed, inventory levels built 
n
up in parts of the industry, particularly within certain legacy footwear silhouettes 
and apparel franchises that are not resonating as well. We would also note that 
Foot Locker’s EMEA business was softer than expected in 2Q; per management, 
the promotional environment remains aggressive, the industry is carrying too 
much inventory, and the consumer was more cautious than expected given the 
geopolitical environment. At the GS Retail Conference (9/14/26), management 
stated that the idea that the athletic cycle is over is overdone. Footwear on the 
Dick’s side is performing well, while the specialty channel (including Foot Locker) 
is a bit more challenged, with this business being more dependent on launch 
product. Dick’s has the ability to pivot to other areas of the business, with 
management noting there are more alternatives today versus only a handful of 
brands dominating the industry. That said, margin pressure in the industry is real 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
as legacy silhouettes slowed down and some brands started discounting. The 
company invested in promotions to retain customers, ensuring products are priced 
competitively so customers return in future seasons. Foot Locker performed well in 
1Q (with US Foot Locker up +6.4% in 1Q), which was helped by launch product 
(including Jordan retro product), and this product did not perform as well in 2Q. 
Legacy silhouettes had been trending down, and somewhere in 2Q this product 
really slowed. That said, when a couple of these brands brought out different 
materials, these items performed well. From our recent channel checks at Foot 
Locker, we would highlight a prominent sign for Jordan savings, along with clearance 
on select lifestyle footwear from brands such as adidas (e.g., adidas Sambas, adidas 
Spezial) and New Balance (e.g., New Balance 1906). Management expects the 
broader promotional pressure to continue through 4Q. 
Academy Sports & Outdoors noted that within the sporting goods industry, while 
n
select peers are citing a slowdown in lifestyle footwear, it is largely impacting 
mall-based chains and items that are not a key part of Academy’s assortment. In the 
styles Academy carries, there is not an excess of supply. Per management, Academy 
also benefits from its diverse assortment; the company has a large outdoor business, 
and within footwear, the company sells cleats and performance running, along with 
categories such as work boots and seasonal items. 
 
What caused an inflection in promotions in 2017? How long did the cycle last? 
In 2016/17, there were several notable changes in the industry landscape which led 
n
to heightened promotions in both athletic apparel and outdoor. Dick’s called out a 
price war on the 2Q17 earnings call, while by 1Q18, the company noted the majority 
of inventory had been cleaned up for the industry. 
Sports Authority filed for bankruptcy in Mar’16, and it was announced that all stores 
n
(450+) would close by the end of Aug’16. Other bankruptcies at the time included 
Sport Chalet (Apr’16, Southwest US) and MC Sports (Feb’17, Midwest US). In golf, 
Golfsmith International filed for bankruptcy in Sept’16, and Dick’s acquired the US 
business in Oct’16. Looking to outdoor, Gander Mountain filed for bankruptcy in 
Mar’17; Camping World acquired certain assets in Apr’17, liquidating a large portion 
 
Exhibit 1: Footwear as a % of sales in 2024 
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Foot Locker
JD Sports
Dick's Sporting Goods
Academy Sports &
Outdoors
 
DKS acquired Foot Locker on 9/8/25 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
28 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 3]
of the inventory. Bass Pro Shops agreed to acquire Cabela’s in Oct’16, and the 
merger was completed in Sept’17. 
In Mar’17, Under Armour launched at Kohl’s. In Jun’17, Nike announced the 
n
Consumer Direct Offense, prioritizing direct-to-consumer (DTC) sales, and Nike also 
announced a pilot with Amazon in the US for a limited product assortment. 
In Aug’17, Dick’s Sporting Goods called out a dynamic marketplace and changes in 
n
vendor distribution strategies, with pricing in the marketplace being unpredictable 
and at times irrational. Management stated that the company would engage to 
protect and strengthen its leadership position, noting they would aggressively 
promote the business to drive market share in stores and online. The company’s 
sales outlook included reduced expectations for the hunting and athletic apparel 
businesses. In hunting, Dick’s planned to invest to capture market share amidst 
ongoing consolidation. In apparel, management saw meaningful increases in 
distribution and promotional activity; as a result, the company would invest to 
protect market share, also increasing development and marketing efforts for its 
private label (~10% of sales in FY16). The company stated that athletic apparel was 
softer and more promotional than expected, driven by both increased distribution 
and increased promotions by the brands themselves (DTC) as well as their traditional 
competitors (retailers). That said, Dick’s footwear business performed well, with 
2Q17 results driven by the company’s premium full-service footwear departments 
and improved allocations of key styles that resulted from the investment; per 
management, the brands were doing a good job of bringing out innovative and new 
product that resonated with the consumer. Looking at the industry overall, 
management explained that the supply chain was backed up, and the inventory 
overhang was largely in the hunting category. However, the promotional aspect 
spanned across a number of categories including hunting and athletic apparel, given 
increased distribution. We would highlight that recent bankruptcies (e.g., Sports 
Authority) followed by increased distribution (e.g., Under Armour at Kohl’s, brands 
selling direct) likely led companies to promote in competing for market share. 
In Aug’17, Foot Locker reported 2Q17 SSS of -6%, stating that sales of some recent 
n
top styles came in below company expectations. In North America, the sell-through 
of certain Jordan models slowed versus historical rates, and in Europe, certain adidas 
Originals styles such as Superstars and Stan Smiths declined more than expected. 
Foot Locker was also impacted by limited availability of innovative new products in 
the market, with management noting that a lack of sufficient depth and breadth of 
new styles in the premium athletic channel has likely drawn some customers to 
markdown product. This differs from what we heard from Dick’s at the time, given 
Dick’s likely had access to more premium, innovative product. At the time, 
management noted industry dynamics were expected to persist through 2017. In 
terms of ongoing trends, Foot Locker called out consumer casualization and a more 
healthy lifestyle, with sneakers at the center of that. 
On Dick’s 4Q17 earnings call (Mar’18), management stated the hunting category 
n
probably had some inventory in the pipeline, but industry-wide inventory levels were 
in pretty good shape. Looking to the 1Q18 earnings call (May’18), Dick’s noted the 
majority of inventory had been cleaned up. Management also noted there was less 
28 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 4]
promotional activity in the marketplace from some competitors as well as the 
brands on a direct basis as they got their inventory more in line. 
 
What is different about the backdrop today? What should we expect moving 
forward? 
Today, excess inventory and increased promotions are more concentrated in certain 
n
legacy footwear silhouettes. In 2017, heightened promotions at Dick’s were largely in 
athletic apparel and outdoor (i.e., hunting). In contrast to Dick’s, Foot Locker did 
experience pressure within footwear. 
For Dick’s overall, we would argue the company has strengthened its vendor 
n
relationships, including with Nike, which has allowed the company to carry higher 
brand heat product that is less susceptible to markdowns. Moreover, Nike has 
shifted its strategy back towards wholesale from a focus on DTC in 2017. Dick’s also 
has a significant private label offering, with vertical brand sales comprising ~13% of 
total company sales in FY25, noting vertical brands are a top three vendor in athletic 
apparel, team sports, golf, accessories, fitness, and outdoor equipment. Also of note, 
Dick’s can utilize its Going, Going Gone! banner (launched in May’21) for clearance 
opportunities. 
Looking at the prior cycle, the oversupply became most apparent in 2Q17, and it 
n
was largely over by 1Q18. Today, Dick’s expects the broader promotional 
environment (especially around legacy silhouettes) to remain challenging at least 
through 4Q26. A large amount of the excess inventory is likely concentrated in the 
lifestyle footwear category, and Dick’s has mentioned the quality of upcoming 
launches will be critical. While the category is likely to be pressured for the 
remainder of FY26, we believe Dick’s is well positioned given its strong vendor 
relationships, agile supply chain, and enhanced private label offering. 
Valuation & Risks 
We are Buy rated on DKS with a 12-month price target of $170 based on our 
downside/base/upside case relative P/E multiples of 40%/45%/50%. 
Downside risks: A weaker demand environment amidst economic uncertainty; delays in 
 
Exhibit 2: Dick’s gross margin trends amidst elevated 
promotional activity in 2017 
 
Exhibit 3: Dick’s inventory trends 
-350 bps
-300 bps
-250 bps
-200 bps
-150 bps
-100 bps
-50 bps
0 bps
50 bps
100 bps
150 bps
200 bps
25%
26%
27%
28%
29%
30%
31%
32%
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
2016
2017
2018
2019
Gross margin
y/y change (bps)
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
$0
$500
$1,000
$1,500
$2,000
$2,500
$3,000
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
1Q
2Q
3Q
4Q
2016
2017
2018
2019
Inventory ($ mn)
Inventory growth (y/y)
 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
28 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 5]
improving the Foot Locker business; potential for inventory overhang and discounting in 
the industry; DTC initiatives from major brands; weaker sports participation trends 
 
 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates, FactSet. Price as of 25 Sep 2026 close.
DKS
12m Price Target: $170.00
Price: $136.43
Upside: 24.6%
 
Buy  
 
GS Forecast
 
Market cap: $12.1bn
Enterprise value: $12.7bn
3m ADTV: $444.8mn
United States
Americas Retail Specialty
Hardlines, Supermarkets and
Discount Stores
M&A Rank: 3
 
1/26
1/27E
1/28E
1/29E
Revenue ($ mn)
17,215.1
22,192.1
23,291.2
24,576.1
EBITDA ($ mn)
2,004.9
2,151.8
2,524.1
2,992.1
EBIT ($ mn)
1,516.2
1,511.6
1,849.4
2,280.2
EPS ($)
13.20
11.58
15.12
19.08
P/E (X)
15.8
11.8
9.0
7.2
EV/EBITDA (X)
8.9
5.9
5.1
4.3
FCF yield (%)
2.3
7.7
4.2
7.3
Dividend yield (%)
2.3
3.7
3.9
4.2
Net debt/EBITDA (X)
0.3
0.3
0.4
0.3
7/26
10/26E
1/27E
4/27E
EPS ($)
3.53
1.81
3.34
3.54
28 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 6]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Kate McShane, CFA, Emily Ghosh, Mark Jordan, CFA, Nishi Agarwal, Grace Chee and Samantha Chiang, hereby certify that all of the views expressed 
in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of 
our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Kate McShane, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Emily Ghosh Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Mark Jordan, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, Nishi Agarwal Goldman Sachs India SPL, Grace Chee Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Samantha Chiang Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
The rating(s) for Dick’s Sporting Goods is/are relative to the other companies in its/their coverage universe: Academy Sports & Outdoors Inc., 
Advance Auto Parts Inc., AutoZone Inc., BJ’s Wholesale Club Holdings, Bath & Body Works Inc., Best Buy Co., Bob’s Discount Furniture Inc., Boyd Group, 
Costco Wholesale, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Dollar General Corp., Dollar Tree Stores Inc., Driven Brands Holdings, Five Below Inc., Floor & Decor Holdings, 
Genuine Parts Co., Home Depot Inc., Lithia Motors Inc., Lowe’s Cos., National Vision Holdings, O’Reilly Automotive Inc., Ollie’s Bargain Outlet Inc., Petco 
Health and Wellness Co., RH, Target Corp., Tractor Supply Co., Ulta Beauty Inc., Valvoline Inc., Walmart Inc., Williams-Sonoma Inc.  
Company-specific regulatory disclosures 
The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Goldman Sachs”) and companies covered 
by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research and referred to in this research. 
Goldman Sachs has received compensation for investment banking services in the past 12 months: Dick’s Sporting Goods ($136.43) 
Goldman Sachs expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3 months: Dick’s Sporting Goods 
($136.43) 
Goldman Sachs had an investment banking services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Dick’s Sporting Goods ($136.43) 
Goldman Sachs had a non-investment banking securities-related services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Dick’s Sporting Goods 
($136.43) 
Goldman Sachs is a registered market maker in the securities or derivatives thereof: Dick’s Sporting Goods ($136.43) 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
28 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 7]
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Price target and rating history chart(s) 
 
Target price history table(s) 
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS) 
 
Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions. 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
26-Aug-26
170.00
129.66
15-Jun-26
271.00
220.04
28-May-26
277.00
226.31
29-Apr-26
272.00
220.00
13-Mar-26
257.00
192.16
11-Dec-25
285.00
216.69
26-Nov-25
284.00
207.41
23-Sep-25
274.00
228.70
21-Apr-25
239.00
176.39
11-Mar-25
242.00
198.97
26-Nov-24
280.00
212.22
23-Sep-24
268.00
215.28
05-Sep-24
261.00
214.83
29-Jul-24
251.00
207.78
29-May-24
260.00
226.03
18-Apr-24
242.00
195.22
15-Mar-24
247.00
211.48
22-Nov-23
157.00
121.79
06-Oct-23
146.00
103.49
28 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 8]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
28 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 9]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
28 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 


[Page 10]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
28 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Dick’s Sporting Goods (DKS)
 
 
