[Page 1]
GS View - The September FOMC Goldmans Take from Traders and
Research 15 Sep 2026
FOMC View  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Cross-Asset Franchise
Tue 15 Sep 2026, 9:37pm ET
TLDR
The Fed is expected to deliver a 25bp hike this week—not on strong fundamentals, but because ~90%
market pricing makes holding by the Fed too risky given the negative reaction it would trigger. On the
trading side, 30y tails have underperformed the move higher in rate vols and could offer cheaper convexity
relative to the rest of the rate vol surface. In a dovish hike, we like USD shorts vs. JPY and AUD. We also
like downside puts in oil on a Hormuz/Saudi de-escalation, and like owning wingy GLD calls into the
event.
Views from GS US Economics Research Team
We added a 25bp rate hike at this week’s September FOMC meeting to our forecast last Friday following
the August CPI report. The report had little impact on our inflation view but pushed market pricing of a
hike to nearly 90%, high enough that the FOMC will likely want to avoid the market reaction that would
likely follow from remaining on hold. We expect the FOMC to make only the minimum necessary change
to its statement, which will likely note that it is hiking to return inflation to 2% but will likely avoid
providing guidance on the path forward or the criteria for further hikes. We expect Governor Waller to
dissent because the latest inflation numbers have been below the threshold for a hold he set in a recent
appearance.
The key question for the meeting is whether the median dot will show one hike or two in 2026. We expect
a 10-8 majority to show one hike because some participants might be ambivalent about the first hike and
some might want to avoid pushing market expectations any higher. But we see a risk of a majority for two
hikes if more participants than we expect see a hike this week as a normal response to higher oil prices and
AI demand and the start of a series of rate hikes. We suspect that a majority of FOMC participants would
prefer not to hike again at the October meeting, either because it comes just before the midterms, because
there is only one more month of inflation data before the meeting, or because participants who are
skeptical of the case for hiking would likely prefer that it at least be limited to a more gradual pace. By
December, we think that further evidence of improvement in the inflation trend and greater distance from
some of the key drivers of higher inflation, especially tariffs and the Iran war, will make another hike seem
unnecessary.
We continue to expect two cuts in 2027 but now expect them in September and December (vs. June and
December previously). We have also raised our forecast for the terminal rate to 3.25-3.5% (vs. 3-3.25%
previously). We expect the 2027 and 2028 medians to show one cut each, remaining at 3.625% and
3.375%. The means are likely to rise a bit in both cases. While the great majority of participants will likely


[Page 2]
show at least one cut in 2027, it is possible that the 2027 median will be higher than 3.625% because
participants projecting different numbers of hikes this year will envision cuts starting from different levels.
Finally, we expect the neutral rate estimate to creep a bit higher at this meeting on a mean basis and
probably on a median basis. We expect it to continue rising gradually over the next year to about 3.25-
3.5%, in part because the longer the economy performs well at higher interest rates, the more likely
FOMC participants are to conclude that we might already be near neutral, and in part because some
FOMC participants might conclude that AI investment demand is raising the equilibrium interest rate.
Full FOMC Preview Piece from GIR available on Marquee.


[Page 3]


[Page 4]
Views from GS Trading and Strategy Desks
All of the below are written as of 15Sep26 market close and are subject to market movements
Rates:
We expect a unanimous vote for a hike on Wednesday: 2 or 3 implicit dissents via 3.625 year end dot, but
no explicit dissents on the vote itself. We struggle to completely discount the risk that Warsh’s Jackson
Hole speech was purely performative and he could in fact try to jam through a hold, but equally cannot
fathom a world where he commits what would be construed as the policy error of all policy errors and
holds rates. We have no position in the meeting, but for choice think the former is more likely given past
precedent, and would rather rec from 23bps priced. Warsh’s characterization of how data influenced the
decision to hike is the million dollar question. His blundered “in two words, ‘not much’” response during
the July press conference resulted in the first leg of ct30’s ensuing meltdown; we expect a more calculated
answer on Wednesday which acknowledges at least an implicit reaction function to subsequent data prints.
We struggle to rationalize the argument against continuing a hiking cycle in advance of the midterms, but
likewise see little asymmetry in paying the jump at 12.5 given our 3.875 dot forecast The 2027 dot is a
close call between 3.875 and 3.625. More interesting will be the ’27 Core PCE forecast, and extent to
which other submitters join Waller in incorporating methodological adjustments into their ex-ante
forecasts; we don’t envy the communication task force having to explain the .04bp/month drag from
portfolio mgmt. fee recalculation just as Warsh tries to minimize focus on the decimal place minutia. *
(Thank You Brian Bingham – Short Macro Trading)
The rate vol market is in a state of stress heading into what is likely to be the first hike of the post 2023
cycle. Global energy markets, heightened focus on sovereign + corporate bond supply, and general


[Page 5]
stability of the labor market have combined to push duration levels to basically the cheaps of the last 20y.
For the first bit of the selloff, the moves were orderly enough to not induce much higher vol. In the last
week, with notable pain in Europe across the ECB, vol has moved sharply higher and payer skew has
richened. In addition, as the front end has generally led the way, left hand side vol has richened versus
right hand side vol. The Fed tomorrow will be key to give markets some understanding as to where the
central bankers heads are at with respect to the extent of the hiking cycle. From an RV perspective, owing
to the dynamics mentioned above: 30y tails have way underperformed the move higher in vols, and offer
the best bang for the buck for owning convexity, especially on the payer side. *(Thank You Mitchell
Cornell – Volex Trading)
A hike with a more patient forward-looking signal in either the dots or in the press conference framing
would likely reintroduce curve steepening risks. Conversely, a firmer indication of further hikes to come
should sustain stability further out the curve and would keep the curve biased firmly flatter on higher
inflation news. We continue to think that it will be hard for longer-term yields to fall sharply via lower risk
premia alone under most scenarios, however, leaving lower yields up to better inflation news or a
worsening cyclical view—both of which should result in a larger move lower in front-end/belly yields. We
find that whether the first hike results in pronounced curve flattening has historically related to the nature
of the cycle. In particular, we find that steeper front-ends at the time of the first hike tend to result in
sharper flattening in the subsequent window, though the underlying dynamics can differ. The market
priced meaningful hikes into periods of pronounced flattening following the first hike in 2004 and 2022,
but where 2004 flattening came in the context a long-end led rally, 2022 reflected a further build in hike
risks. Meanwhile, the more limited post-hike flattening in 1997 and 1999 coincided with shorter cycles
from higher levels (both in market pricing and in what was ultimately delivered), suggesting a potential
template for the current environment. While different starting points complicate an apples-to-apples
comparison, and a decisively hawkish message next week would argue for additional flattening pressure,
history suggests today’s backdrop is more consistent with limited flattening risk. *(Thank You GS Rates
Strategy)
FX:
The USD has followed Fed pricing and energy prices higher today with our franchise skewed towards
USD buying with EUR a favorite expression. Positioning overall is light, with perhaps a small USD short
skew. While we are light on risk at the moment as we await the meeting, we do think the bar to out hawk
what is priced is quite high. On a dovish hike we prefer USD shorts vs JPY and AUD. USDJPY could
retest last week's lows, with potential to have a go at 152 again on a hawkish BOJ Thursday night. In that
scenario, we could see AUD back on a 7200 handle as well. While energy prices and fiscal concerns
continue to weigh on EUR, a broader USD sell off could see EUR back above its 200d ~1.1630
nonetheless. *(Thank You Carlie Ladda - FX Delta One Trading)
We expect tomorrow’s FOMC decision to be a pivotal one for the USD direction as the Fed’s reaction
function to uneven economic performance remains uncertain. As such, the dots (and communication) will
be in focus as that will be an important indication of whether this would be a one and done hike. This is
relevant for the direction of the USD, as recent USD weakness has been driven, in part, by a more


[Page 6]
uncertain reaction function and the perception that the FOMC has a high bar to tighten policy. Given
current Fed market pricing and the recent move higher in real yields, a Fed that seems reluctant to move
ahead of the curve by setting a high bar for further tightening would limit a lot of the positive USD
impulse from a hike. *(Thank You Lexi Kanter FX Research)
• The implied volatility gap around the September FOMC is currently ~47bps, above the one-year median
implied gap.
• The FX Trading desk notes that the USD has rallied alongside Fed repricing and higher energy prices,
with client flow skewed toward USD buying with EUR as the preferred short expression. Overall
positioning remains light with a modest USD short skew, and the desk views the bar for a hawkish surprise
as high. On a dovish hike outcome, the desk favors USD shorts against JPY and AUD. (Link)


[Page 7]
Equities:
With a roughly 90% chance of a hike priced, the market is viewing September as nearly a done deal. Our
economists also expect a rate hike this week, although they do not think there is an overwhelming
fundamental case to do it. There will be focus on whether the median dot shows 1 or 2 hikes, and on how
the rate decision is messaged. The bar to a properly hawkish shock is quite high, given that the market is


[Page 8]
already pricing another hike this year and nearly four in total, so the main risk on the hawkish side is if the
meeting opens up the prospect of a much faster series of hikes. Unusually, the larger market risk in the
near term likely comes from the potential market reaction if the Fed holds. That kind of scenario could see
long-end yields rise sharply, the curve steepen, the Dollar weaken, and gold rise. US growth pricing
remains resilient, so beyond the FOMC meeting, the main potential tailwind to risk assets runs through
potential rate relief—but that is likely to need to come through lower oil prices or more benign inflation
data, rather than a more dovish Fed, given that a Fed that is perceived to be dovish for non-inflation-
related reasons may boost term premium risk in bond markets. The risk that the Fed does not hike can be
protected directly by receiving September meeting pricing given that the meeting is almost fully priced. *
(Thank You Vickie Chang – Macro Research)
The climate in equity markets has shifted pretty drastically in the past couple weeks – following the
meaningful vol crush across both index and singles in August, tension has ramped up on the back of oil
surging and yields rising. Hotter than expected economic data has also helped reignite inflation fears, with
this month’s rate hike odds hitting 90% after last week’s CPI report. The most interesting thing in this tape
is that index skew has seen a significant bid, but vols haven’t been reacting as dramatically. As the
meeting's outcome has become more certain, we actually don't expect a large vol move this week
(especially after they took a lot of event premium out of the surface last Friday). Flows wise, we’ve seen a
more aggressive tilt towards hedging with both fixed strike puts and VIX calls. With SPX spot chopping
around the 50-day moving average after a recent pullback from all-time highs, we’re now seeing the bulk
of dealer long gamma to the topside. Locally, street gamma positioning is pretty flat, and we think this
could free up potential realized moves to the downside. Having historically seen larger realized moves on
FOMC/VIX expiry overlap days, the desk thinks that this Wednesday’s implied move is an own. *(Thank
You Cindy Lu and Robert Blank – Index Derivs Trading)
Credit:
Since last FOMC, as the markets have digested a strong slew of equity earnings, particularly in tech/
hyperscaler names (rerating equity multiples lower) and rates have come to the forefront, testing Warsh's
resolve in addressing inflation and global fiscal responsibility, several market participants have set hedges
in macro credit instruments. Thematically, flows have felt decompressionary across the spectrum as a
higher financing world weighs on HY corporates more than IG, and IG protection feels particularly
offered ahead of the roll. Dispersion and CCC underperformance has also been topical --- the equity
tranche in HY45 has underperformed the rest of the capital structural notably (both driven by single names
and correlation moves). FM/ Systematics have supplied ATM Vol, particularly 3m and in, to the market,
taking implieds lower. We continue to think that in this world with ever increasing funding needs, credit
will drift wider to a new zipcode. We like setting hedges in the super senior tranche in HY45 (effectively
locking in ~4yr convexity at near all time tights in the instrument) and buying outright payers in CDX. *
(Thank You Usman Omer– Index Derivs Trading)
Commods:


[Page 9]
Locally it’s going to be a very choppy path… The CPI print obviously has increased the chances of the
Fed hiking which generally is going to be a very for negative outcome for Gold, but a lot of that has been
priced in over the week. Gold, while it has sold off, has certainly stayed in the recent range that it has been
in. I think another one of the challenges that folks are not as focused on is that Hormuz continues to be a
concern. That conflict has spread to the Red Sea. This could further complicate some of the issues
associated with the logistics with rerouting energy flows. At the moment, the higher energy goes the more
inflation concerns there are, the higher the yield curve goes and that’s going to be challenging for gold to
overcome in the short term. The longer-term trends we think are still in place; Central Banks accumulation
by the emerging markets, as well as fiscal challenges faced by the west. It doesn’t appear that any of those
are going to be changing in the longer term. Ultimately, very hard to know when the inflection point is
going to occur. At 4,000 price point we did see quite a bit of institutional and sovereign sponsorship. We
think that prices eventually will take out the all-time highs, I don’t know whether that’s before year end or
a next year phenomenon, but I think we need to get through what the Fed’s going to do with this data and
how aggressive they signal on a forward basis, as well as getting some clarity on how the Hormuz
situation is going to resolve before the market can really shake off those concerns and go to new all-time
highs. From the trading side, front convexity looks cheap to optionalize delta positions into the Fed
decision. Vol is carrying well, with neither callskew nor riskies reflect expensive upside convexity (riskies
are below 3y avg, despite upside tail risks plus price support to the downside dampening vol). Gamma
pockets on GLD could be a source of added volatility in the coming days, leading us to favour holding
wingy calls into the Fed event. These carry reasonably well, and would see significant rally in the unlikely
event the Fed decide not to hike. *(Thank You Tony Kim - Co-Head of EMEA and Asia Commodities
Trading)
Prices are back to the highs following the shutdown of the Saudi East-West pipeline after an Iranian proxy
attack, threatening several million barrels per day of exports. Prices were already supported by the
physical markets. Eastern crude spot has been tightening since the start of August on stronger Asian
buying and loss of Yanbu Saudi flow following the Houthis campaign on KSA exports. This opened
arbitrage flow from the Atlantic bassin, leading to a bid in dated brent and WTI and Brent futures spread.
Vol and call skew stayed offered as dark transits through hormuz under US navy escorts kept creeping up.,
but this whole change after the petroline pipe was shut down Thursday. Short vol players stopped out, and
the right tail abruptly repriced as the market fears further hits on Aramco assets. On the other hand,
regional diplomacy is slowly progressing, with deep downside to prices if successful. Spec flow remains
geared towards downside buying, and put skew quickly found a bid after Thursday. *(Thank You Edouard
Mifsud –Crude Dervis Trading)
FOMC Market Reaction Monitor
Use our intraday Market Reaction Monitor to keep track of what is happening post-FOMC.


[Page 10]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities / Marquee MarketView. As of 15 September 2026.
