[Page 1]
Global Banking & Markets – Public
Prime Services
Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
Monthly Hedge Fund Performance Update
August 2026
Prepared by Prime Brokerage. In evaluating this material, you should know that it could have been previously provided to other clients and/or internal Goldman Sachs personnel, who could have already acted on it. The 
views or ideas expressed here are those of the desk and/or author only and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs; others at Goldman Sachs may have opinions or may express views that are contrary to those herein. 
This material is not independent advice and is not a product of Global Investment Research. This material is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the purposes of, and to the extent it would otherwise 
be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605.
1
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Performance Summary and Commentary1
AUGUST MARKET WRAP 
August marked a recovery for global markets after a significant reversal in July. Strong corporate earnings helped push the S&P 500 to 
near all-time highs, particularly in the software sector where encouraging fundamentals helped offset AI concerns. Government bonds 
were more mixed, with the 30-year Treasury yield reaching its highest level in almost twenty years, driven by fiscal concerns and 
significant corporate borrowing. Then, mid-month, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent unexpectedly announced Treasury buybacks 
which temporarily depressed yields and sparked a rally in gold prices. Investors digested a hawkish address from Federal Reserve Chair 
Kevin Warsh, heightening expectations for further rate hikes. Geopolitical concerns and inflation continues to be top of mind as oil 
supply remains restricted and the ongoing focus on AI capex, particularly for data center construction, grows.
HEDGE FUND PERFORMANCE
Hedge funds gained +0.9% in August on a global strategy-weighted basis. Fundamental equity L/S managers finished the month 
slightly positive, with our factor model suggesting that returns were driven predominantly by beta. Gains were broad-based across 
sectors, with the generalist L/S cohort outperforming sector specialists. Systematic macro / CTA was once again the top-performing 
strategy – and remains the second-best performing strategy this year – with trends in energy, metals, agricultural, and equity markets 
driving returns. Quant strategies also posted one of their best monthly returns for the year so far, despite a mid-month sell-off across 
regions driven by momentum, resulting in their worst day of performance in over two years.
Source: Goldman Sachs Prime Services data as of 15-Sep-2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results. All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Hedge Fund Performance from Letters - Global Client Base
Index Performance
Aug '26
YTD
Aug ‘26
YTD
Equity Fundamental L/S
0.9%
9.0%
MSCI World TR
2.6%
13.1%
Credit
0.2%
4.0%
S&P 500 TR
2.7%
13.1%
Event Driven
0.8%
6.8%
Russell 2000 TR
1.0%
20.0%
Discretionary Macro
1.7%
3.7%
NASDAQ
3.9%
13.5%
Systematic Macro / CTA
1.9%
8.3%
Nikkei 225
3.0%
31.7%
Quant
1.3%
5.1%
Hang Seng
-1.2%
-0.3%
Relative Value 
-0.1%
4.0%
CSI 300
0.8%
-0.1%
Multi-Strategy
0.3%
4.6%
Euro Stoxx 50
1.0%
10.9%
Multi-PM
0.2%
3.0%
Americas
0.6%
7.3%
Asia
1.2%
9.3%
Europe
1.5%
5.5%
Global Strategy-Weighted Average2
0.9%
6.3%
Global Equal-Weighted Average
0.9%
7.1%
Trailing Performance by Hedge Fund Strategy
Date
All HFs
(Strategy-
Weighted)
All HFs
(Equal-
Weighted)
Equity L/S
Credit
Event Driven Discretionary 
Macro
Systematic 
Macro / CTA Quantitative
Relative 
Value
Multi-
Strategy
1YR
11.0%
12.3%
15.9%
5.9%
9.9%
8.7%
14.1%
8.7%
7.0%
8.4%
3YR
11.1%
11.4%
15.6%
8.9%
11.7%
9.7%
3.7%
11.6%
7.0%
9.7%
5YR
7.8%
7.2%
9.0%
6.1%
7.2%
7.8%
4.7%
9.7%
6.2%
7.2%


[Page 2]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
2
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Fundamental Equity Long / Short Performance Breakdown 
Year-to-Date Performance by Hedge Fund Strategy
Hedge Fund Portfolio Performance by Allocator Type
Simple Average
10th %ile
25th %ile
50th %ile
75th %ile
90th %ile
Dispersion*
August 2026
0.9%
-2.8%
-1.2%
0.7%
2.8%
5.2%
4.0%
2026 YTD
9.0%
-4.8%
0.1%
6.7%
14.4%
24.8%
14.3%
*Dispersion = the absolute difference between the top quartile (75th percentile) and bottom quartile (25th percentile)
PERFORMANCE DISPERSION
PERFORMANCE OF GENERALISTS VERSUS SECTOR-SPECIALISTS
PERFORMANCE BY NET EXPOSURE RANGE
Aug '26
YTD
Market Neutral & Low Net
0.3%
5.6%
Variable Net
0.5%
10.0%
Long Biased
2.3%
12.4%
Aug '26
YTD
Generalist
1.1%
8.8%
Sector-Specific
0.5%
9.4%
Healthcare
0.4%
9.8%
TMT
0.6%
14.0%
Aug '26
YTD
Pension
1.0%
6.0%
Endowment & Foundation
0.7%
6.1%
Family Office
0.8%
6.0%
Private Bank
0.7%
6.4%
Fund of Funds
0.8%
6.3%
Source: Goldman Sachs Prime Services data as of 15-Sep-2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results. All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Equity, 9.0%
Credit, 4.0%
Event Driven, 6.8%
Discretionary Macro, 3.7%
Systematic Macro / CTA, 8.3%
Quant, 5.1%
Multi-Strategy, 4.6%
0.0%
2.0%
4.0%
6.0%
8.0%
10.0%
12.0%
14.0%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
YTD Performance (%)


[Page 3]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
3
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
DISCLAIMERS
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Sources and Definitions
1.
Based on performance estimates covering the month of August 2026 and YTD 2026 from 438 client letters received by 
Goldman Sachs Prime Services as of 15-Sep-26.
2.
The strategy-weighted average is a blend of equal-weight average returns for each strategy, weighted for the proportion that 
we believe each strategy accounts for within overall industry AUM.
Disclaimers
This message has been prepared by personnel in the Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities business units of one or more affiliates of The 
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ("Goldman Sachs") and is not the product of Global Investment Research. It is not a research report and is 
not intended as such.
Non-Reliance and Risk Disclosure: This material is for the general information of our clients and is a solicitation of derivatives 
business generally, only for the purposes of, and to the extent it would otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. 
This material should not be construed as an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where 
such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. We are not soliciting any specific action based on this material. For the purposes of U.S. 
rules and regulations, it does not constitute a recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial 
conditions, or needs of individual clients. Before acting on this material, you should consider whether it is suitable for your particular 
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. The price and value of the investments referred to in this material and the 
income from them may go down as well as up, and investors may realize losses on any investments. Past performance is not a guide 
to future performance. Future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. We do not provide tax, 
accounting, or legal advice to our clients, and all investors are advised to consult with their tax, accounting, or legal advisers regarding 
any potential investment. The material is based on information that we consider reliable, but we do not represent that it is accurate, 
complete and/or up to date, and it should not be relied on as such. Opinions expressed are our current opinions as of the date 
appearing on this material only and only represent the views of the author and not those of Goldman Sachs, unless otherwise 
expressly noted.
Conflict of Interest Disclosure: We are a full-service, integrated corporate advisory, investment management, and brokerage firm. 
The professionals who prepared this material are paid in part based on the profitability of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., which 
includes earnings from the firm's trading, capital markets, corporate advisory and other business. They, along with other salespeople, 
traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients that reflect 
opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed herein or the opinions expressed in research reports issued by our Research 
Departments, and our market making, investing and lending businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
views expressed herein. In addition, the professionals who prepared this material may also produce material for, and from time to 
time, may advise or otherwise be part of our trading desks that trade as principal in the securities mentioned in this material. This 
material is therefore not independent from our interests, which may conflict with your interests. We and our affiliates, officers, 
directors, and employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this material, may from time to time have 
"long" or "short" positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell the securities or derivatives (including options) thereof in, and act as 
market maker or specialist in, and serve as a director of, companies mentioned in this material. In addition, we may have served as 
manager or co manager of a public offering of securities by any such company within the past three years.


[Page 4]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
4
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
DISCLAIMERS
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Not a Fiduciary: To the extent this material is provided to an employee benefit plan or account subject to the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") 
(each, a "Benefit Plan Investor"), by accepting this material such Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to have represented, warranted 
and acknowledged that (1) the Benefit Plan Investor is represented by a fiduciary that is independent of Goldman Sachs and its 
affiliates (the "Independent Fiduciary"), (2) the Independent Fiduciary is a bank (as defined in section 202 of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (the "Advisers Act")) or a similar institution that is regulated and supervised and subject to periodic examination by a 
State or Federal agency; an insurance carrier which is qualified under the laws of more than one State to perform the services of 
managing, acquiring or disposing of assets of a plan; an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act or, if not registered as 
an investment adviser under the Advisers Act by reason of paragraph (1) of section 203A, is registered as an investment adviser 
under the laws of the State in which it maintains its principal office and place of business; a broker-dealer registered under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; or an Independent Fiduciary that holds or has under management or control total assets of at least 
$50 Million; (3) the Independent Fiduciary is capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to 
the information contained in this material; (4) the Independent Fiduciary is a fiduciary under ERISA and/or the Code with respect to, 
and is responsible for exercising independent judgment in evaluating, the information contained in this material; (5) neither Goldman 
Sachs nor its affiliates are undertaking to provide impartial investment advice, or to give advice in a fiduciary capacity, in connection 
with the information contained in this material or with respect to any Benefit Plan Investor's subsequent investment decisions; and (6) 
any financial interest of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates is or has been disclosed. To the extent this material is provided to any other 
recipient, this material is provided solely on the basis that the recipient has the capability to independently evaluate investment risk 
and is exercising independent judgment in evaluating investment decisions in that its investment decisions will be based on its own 
independent assessment of the opportunities and risks presented by a potential investment, market factors and other investment 
considerations.
Not a Municipal Advisor: Except in circumstances where Goldman Sachs expressly agrees otherwise in writing, Goldman Sachs is not 
acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice, 
including within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Phone recording: Telephone conversations with Goldman Sachs personnel may be recorded and retained.
Legal Entities Disseminating this Material: This material is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 
797 897); in Canada by either Goldman Sachs Canada Inc. or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs(Asia) L.L.C. 
or by Goldman Sachs Asia Bank Limited, a restricted licence bank; in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co.,Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea 
by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited; in Singapore by Goldman 
Sachs(Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), by Goldman Sachs Futures Pte.Ltd (Company Number: 199004153Z) or by 
J.Aron &Company (Singapore) Pte (Company Number:198902119H); in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, 
Mumbai Branch; in the United Kingdom, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Italy, Liechtenstein and Luxembourg by Goldman Sachs 
International (“GSI”); in the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg and the Netherlands by Goldman Sachs 
Bank USA, London Branch (Financial Services Register number 582328); in France by Goldman Sachs Paris Inc. et Cie or GSI Paris 
branch; in Spain by GSI Madrid branch; in Sweden by GSI Stockholm branch; in all European Economic Area jurisdictions by Goldman 
Sachs Bank Europe SE, including through its authorised branches (“GSBE”); in Switzerland by GSI; in the Cayman Islands by Goldman 
Sachs (Cayman) Trust, Limited; in Brazil by Goldman Sachs do Brasil Banco Múltiplo S.A.; and in the United States of America by 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (which is a member of FINRA, NYSE and SIPC) and by Goldman Sachs Bank USA. You may obtain 
information about SIPC, including the SIPC brochure, by contacting SIPC (website: http://www.sipc.org/;phone: 202-371-8300). GSI, 
which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the 
PRA, has approved this material in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. GSI, whose registered office is at Plumtree 
Court, 25 Shoe Lane, London EC4A 4AU, appears in the FCA’s Register (Registration No.: 142888). GSI is registered as a Private 
Unlimited Company in England and Wales (Company Number: 2263951) and its VAT registration number is GB 447 2649 28. GSI is 
subject to the FCA and PRA rules and guidance, details of which can be found on the websites of the FCA and PRA at www.fca.org.uk 
and www.bankofengland.co.uk/pra.The FCA is located at 12 Endeavour Square, London E20 1JN, and the PRA is located at Bank of 
England, 20 Moorgate, London EC2R 6DA. GSBE is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism established between those Member States of the European Union whose official currency is the Euro, subject to direct 
prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufischt, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank. Unless governing law permits 
otherwise, you must contact a Goldman Sachs entity in your home jurisdiction if you want to use our services in effecting a 
transaction in the securities mentioned in this material. This material is not for distribution to retail clients, as that term is defined 
under The European Union Markets in Financial Instruments Directive(2014/65/EU) (including as implemented in the United 
Kingdom), and any investments, including derivatives, mentioned in this material will not be made available by us to any such retail 
client.


[Page 5]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
5
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
DISCLAIMERS
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Reproduction and Re-Distribution: Without our prior written consent, no part of this material may be (i) copied, photocopied or 
duplicated in any form by any means or (ii) redistributed. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, and except as required to 
enable compliance with applicable securities law, you (and each of your employees, representatives and other agents) may disclose 
to any and all persons the U.S. federal income and state tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any 
kind (including tax opinions and other tax analyses) that are provided to you relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, without 
Goldman Sachs imposing any limitation of any kind.
Information Not for Further Dissemination: To the extent this communication contains Goldman Sachs' pricing information, such 
pricing information is proprietary and/or confidential and is provided solely for the internal use of the intended recipient(s). You are 
notified that any unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication or its contents, including pricing 
information, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. Further, unless prohibited by local law, any use, review or acceptance of this 
information is subject to and manifests your agreement with Goldman Sachs to use such information only in accordance with the 
terms set forth above. Goldman Sachs has caused its proprietary information to be delivered to you in reliance upon such agreement.
Not a Valuation: Values herein are not customer valuations and should not be used in lieu of a customer valuation statement or 
account statement. These values may not reflect the value of the positions carried on the books and records of Goldman Sachs or its 
affiliates and should not be relied upon for the maintenance of your books and records or for any tax, accounting, legal or other 
purposes. The information provided herein does not supersede any customer statements, confirmations or other similar notifications.
Receipt of Orders: An order sent to Goldman Sachs by email or instant message is not deemed to be received by Goldman Sachs 
until a Goldman Sachs representative verifies the order details with a phone call to the client or acknowledges receipt of the order via 
email or instant message to the client. Goldman Sachs does not accept client orders sent via fax or voicemail systems.
Indicative Terms/Pricing Levels: This material may contain indicative terms only, including but not limited to pricing levels. There is 
no representation that any transaction can or could have been effected at such terms or prices. Proposed terms and conditions are 
for discussion purposes only. Finalized terms and conditions are subject to further discussion and negotiation.
Alternative Investments: Alternative Investments are not subject to the same regulatory requirements or governmental oversight as 
mutual funds. The sponsor or manager of any Alternative Investment may not be registered with any governmental agency. 
Alternative Investments often engage in leverage and other investment practices that are extremely speculative and involve a high 
degree of risk. Such practices may increase the volatility of performance and the risk of investment loss, including the loss of the 
entire amount that is invested.
Alternative Investments may purchase instruments that are traded on exchanges located outside the United States that are "principal 
markets" and are subject to the risk that the counterparty will not perform with respect to contracts. Furthermore, this is the case 
since there is generally less government supervision and regulation of foreign exchanges, Alternative Investments are also subject to 
the risk of the failure of the exchanges and there may be a higher risk of financial irregularities and/or lack of appropriate risk 
monitoring and controls.
Alternative Investments may impose significant fees, including incentive fees that are based upon a percentage of the realized and 
unrealized gains, and such fees may offset all or a significant portion of such Alternative Investment's trading profits.Alternative 
Investments are offered in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, for offers and 
sales of securities that do not involve a public offering. No public or other market is available or will develop. Similarly, interests in an 
Alternative Investment are highly illiquid and generally are not transferable without the consent of the sponsor, and applicable 
securities and tax laws will limit transfers.
Alternative Investments may themselves invest in instruments that may be highly illiquid and extremely difficult to value. This also 
may limit your ability to redeem or transfer your investment or delay receipt of redemption proceeds.
Alternative Investments are not required to provide their investors with periodic pricing or valuation information. There may be 
conflicts of interest between the Alternative Investment and other service providers, including the investment manager and sponsor 
of the Alternative Investment.
Investors in Alternative Investments may have limited rights with respect to their investment interest, including limited voting rights 
and participation in the management of the Alternative Investment.
Alternative Investments may involve complex tax and legal structures. Investment in any particular Alternative Investment, or 
Alternative Investments generally, is only suitable for sophisticated investors for whom such an investment does not constitute a 
complete investment program and who fully understand and are willing to assume the risks involved in such Alternative Investment. 
You are urged to consult with your own tax, accounting and legal advisers regarding any investment in any Alternative Investment.


[Page 6]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
6
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
DISCLAIMERS
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Notice to Australian Investors: When this document is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO"), Goldman 
Sachs International ("GSI"), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC"), or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS 
entities"), this document, and any access to it, is intended only for a person that has first satisfied the GS entities that:
• the person is a Sophisticated or Professional Investor for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act of Australia; and
• the person is a wholesale client for the purpose of section 761G of the Corporations Act of Australia.
To the extent that the GS entities are providing a financial service in Australia, the GS entities are each exempt from the requirement 
to hold an Australian financial services licence for the financial services they provide in Australia. Each of the GS entities are regulated 
by a foreign regulator under foreign laws which differ from Australian laws, specifically:
• GSCO is regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws;
• GSI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential 
Regulation Authority, under UK laws;
• GSALLC is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws; and
• GSSP is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under Singapore laws.
Notice to Brazilian Investors
Marquee is not meant for the general public in Brazil. The services or products provided by or through Marquee, at any time, may not 
be offered or sold to the general public in Brazil. You have received a password granting access to Marquee exclusively due to your 
existing relationship with a GS business located in Brazil. The selection and engagement with any of the offered services or products 
through Marquee, at any time, will be carried out directly by you. Before acting to implement any chosen service or products, 
provided by or through Marquee you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances 
and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any steps necessary in order to implement the chosen service or product, including but 
not limited to remittance of funds, shall be carried out at your discretion. Accordingly, such services and products have not been and 
will not be publicly issued, placed, distributed, offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and, as a result, they have not 
been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários), nor have 
they been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to such services or products, as well as the 
information contained therein, may not be supplied to the general public in Brazil, as the offering of such services or products is not a 
public offering in Brazil, nor used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to the general public in Brazil.
The offer of any securities mentioned in this message may not be made to the general public in Brazil. Accordingly, any such securities 
have not been nor will they be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários) 
nor has any offer been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to the offer, as well as the information 
contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in Brazil, as the offer is not a public offering of securities in Brazil. These terms 
will apply on every access to Marquee.
Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 0800 380 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com.
Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h. Canal de Denúncias: 0800 047 4065 e/ou 
Formulário eletrônico: https://gs.tnwreports.com/
Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 380 5764 and/or contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com.
Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Business Integrity Issues Channel: 0800 047 4065 and/or Web Form: 
https://gs.tnwreports.com/
 
Please note that none of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates including Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC maintains any licenses, authorisations or 
registrations in the 
People's Republic of China ("PRC") nor are the funds discussed in this material registered in the PRC.
The distribution of this material and the placement of interests in the funds in Hong Kong is restricted. Accordingly, unless permitted 
by the securities laws of Hong Kong, no person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, this material, or any 
advertisement, invitation or document relating to the interests in the funds, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, 
or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong Kong, other than with respect to the interests in the 
funds which are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ―professional investors‖ within the 
meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder.
Note to Investors in Israel: GS is not licensed to provide investment advice or investment management services under Israeli law.


[Page 7]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
7
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
DISCLAIMERS
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Notice to Investors in Japan
Marquee is made available in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.
本書は情報の提供を目的としております。また、売却・購入が違法となるような法域での有価証券その他の売却若しくは購入を勧
めるものでもありません。ゴールドマン・サックスは本書内の取引又はストラクチャーの勧誘を行うものではございません。これ
らの取引又はストラクチャーは、社内及び法規制等の承認等次第で実際にはご提供できない場合がございます。
<適格機関投資家限定
転売制限>
ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社が適格機関投資家のみを相手方として取得申込みの勧誘（取得勧誘）又は売付けの申込み若
しくは買付けの申込みの勧誘(売付け勧誘等)を行う本有価証券には、適格機関投資家に譲渡する場合以外の譲渡が禁止される旨の
制限が付されています。本有価証券は金融商品取引法第４条に基づく財務局に対する届出が行われておりません。なお、本告知は
お客様によるご同意のもとに、電磁的に交付させていただいております。
＜適格機関投資家用資料＞
本資料は、適格機関投資家のお客さまのみを対象に作成されたものです。本資料における金融商品は適格機関投資家のお客さまの
みがお取引可能であり、適格機関投資家以外のお客さまからのご注文等はお受けできませんので、ご注意ください。 商号等/ゴー
ルドマン・サックス証券株式会社 金融商品取引業者
関東財務局長（金商）第６９号
加入協会/
日本証券業協会、一般社団法人金融先物取引業協会、一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会、一般社団法人投資信
託協会、一般社団法人日本投資顧問業協会
本書又はその添付資料に信用格付が記載されている場合、日本格付研究所（JCR）及び格付投資情報センター（R&I）による格付
は、登録信用格付業者による格付（登録格付）です。その他の格付は登録格付である旨の記載がない場合は、無登録格付です。無
登録格付を投資判断に利用する前に、「無登録格付に関する説明書」（http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html）
を十分にお読みください。
If any credit ratings are contained in this material or any attachments, those that have been issued by Japan Credit Rating Agency, 
Ltd. (JCR) or Rating and Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) are credit ratings that have been issued by a credit rating agency 
registered in Japan (registered credit ratings). Other credit ratings are unregistered unless denoted as being registered. Before using 
unregistered credit ratings to make investment decisions, please carefully read "Explanation Regarding Unregistered Credit Ratings" 
(http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html).
Notice to Mexican Investors: Information contained herein is not meant for the general public in Mexico. The services or products 
provided by or through Goldman Sachs Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (GS Mexico) may not be offered or sold to the general 
public in Mexico. You have received information herein exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS Mexico or any other 
Goldman Sachs business. The selection and engagement with any of the offered services or products through GS Mexico will be 
carried out directly by you at your own risk. Before acting to implement any chosen service or product provided by or through GS 
Mexico you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek 
professional advice. Information contained herein related to GS Mexico services or products, as well as any other information, shall 
not be considered as a product coming from research, nor it contains any recommendation to invest, not to invest, hold or sell any 
security and may not be supplied to the general public in Mexico.
Notice to New Zealand Investors: When this document is disseminated in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO") , 
Goldman Sachs International ("GSI"), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC") or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively 
the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, is intended only for a person that has first satisfied; the GS entities that the 
person is someone:
(i) who is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New 
Zealand) (the "FMC Act");
(ii) who meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act;
(iii) who is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or
(iv) is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.
No offer to acquire the interests is being made to you in this document. Any offer will only be made in circumstances where disclosure 
is not required under the Financial Markets Conducts Act 2013 or the Financial Markets Conduct Regulations 2014.
The attached fund information has not yet been tailored for the Korean market. While Goldman Sachs Asia L.L.C, Seoul Branch, holds 
a funds distribution license, none of the funds referred to herein are registered in Korea, nor otherwise ready for distribution in Korea 
at the time of distribution of this material. Before any distribution arrangement is agreed, we will need to ensure appropriate steps 
are taken to allow distribution of the funds, including registration of fund under the relevant laws and regulations of Korea. This 
information is provided for informational purposes only and must not be copied or distributed to any third party. It is for the purpose 
of further discussion of potential distribution arrangements only and we are not soliciting any action based on it. This information is 
not intended to be used as a general guide to investing, or as a source of any specific investment recommendations and should not 
be construed as research or investment advice.


[Page 8]
GLOBAL BANKING & MARKETS | FICC & EQUITIES
8
Prime Services |  Hedge Fund Insights & Analytics
DISCLAIMERS
Hedge Fund Performance  |  August 2026
Notice to Swiss Investors: This is marketing material for financial instruments or services. The information contained in this material 
is for general informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer, solicitation, invitation or recommendation to buy or sell 
any financial instruments or to provide any investment advice or service of any kind.
Not all services or products can be made available in Taiwan. Any particular offer of securities may not have been and may not be 
registered with the Securities and Futures Bureau, Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws 
and regulations and may therefore not be capable of being sold or publicly offered in Taiwan. The Goldman Sachs companies 
involved in any such promotion may not maintain any licenses, authorisations or registrations in Taiwan. Therefore, for such 
securities, any subscriptions into the securities must be received in a currency foreign to, and to an account offshore, Taiwan. Any 
issue of such securities will not take effect until a valid subscription is received and accepted in accordance with the offering 
materials, outside Taiwan.
Notice to Investors in Korea: Marquee is made available in Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Seoul Branch.
Notice to German Investors: This is marketing material.
The information contained in this document does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a public offer of securities in the 
United Arab Emirates in accordance with the commercial companies law (federal law no. 2 of 2015), esca board of directors' decision 
no. (9/r.m.) of 2016, esca chairman decision no 3/r.m. of 2017 concerning promoting and introducing regulations or otherwise under 
the laws of the United Arab Emirates. accordingly, the interests in the securities may not be offered to the public in the UAE (including 
the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi global market). this document has not been approved by, or filed with the 
central bank of the United Arab Emirates, the securities and commodities authority, the Dubai financial services authority, the 
financial services regulatory authority or any other relevant licensing authorities in the United Arab Emirates. If you do not 
understand the contents of this document, you should consult with a financial advisor. This document is provided to the recipient 
only and should not be provided to or relied on by any other person.
© 2026 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved.
