[Page 1]
Article | 15 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  15 September 2026
  COMMODITIES DAILY
The Commodities Feed: Saudi supply
uncertainty has oil extending gains
Oil prices remain firmly supported, with that floor unlikely to give way
until markets get clearer visibility on Saudi supply after the East–West
pipeline shutdown
Energy – Saudi supply uncertainty
Oil prices surged yesterday amid broader escalation in the Middle East and the shutdown of
Saudi Arabia’s 7m b/d East-West pipeline. ICE Brent traded to an intraday high of just below
$110/bbl, a level at which the market has faced tough resistance over the last 3 days. Front-
month futures eventually settled a little over 1% higher on the day at $105.68/bbl, following
comments from President Trump on both Iran and Russia/Ukraine. Trump posted that Iran is
keen to make a deal and said he’s open to it. He also said that Russia and Ukraine have agreed
to stop hitting each other’s energy infrastructure. Attacks on Russian refining infrastructure
have tightened the global diesel market.
Plenty of uncertainty remains over the extent of damage and the duration of the outage for
the East-West pipeline in Saudi Arabia. Prices are likely to remain well supported until we get
clarity. Reports suggest the pipeline could be offline for several weeks. The Saudis have oil in
storage tanks at Yanbu, which should sustain exports for several days. The risk is that port
stocks run out before the pipeline resumes. Some suggest the Saudis are looking to increase
exports via the Strait of Hormuz amid the pipeline outage. Given the disruptions in the Strait of
Hormuz, that may be easier said than done.


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 15 September 2026
2
Despite Trump stating that Russia and Ukraine agreed to halt hitting each other’s energy
infrastructure, we’ve seen little relief in middle distillate cracks. The ICE gasoil crack remains
above $80/bbl and near record levels. This suggests the market may be a bit sceptical about
the agreement. Also, Russia continues to have a diesel export ban in place for now. This is set
to continue until the end of this month. We could see some easing in middle distillate cracks if
Russia lifts the export ban. However, that would require easing attacks on Russian refineries.
Given the tightness in diesel markets, including in the US, there’s growing noise around
potential US export controls on oil and refined products. The US administration is pushing back
on the idea, saying that an export ban would do little to lower prices. While a ban on refined
products may offer some immediate price relief, it would weigh on refinery margins and
eventually lead refiners to reduce run rates, meaning higher prices over the longer term.
European natural gas prices remain well supported, with TTF trading well above EUR80/MWh.
Escalation in the Middle East is deflating hopes of any imminent pick-up in LNG flows from the
Persian Gulf. This leaves the global LNG market tight and vulnerable as we edge closer towards
the northern hemisphere heating season. EU gas storage is a little over 68% full, well below the
seasonal 5-year average of 84%. Moves in the JKM-TTF spread suggest that Europe should be
pulling in spot cargoes. Despite this, the region will struggle to hit its lower storage target of
75% ahead of winter.
Metals – Gold slips ahead of Fed, AI concerns hit copper
Gold traded lower as a sharp rise in oil fuelled inflation concerns and strengthened
expectations that the Federal Reserve could deliver its first rate hike since 2023 this week.
Higher Treasury yields and a firmer US dollar added to the pressure, with investors reducing
exposure ahead of Wednesday's decision. Much of the hawkish Fed risk appears to be priced in.
However, gold could remain vulnerable if policymakers signal rates will stay higher for longer.
Persistent geopolitical risks and concerns over the economic impact of elevated energy prices
should continue to provide underlying support.
In base metals, copper continued to pull back. Calls from leading technology executives to slow
AI development hit tech stocks and weighed on copper, raising concerns over the outlook for
data-centre investment. This added to pressure from signs of improving exchange availability,
which eased some of the supply concerns that had driven prices to record highs. Rising
inventories and softer nearby spreads suggest that the extreme tightness across the LME
market is beginning to moderate. A stronger dollar and cautious sentiment ahead of the Fed
meeting also weighed on the wider base metals complex.
In the near term, copper could remain under pressure as stretched positioning unwinds.
Persistent mine-supply constraints should continue to support prices.


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 15 September 2026
3
Agriculture – China tops half of US soybean commitment
China is estimated to have purchased nearly 13mt of US soybeans this season, exceeding half
of its annual commitment of 25mt through 2028. This progress is viewed as a positive signal
for US-China trade relations ahead of President Xi Jinping’s visit to Washington. In addition to
soybean imports, China has committed to purchasing at least $17bn of US agricultural
products, with the 2026 target adjusted on a pro-rata basis.
Ukraine’s Agriculture Ministry reported that grain and legume exports in the 2026/27
marketing season have fallen 24% year-on-year to 4.3mt as of 14 September. Corn exports
nearly doubled from a year earlier to 1.8mt, while wheat shipments declined 48% YoY to
2.1mt. The overall drop in exports was driven mainly by continued Russian attacks on Black
Sea trade routes.
Author
Warren Patterson
Head of Commodities Strategy
Warren.Patterson@asia.ing.com
Ewa Manthey
Commodities Strategist
ewa.manthey@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 15 September 2026
4
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
