[Page 1]
Article | 15 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  15 September 2026
  RATES SPARK
Rates Spark: How about a 50bp hike?
Now that would be quite the statement
Close your ears Mr President, but 50bp might be the right move, as it
could be more fitting with how Chair Warsh might like to pursue policy.
We re not calling for it, as we go for 25bp. But, is Chair Warsh just going
to deliver the market discount? Really? After all that we ll do things
differently talk? This is why this meeting is so intriguing
A 50bp rate hike by the Federal Reserve could be the right move (Mr President), although we think it will
be 25bp instead - the market discount
We think a 25bp hike. But lets discuss
So, how are we positioned ahead of the Fed decision? Basically, the Federal Reserve must hike,
and if it doesn't, it has quite some explaining to do, as a hike is practically fully discounted. The
issue is just that. Chair Warsh would be delivering on the market discount, one that he, to a
significant extent, manufactured through guidance (from his Jackson Hole speech). This is
precisely the round and round that Chair Warsh voiced as quite sub-optimal: the circular from
Fed guidance to the market discount to Fed delivery of that discount. There are two
alternatives. One is no change in rates, which is not impossible given that we're still getting our
heads around Warsh. But still, quite unlikely, partly as it could really kill off the back end.
The other option is to hike by 50bp. Doing so would see the Fed take some degree of control of


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 15 September 2026
2
the situation, which may well be more preferable from Chair Warsh's perspective. Presumably,
such a move would not be followed by forward guidance (as that's not what he likes), but it
could still be "guided" as akin to a "one and done", or at the very least, getting ahead of the
curve, through a chunky "insurance hike". That's the reward. But the risk could be market
instability. The back end should be comforted by this, as the Fed would be seen to be actively
protecting it. But it could just as easily freak out the back end, as it validates the 100bp rise
seen in the 10yr yield in the past half year, and it engineers a follow-through sell-off. All things
considered, this is the move that is more likely to tame the back end (if it can be tamed at this
juncture).
For clarity, we're going for 25bp. See more here. And for our views on longer tenor rates, see
more here.
Term premium can keep building, bear steepening curves
Rate markets continue to show volatility and higher longer rates suggest not everything is
about near-term central bank expectations. The term premium is doing its own thing and adds
uncertainty to the rates outlook. Even if oil prices were to ease lower from here, other factors
might keep the long end sticky at elevated levels. For one, the yield on a 30Y Japanese
government bond is rising rapidly again. Meanwhile, lower liquidity at such longer tenors in the
euro swap space is adding to the volatility. US deficit concerns are also unlikely to fade.
The question is then, who wants to jump in at these higher rates. Exposures to long-duration
bonds are typically a hedge against recession risk, but this doesn’t seem a focus for markets
currently. Typically, the term premium can keep rising in favourable economic circumstances
as growth and positive sentiment add upward pressure. Yet we cannot forget the flip side of
this. Booms are followed by busts. Timing is of course the issue here. We could be at the
beginning of a cyclical upswing driven by AI as the driving engine, or we could be at peak
global growth followed by a cooling from here onwards. Plenty of arguments for both
directions. For now, we think the upward pressure can sustain. For 2027 we are, however, more
pessimistic, especially on the US economic outlook.
Wednesday’s events and market view
The Fed will take the spotlight on Wednesday. By now, the market is pricing an over
90% probability of a hike, which would take the Fed funds target range to 3.75-4%.
One thing market participants will watch is whether the dot plot pencils in more
tightening by the end of this year.
Ahead of the Fed meeting there will be some notable data releases over the course of
Wednesday, starting with the UK inflation numbers for August. In the eurozone we will
get the industrial production data for July. Of further interest surrounding the debate


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 15 September 2026
3
about second-round inflation effects will be the European Central Bank’s release of its
wage tracker. Speakers scheduled for the day are Vujcic and Nagel from the ECB.
Turning to the US, import/export prices can round off the inflation picture; retail sales
are expected to have improved in August. We will also get the mortgage application
numbers and the NAHB housing market index.
In primary markets, Germany taps two ultra-long bonds (€2.5bn).
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Michiel Tukker
Senior UK & Eurozone Rates Strategist
michiel.tukker@ing.com
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 15 September 2026
4
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
