[Page 1]
15 September 2026, 09:00 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Frontier 'pacing' calls may not spell an end to AI 
capex cycle
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Jon Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Podcast: Europe’s political pendulum swings wider, on Apple and
Spotify (26 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why higher rates alone don't mean lower 
equities (6 mins)
Video: UBS Explains | What is happening in the US bond market? (5 
mins)
Thought of the day
AI-linked chip stocks came under pressure on Monday, after several 
leading US frontier artificial intelligence labs publicly backed efforts to pace 
development of the most advanced models. Leading North Asia memory 
stocks saw mid-single-digit declines, and the US Philadelphia semi index fell 
5.9%, though pressure has eased into the Tuesday session.
Leaders from frontier labs over the weekend made the public case for 
stronger safeguards and coordination. This follows closed-door talks between 
these labs to form an “industry-led AI safety standards body,” according 
to The Information. The safety debate has intensified in recent weeks 
as departing “alignment” researchers at leading labs have warned that 
advanced AI development could threaten human survival.
A bipartisan US Senate effort to establish national AI rules is also progressing, 
according to Reuters, and California enacted standards for independent AI 
auditors last week. US President Donald Trump on Monday characterized the 
AI misuse fears as a "hoax" and suggested sufficient US regulations were 
already in place.
The high-profile, coordinated calls to pace AI development are certainly 
notable. But we would caution against equating stronger safeguards with an 
end to the AI capex cycle:
Pacing does not necessarily imply lower capex. First, AI compute 
demand stems from both training models and running them, a process 
  
What to watch: 16 September
• Japan's balance of trade in August
• UK August inflation
• US August retail sales
• Fed policy decision
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch,
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 7


[Page 2]
Daily US
known as inference, with the latter estimated to account for roughly two-
thirds of demand. Importantly, inference demand is driven primarily by real-
world adoption and monetization, in our view, with the practical challenges 
of integrating AI into existing enterprise operations a greater constraint than 
current model capabilities. Training demand, by contrast, is more directly 
tied to the costs and expected returns of developing more capable models. 
The safety proposal also explicitly distinguishes pacing from halting model 
training, and xAI’s Elon Musk confirmed on Sunday that further training 
was under way for its leading-edge Grok 4.8 model. OpenAI also recently 
reiterated its expectations for continued growth in memory demand. We 
retain our 2027 AI industry capex forecast of USD 1.2tr, a rise of 33% from 
our estimate of USD 900bn this year.
Regulation could reshape competition, not just development. This may 
represent the industry acknowledging a more challenging political backdrop 
into the US midterm elections, with voter concerns spanning employment 
and data center electricity and water consumption. The push to address safety 
concerns also appears to reflect growing internal pressure from employees 
within frontier AI labs, rather than political positioning alone. The labs’ 
efforts to establish common standards may reflect a desire to shape future 
AI regulation, such as limits on the liability of platforms for what their users 
do with AI. More stringent evaluation requirements could also favor larger, 
better-funded incumbents, while raising the barriers to entry for startups, and 
closing the door to overseas competitors who are unable to accept external 
oversight.
Pacing calls arrive at a less frothy moment for AI stocks. The SOXX 
traded at around 21 times forward earnings prior to Monday's decline, versus 
33 times in June and its post-ChatGPT average of 24 times. The "Magnificent 
Six" group trades at roughly 23 times forward earnings, or about 25% below 
its October 2025 valuation. Earnings continue to grow fast, with the latest 
consensus estimates implying semiconductor earnings per share growth of 
103% this year and 46% next year. Meanwhile, OpenRouter’s token volumes 
have risen about 176% since the end of June, pointing to growing AI usage.
So, we think the key question for investors is not whether frontier 
development slows, but whether AI demand and monetization will continue 
to expand. We believe the answer is still yes. We continue to favor a 
diversified approach across the AI value chain, combining infrastructure 
beneficiaries (including semiconductors, networking, power, and cloud) with 
larger platforms and software companies positioned to monetize adoption. 
Investors with concentrated holdings within AI may consider rebalancing 
toward this broader mix. Stronger AI safeguards may reshape competition, 
but the proposals so far do not establish that the AI capex cycle is ending. 
Stepping back, we remain constructive on equities overall, despite a more 
restrictive policy outlook, supported by earnings growth, AI investment, and 
a resilient economy.
Caught our attention
Bond pressure builds. The 10-year US Treasury yield surpassed 5% for the 
first time since 2023, as inflation worries and a higher-for-longer rates outlook 
continue to weigh on the global bond market. Trading at 5.03% at the time 
of writing, the US benchmark stands at the highest level since 2007.
Our view: Yield volatility is likely to continue in the near term, as investors look 
to the Federal Reserve’s interest rate decision and outlook on Wednesday. 
But we still see reasons to hold quality bonds in portfolios, with the high level 
of outright starting yields providing healthy income as well as a degree of 
Page 2 of 7


[Page 3]
Daily US
resilience amid volatility. As markets have been pricing for rate hikes since 
mid-May, yields are less likely to be repriced significantly higher when the Fed 
delivers the increases. We see value in a diversified fixed income approach, 
and investors willing and able to consider instruments that combine bonds 
and options may also explore structured strategies for alternative sources of 
yield.
Page 3 of 7


[Page 4]
Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 7


[Page 5]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 5 of 7


[Page 6]
Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
Page 6 of 7


[Page 7]
Daily US
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 7 of 7
