DB CoTD: September Sticks to the Seasonal Script 
 
We've had very good numbers for the survey, which will close at 1pm London time. If you haven't filled in, one last 
chance. There are fascinating answers so far on what you see as the main reason for the bond market sell-off, and 
how you think the US resolves its fiscal situation. You can fill it in here. It should only take 2-3 mins. Many thanks. 
  
As it’s the start of October and Q4 today, Henry Allen has just released our regular performance review on how 
financial assets fared in the month and quarter just gone. You can read the full note here. 
 
Q3 was a mixed bag overall, with several inflationary impulses and more rate hikes driving a major global bond selloff. 
However, equities were resilient in the face of that, thanks to decent growth numbers and strong earnings. Yet even 
for equities, the quarter ended on a tougher note, with September seeing a modest pullback in line with the usual 
seasonal pattern. So, it was another year when September lived up to its reputation as the worst month for market 
performance. 
Running through some of the highlights: 
• 
The re-escalation in the Iran conflict and the breakdown of the MoU drove a big jump in oil prices. Brent 
crude was back up +42.0% in Q3, whilst WTI was up +30.1%. 

• 
The inflationary impulse wasn’t just confined to oil prices though. Agricultural commodities also surged, 
with Bloomberg’s agriculture spot index up +13.1% in Q3, its biggest quarterly jump since 2022. Among 
others, Q3 saw big jumps for sugar (+22.9%), corn (+21.3%) and wheat (+16.4%). 
• 
Those inflationary impulses drove a major global bond selloff, particularly in September. Indeed, the US 
10yr Treasury yield surged +53bps last month, its biggest monthly jump in 4 years. It also marked their 7th 
consecutive monthly increase, which is the first time that’s happened since 2011. 
• 
It was a similar story in the Eurozone, with Euro sovereigns down -4.4% in total return terms in Q3, their 
worst quarterly performance since 2022. French OATs struggled in particular, with the spread of France’s 
10yr yield over bunds surging +48bps in Q3 to 127bps. That’s the widest it’s been since 2012, shortly before 
Mario Draghi delivered his famous “whatever it takes” speech, which proved to be a turning point in the 
Euro Crisis. 
• 
However, it wasn’t all bad news in Q3. Earnings were robust and growth was resilient, with the flash PMIs 
for September showing that if anything, growth was accelerating across many of the world’s biggest 
economies. Indeed, the composite PMI hit a 5-year high in the US, and a 3-year high in the Eurozone. 
• 
That strength in growth and earnings meant that global equities were fairly resilient in Q3, with the S&P 
500 up +2.3% in total return terms over the quarter, thanks to a big jump for the Mag 7 (+11.1%). That 
helped the S&P 500 hit an all-time high in August, but it then slipped back a bit in September, with a -0.3% 
monthly fall in total return terms that continued September’s reputation as one of the worst for global 
markets. 
• 
That growth strength was itself a contributor to the bond selloff, and it gave central banks the space to 
deliver more rate hikes. September saw the Fed’s first hike since 2023, and they signalled a further hike this 
year in the dot plot. The ECB also delivered a hike, with their statement warning that “inflation is set to 
remain well above target for an extended period”. And in Japan, they hiked the policy rate to 1.25%, the 
highest since 1995. 
• 
One of the worst performers in Q3 were semiconductor stocks, seeing a decent pullback after their surge 
in Q2. For instance, the Philly semiconductor index was down -11.2% in Q3, having been up +88.0% in Q2. 
For those who track the seasonals, the historical trends do get better from here, as Q4 has generally been the 
strongest for equities, which makes a change from September’s reputation. Indeed, in the 21st century so far, Q4 has 
seen the fewest negative performances for the S&P 500 of any quarter of the year, with just 1 of the last 13 Q4s in 
negative territory for the index.  
See Henry's report for the full Q3 and September review. 
 
