 
 
1 October 2026
◼ JGB knife falling more slowly than that of DM bonds 
◼ Japanese funds are starting to come home  
◼ OATs highly exposed to Japanese buyers’ strike 
For decades Japanese investors have been on a global hunt for yield. With rates in Japan 
above that of all hedged DM government bonds, relative stability in JGB long end and political 
pressure in favour of repatriation, we see the tide beginning to turn on Japanese buying of foreign 
bonds. Less outflows and greater fund repatriation is Yen and JGB positive further reinforcing 
the trade. For the rest of the world, upward pressure on yields comes at an inopportune time. 
EGBs, and especially France’s OATs, are the most exposed. 
Investing offshore, hedged and more recently unhedged, has been a clear winner for Japanese 
fixed income funds for decades. The backdrop is no longer as clear cut. JGB yields are above that 
of hedged DM counterparts and the Yen if not clearly appreciating (we think it can cross USDJPY 
152 this year) has hit strong support levels. 
Catching a falling knife. Although JGB yields were increasingly attractive from 2022 onwards 
traders were loath to suffer substantial capital losses as bonds repriced to reflect an economy 
with nominal growth and a benign wage price spiral.  
Relative stability in the long end is changing the dynamic. The BoJ has finally recognised that 
the Japanese economy is resilient to higher rates and that current monetary policy is overly 
accommodative. The bank forecasts core inflation at or above target through to 2029, loan 
Global Watch 
PARIS DERANGEMENT SYNDROME 
 
Davide Oneglia / Rory Green
Chart 2: Term premium supports JGBs 
Sources: Bloomberg, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
-1%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
20
22
24
26
Daiwa JGB Term Premium
JGB 10y
Chart 1: Japanese money is coming home 
Sources: MoF, CEIC, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
06
08
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
Japan net buying foreign long-term debt securities,
12m sum JPY trn

 
 
 
 
  
Global Watch | 1 October 2026 
 
2 
growth is 7% YoY, wages are set to rise by 3-4% again in 2027, and real rates remain deeply 
negative.  
TSL takes Ueda’s comment about a “new phase” in monetary policy seriously and see the bank 
hiking once every three months. December is our base case for the next hike, but October is 
live. We think markets misinterpreted the September move as a “dovish hike” leading Ueda to 
schedule an impromptu speech for October 5. Inflation and activity data have since come out 
strong and government rhetoric denying “reflationist” and “yen weakness” tendencies has 
increased sharply, expect a hawkish market adjustment in the coming weeks. 
Accelerated BoJ tightening has helped and will continue to stabilize JGB term premium which 
is essentially flat over the past five months. Recent moves in nominal yields have been entirely 
driven by repricing of terminal rates to 2%, in line with our forecast. A development that contrasts 
favourable with most other DM bonds dragged higher by a mix of politics/fiscal/ and still upward 
pressure on term premium. 
The Japanese knife is falling slower than that of foreign bonds and fund flows are shifting as 
result. Japanese investors are net sellers of long-term foreign debt over the past 12 months. 
Portfolio inflows have flipped positive. And with a hawkish central bank and clear government 
intervention undermining the carry trade (Takaichi & Bessent), Yen appreciation is further 
reinforcing a growing home bias. JGBs outperformed OATs on a total return basis over the past 
three months, the first time since 2024. There is much more to come.  
Politics can be the accelerant. The repatriation of capital is only just beginning amid signs that 
the GPIF whale is starting to move. We think a major change in pension allocations could occur 
well before the next officially mandated review, scheduled for 2030. 
Looking back to the last major benchmark changes under Abe in 2014, there were several clear 
signals that preceded shifts in benchmark weights. Strong political messaging was the initial 
catalyst, followed, by the utilization of permitted under-/overweights (GPIF was underweight 
domestic bonds before the mandate changed). This took place during a multi-year period of 
consensus building via external think tanks, the MoF, the BoJ, the Ministry of Health and others. 
Comments by Minister of Finance Katayama earlier this year are likely to have marked the 
start of this process. We expect that more will be heard from the MoF and that the GPIF will 
gradually make use of its ability to deviate from benchmark weights. At present, the GPIF 
Chart 4: Japan proves resilient 
Sources: Bloomberg, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
10Y bp change
30Y bp change
JGBs outperform in September
JP
EU
UK
US
Chart 3: Japanese bonds finally outperform 
Sources: Bloomberg, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
0.25
0.3
0.35
0.4
0.45
21
22
23
24
25
26
JGB total return / OAT JPY hedged total 
return

 
 
 
 
  
Global Watch | 1 October 2026 
 
3 
benchmark is equally weighted between domestic bonds, foreign bonds, domestic equities and 
foreign equities. However, the fund is permitted a deviation of up to 6 percentage points in 
domestic bonds and equities and foreign equities as well as a 5 pt deviation in foreign bonds. 
Typically, the GPIF (along with other state funds) has stuck closely to the 25% weighting for 
domestic bonds and equities when rebalancing the portfolio. However, we can already see a 
deviation starting to build: as of end of March, the weighting for domestic bonds was at 27%. With 
pressure from Tokyo slowly building, GPIF officials have mentioned making more use of the 
ability to deviate further from benchmarks. 
A stronger Yen driven by fund repatriation flows has implications that go well beyond Tokyo. 
Repatriation of Japanese capital flows, especially in the form of Japanese investors’ 
reallocation from foreign to domestic bonds, is likely already contributing to the upside 
pressure on yields across US Treasuries and EGBs. Historically, extremely low rates in Japan 
compared to the rest of the world and the entrenched expectations that this would remain the 
case forever, meant Japanese investors had become major holders of foreign bonds.  
Japanese investors’ historical preference for FX hedging has been a key tailwind for EGBs 
until 2022. From late-2016 and until the post-Covid hiking cycle by Western central banks, JPY-
based investors would in fact get paid for hedging their euro exposure (negative hedging costs), 
boosting incentives for holding EGBs. Since 2022, though, as the BoJ lagged its peers, sticking to 
its extremely accommodative policy, the cost of hedging reversed markedly, peaking around 
September 2023 (at 4.2% for the euro).  
While the market fretted about the risk of Japanese investors retreating from foreign bond 
markets, this did not happen. As we have often written since 2023 (e.g. here and here), the 
combination of still unattractive JGBs alongside too-good-to-refuse unhedged yield abroad 
meant that Japanese investors did not rush to withdraw from foreign bond markets. Unlike 
what most pundits assumed, we documented that Japanese investors had learned to love 
unhedged positions, with lifers lowering their hedging ratios from ~60% over 2016-21 to ~40% in 
2024-25.  
But has we have been flagging since the turn of the year, the macro picture has been 
structurally shifting in favour of Japanese investors’ reallocation towards domestic bonds. 
While a change in trend took longer to become visible than we expected, now domestic and 
foreign factors are both pushing in the same direction.  
Chart 5: FX hedging favoured EGBs until 2022… 
 
Sources: Bloomberg, Macrobond, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
Table 1: … not anymore 
 
Sources: Bloomberg, GlobalData TS Lombard. 

 
 
 
 
  
Global Watch | 1 October 2026 
 
4 
EGBs look particularly exposed. It’s well known that Japan is the largest foreign holder of US 
Treasuries, both directly and via financial vehicles domiciled in the Cayman Islands. Naturally, 
rebalancing towards domestic bonds does imply a shift away from USTs, but arguably EGBs are 
in a more fragile position.  
First, US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has been trying all tools in the box to make sure 
whatever the Japanese do to revalue the Yen or tweak portfolio allocation does not involve selling 
USTs. Why not selling (more) EGBs instead? This was the implicit message in the small, but 
highly symbolic US-Japan coordinated Yen intervention this summer, when the US Treasury sold 
EUR instead of USD against JPY without even informing European authorities in advance. 
Second, while EGB holdings pale in comparison with UST holdings, Japanese investors do sit on a 
lot of EGBs. Third, higher energy prices filtered through a hawkish ECB reaction function in 
conjunction with growing political risks seem like very good reasons to lower exposure to EGBs 
even if Japanese investors didn’t have good domestic alternatives, which they do have now. 
French OATs are directly on the firing line. Among EGBs, French bonds hold a special place in 
Japanese investors’ heart. A curious mix of cultural fascination for the country of Molière and of 
the Ville Lumière alongside French bonds’ high status at the core of the European project without 
Chart 6: Japanese investors love their OATs 
Sources: MoF, BoJ, Macrobond, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
Chart 7: OATs are Japan’s largest EGB holding 
Sources: MoF, BoJ, Macrobond, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
Chart 8: Japanese investors going back home? 
Sources: MoF, BoJ, Datastream, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
-300
-200
-100
0
100
200
300
-120
-80
-40
0
40
80
120
Feb-14
Mar-16
Apr-18
May-20
Jun-22
Jul-24
Aug-26
DE
FR
NL
IT
ES
Other EA*
Total EA
US (rhs)
Japanese net purchases of LT debt securities, 12m sum, 100bn yen
*BE, LU, IE, FI, PT, GR
Chart 9: Don’t count on another UST-EGB rotations 
Sources: MoF, BoJ, Datastream, GlobalData TS Lombard. 
-100
-50
0
50
100
-60
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
80
Feb-14
Mar-16
Apr-18
May-20
Jun-22
Jul-24
Aug-26
DE
FR
NL
IT
ES
Other EA*
Total EA
US (rhs)
Japanese net purchases of LT debt securities, 3m sum, 100bn yen
*BE, LU, IE, FI, PT, GR

 
 
 
 
  
Global Watch | 1 October 2026 
 
5 
the strong liquidity premium and extremely low yields associated with German Bunds have 
historically drawn Japanese investors to OATs. (We often talked about France’s “exorbitant 
privilege” as a borrower inside the Euro Area – this is another manifestation of that phenomenon.) 
As a result, French bonds constitute Japan’s second largest holding of foreign bonds behind 
USTs. While this stock has been reduced over the past couple of years, it remains by far the 
largest among European bonds.  
Focussing on long-term bond net purchases on a 12-month rolling sum basis, prior to Covid, 
Japanese investors were generally net buyers of EGBs, with net purchases of OATs just partly 
offset by net sales of low-yielding Bunds. The only major exception to this trend was – not 
coincidentally – 2017, when OATs came under pressure as Marine Le Pen made it for the first 
time to the second round of the French Presidential election. But later, with political risk in France 
receding (Italian populism being seen as isolated), Fed hikes, and high FX-hedged euro yield pick-
up boosting already generous carry, Japanese investors jumped back into OATs and other EGBs. 
Growing expectations that the Fed was also reaching the end of its hiking cycle and might reverse 
course also prompted a recoupling in USTs and EGBs net purchases which lasted until the 2022-
23 hiking cycle. Then, Fed-ECB rate differentials meant Japanese investors (now hedging much 
less) would prefer USTs over EGBs. France plunging back into political chaos in mid-2024 further 
sustained this rotation. 
Now, one could be tempted to think that this UST-EGB rotation is reversing once again in 
EGBs’ favour. Looking at portfolio flows at a higher frequency (3m rolling sums), Japanese 
investors have recently flipped to be net buyers of EGBs. But, in fact, there are good reasons to 
take a less optimistic view this time. First, the latest round of net purchases featured Bunds 
more prominently than OATs. Second, with the BoJ likely to validate market pricing of a 2% 
terminal rate by mid-2027 and a move by big Japanese bond investors like GPIF to increase 
their domestic bond weights (see above), capital flows are more likely to find their way back 
home into JGBs. 
Market implications are threefold: 
1 
Japanese portfolio flows are going to be less supportive of global foreign bond 
markets, contributing to further upside pressures on yields in the US and Europe. The 
flip side of this is greater momentum is building for JGBs and Yen. 
2 
OATs are particularly vulnerable to the shift, closely followed by BTPs. Japanese 
investors’ withdrawal would compound other major factors of EGB underperformance – 
high energy prices, ECB hawkishness rising political risk, especially in France (see here 
and here). Indeed, we suspect the latest round of rapid OAT selling over the past 
week might have been fuelled by Japanese portfolio rebalancing – a factor largely 
overlooked in mainstream accounts. 
3 
To be sure, the question is not if EGBs or USTs will find other buyers – of course, they 
will. But there is a question of which type of investor will buy the bonds. This is 
especially relevant for the long end of the yield curves, where changing market 
structure meant that more “speculative” investors (hedge funds, but also insurers) have 
emerged as marginal bond buyers supplanting central banks and especially pension 
funds. To the extent that Japanese flows into EGBs and USTs where relatively stable 
and long-term, a withdrawal of that source of demand might well add to the recent 
increase in volatility at the long end of global yield curves in US and Europe. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
  
Global Watch | 1 October 2026 
 
6 
Disclaimer 
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard 
Street Research Limited, Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK 
Limited (together “TSL Research Group”).  This report is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL 
Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be reproduced, stored in 
a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, 
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group. 
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources 
believed to be reliable but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL 
Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum 
extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of 
this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the 
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is 
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information 
contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of 
this report based on the information available. 
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, 
or estimates. Past performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, 
and no representation or warranty, express or implied is made regarding future performance. This 
information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete or 
condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The 
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in 
this report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are 
subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or 
income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not 
have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. 
Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the 
types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report. 
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions. 
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in 
England No. 10232483 
 
 
