GS Wijaya - GS SECTOR SPECIALISTS Energy, Natural
Resources and Utilities Preview Wednesday Thoughts 30 Sep 2026
Adam Wijaya  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
30 Sep 2026
Wednesday Thoughts Will be in Midtown marketing today with my EU Metals + Materials counterpart
James McGeoch... spent most of the day yesterday with
Wednesday Thoughts
Will be in Midtown marketing today with my EU Metals + Materials counterpart James McGeoch... spent
most of the day yesterday with folks on GLEN setup / positioning, thoughts on precious (macro vs micro -
does it matter?), EU vs US steel (clear that most folks lean bullish US), iron ore (any cares?) and thermal
vs met coal (own both or just a trade into winter?)... let me know if want to chat on takeaways
Uranium. Equity price action has been disappointing despite the macro (well, maybe uranium specific
macro) remaining bullish. Rates, oil / diesel, concerns on growth are all top down concerns cited for the
magnitude of underperformance over the last couple of months. The majority of the stocks are down YTD
- and what's interesting here - if you talk to folks that traffic in REE / critical minerals, the consensus view
is ‘the market is tight and getting tighter by the day’... so is there any read to uranium? In some ways yes -
in some ways no. Two very different market + contract structures, end users and S/D landscapes - but we
would still think energy + supply chain security are themes that are applicable to both REE and uranium. I
have seen very few bearish signals from the uranium market and even though desk conversations are fairly
cautious on the equities - there is still momentum on the policy / macro front… Canada for the most part
has been full steam ahead on nuclear + uranium – and don’t think this headline should be left out this
morning: Premier Scott Moe goes big on nuclear with plans to explore 2 large nuclear reactors in
northwest Sask ().
Most asked question yesterday. What’s going on in OFS? Price action yesterday was a one-way Street
lower across the group (NESR -11%, SLB -3%, PTEN -3%, HAL -3%) – and inbounds have centered
around 3Q preview season as the driving force here… starting to see sellside numbers refresh and there’s
more concern on International names (particularly ME levered) for the quarter (NESR most highlighted
given price action). We think the concerns on ME levered names aren’t necessarily for the prints coming
in the next few weeks – but how much of a ‘heavy lift’ could it be for 4Q / implications for FY guidance.
A number of names have broken the 200d and importantly didn’t see a bounce off these levels (BKR,
HAL, WFRD sticking out to most)… Brent is still above $100/b even with Hormuz flows recovering
recently – specialists still highlighting willingness to fade this move in oil (and begs the question – how
much more downside do the oily linked equities have from here?)
Chart for the road. Updated last night from our Research team … US Power Pipeline tracker ()
Net capacity increase in August/26, driven by increases in Solar and Battery Storage

Source: GIR.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
