[Page 1]
GS Callahan - GS US TMT Day 2 takes, Day 3 preview GS
Communacopia Technology Conf 10 Sep 2026
Peter Callahan  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  TMT Sector Specialist
Thu 10 Sep 2026, 10:48am ET
GS US TMT .... Day 2 takes, Day 3 preview … GS Communacopia + Technology Conf ..
… reminder, everything re conference logistics that you may need can be found on Marquee (agenda,
webcasts, previews / reviews and more);
Day 2 themes + takeaways:
Investor sentiment check (desk take) .. a largely upbeat week of datapoints and soundbites across the TMT
landscape (healthy consumer soundbites, steady Enterprise demand trends, a healthy Semi S/D backdrop)
– that said, investor convos throughout the week continue to be underscored by a healthy tension about
fully “re-committing” to the AI infra trade – “bottoms up” datapoints remain very constructive
(supply/demand remains tight, token demand is robust and product innovation is arguably inflecting) ..
which .. is juxtaposed against lingering “top down” debates – an output of Summer volatility, macro
uncertainty (Rates, geopolitical), policy uncertainty (midterms) and, perhaps more simply, the ‘law of
large numbers’ … look forward to hearing from SPCX and NVDA today!
AI …. don’t forget the big picture.. from Michael Dell (DELL) framed AI as a multi-year infrastructure S-
curve, with enterprises only beginning to move beyond productivity tools (where organizations may see
10-20% improvements), toward rearchitecting end-to-end workflows. Dell's 6,500 AI Factory customers
include a growing number of enterprise deployments, which reinforce management's view that adoption
remains in the early stages
… and ... to build on this conviction, DELL noted that, if anything, demand could actually be getting
deferred as Dell pointed to ~400mn PCs >4yrs old and ~1.3mn servers running on 13G or older platforms
as evidence of significant replacement demand still ahead . Further, Dell continues to see tight component
availability, potentially worse in 2027 than 2026 …
Inference economy / data infra names continue to sound upbeat … DT (Dynatrace believes the core
business is positioned to accelerate as stronger consumption, improving sales productivity and emerging
product adoption increasingly translate into ARR) … NET (detailed both current momentum + product
roadmap with Monetization Gateway and Wallet positioning NET to serve agents transacting on the
internet) .. OKTA (upbeat on Agentic oppty, while, also highlighting record pipeline levels, strong demand
across both workforce and customer identity products, and continued improvement in sales productivity)
Commerce x AI (.. an emerging investor debate all week long week ..) … while, still plenty of TBD’s here
… on the Agentic Commerce topic – Etsy noted that it has partnered with third-party LLMs and emerging
AI platforms to ensure its unique and differentiated inventory remains discoverable wherever consumers
begin their shopping journey. While still in the early stages, traffic from agentic platforms remains small


[Page 2]
but high intent and mgmt is confident that agentic experiences should complement the current shopping
journey.
… also, interesting framing from Walmart at the conference re: agentic commerce – who noted that third
party AI agents are often programmed to optimize for retail metrics such as the lowest price, fastest speed,
and broadest assortment. Given Walmart's scale, supply chain, and EDLP model, the company often wins
on these metrics and emerges as the recommended solution for customers.
SPOT .. a detailed product conversation with Gustav/co-CEO yesterday afternoon .. touched on growing
portfolio of content verticals including music, podcasts, and audiobooks – including an update on the AI
remix & cover tool around the next phase of development and expected royalty split for artists; SPOT also
offered constructive commentary around pricing power and incremental add-on monetization.
SaaS x AI .. ongoing focus around what companies have products that are ready to be monetized – on this
point:
CRM noted a sizable upgrade opportunity within the installed base, with only ~5% of customers currently
on the AE1 premium edition which carried a ~60%-80% uplift. Rather than positioning AI as a standalone
product sale, Salesforce framed the strategy around consolidating sales enablement, performance
management, analytics, collaboration, Data 360, Agentforce, and ClaudeForce into a single higher value
offering (AE1).
NOW reiterated that AI can materially expand contract value over time, with the average seat expected to
generate 4.5x its original contract value as customers add AI use cases and redesign workflows across the
enterprise.
Robotics .. in addition to the opportunity in Compute (the primary bull case) -- TER also highlighted
strong momentum in Robotics, with revenue growing 3X in 2026 and expected to grow 3X again in 2027.
The company expects robotics-assisted manufacturing in datacenters to be the strongest growing area in
robotics. Management also noted growing engagement with a marquee customer as it explores additional
workflows.
Tower companies (CCI, et al) all present at the conference and were constructive on continued carrier
investment driven by 5G densification, 6G deployment, spectrum auctions (with estimates for the
deployment of Upper C-Band spectrum post April 2027 auction ranging from 1-2 years), and AI-driven
network traffic as key growth drivers.
.. find full GIR takeaways on Marquee.
[ )
Day 3: what to watch for – big day on tap with NVDA (Jensen), SPCX (CFO), CEO’s of UBER, PANW,
TMUS, MDB & CFO’s from DDOG, LRCX, Unity, STX, INTU and more
1. NVDA: Jensen on stage this morning – focus on growth visibility (2027++), framing the opensource
oppty (hugging face) and bigger picture cycle views


[Page 3]
2. DDOG; after a ‘disappointing’ Sept qtr guide, debate on growth visibility (with AI customers) and how
big the long-term oppty is from broad AI adoption (… DT bullish on this point yesterday)
3. MDB: feels like the market had gotten ahead of itself on the timing of any AI driven inflection here as
MongoDB is broadly positioned as a “later cycle” AI play – update from CEO / CFO framing this will be
key
4. UBER: sentiment was improving (off the lows), though, stock now ~$10 off local highs as the market is
(again) debating complexities to the story – think: macro (oil), agentic commerce and AVs.
5. SPCX: lots to dive into for management’s first conference appearance post IPO – focus remains on all
facets of the story: Groq/Cursor, cloud infra ambitions, Starlink, Starship/Space and more.
6. PANW / CRWD / S / RBRK .. hard to poke holes in the security thesis right now (at least over the
intermediate timeframe) – but good to get refresh on where product cycles are taking each of these
companies (and what AI demand signals are showing up).
7. Unity: quietly one of the better liked names in Internet – listen for updates on Vector momentum as well
as bigger picture AI x Gaming framings.
8. CRDO: stock down ~40% from YTD highs, despite improved visibility in Credo’s transition to Optics
(beyond AEC) .. handful of follow-ups post earnings on growth algo / incrementality into 2027+
9. LRCX: feels like most of the debate on Semicaps is about valuation (and discovery value) – as such,
mark to market on growth drivers and GM trajectories – on this point, yesterday, AMAT commented on
strong growth continuing into 2027 (building on 40%+ revs growth in 2026) and 2028 given increasing
orders and backlog with longer-dated visibility;
10. STX: Sentiment remains upbeat given perceived ‘room to go’ on GMs and ASPs (at least relative to
DRAM / NAND peers) - -as such, refresh on these opportunities and STX’s HAMR cycle will be key.
Day 3; GS Communicopia + Tech Conference Agenda (all times in EST):
11:10 AM: Qnity, OMC, NAVN, PTRN, FOUR
11:50 AM: NVDA ceo
12:30 PM: TMUS, DDOG, LRCX, Unity, HPE, RBRK, FLYW
1:10 PM: UBER, STX, MDB, INTU, SMCI, ADT, CapGemini
1:50 PM: Yahoo, CRDO, ZG, Recruit Holdings, ULS, SentinelOne
2:30 PM: Views From the Valley (VC panel)
3:25 PM: SPCX cfo
4:05 PM: Goldman Sachs Research Analyst Panel
4:45 PM: CRWD, WiseTech, RNG, LYFT, NXST, EPAM, PAR


[Page 4]
5:25 PM: SHOP, FISV, SWKS, AUR, PENG, IBTA, VIA
6:05 PM: Lasertec, BILL, SAIL, GRND, FIGR
6:45 PM: PANW, LIF, DLO, PRCH, ZIP, PAY
7:25 PM: MA, MBGL, PCOR, LUMN, WBTN, CRCT
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 10 September 2026.
