[Page 1]
GS Pasquariello - markets macro a very short take on AI 10 Sep
2026
Tony Pasquariello  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Thu 10 Sep 2026, 7:02am ET
prefaced with a heavy dose of humility, a few high level thoughts on AI that follow from recent
conversations:
1. to level set: as recently as 2023, the hyperscalers allocated $154bn to capex; as we sit here today,
consensus for 2028 is over $1.3tr.
2. given that magnitude of spend -- and the compounding of financial commitments within it -- the market
is right to obsess with the question of ROIC.
3. therefore, the ante has assuredly been upped for the hyperscalers to demonstrate clear attachment of
capex to durable revenue growth and prove they can earn a sufficient return for it.
4. there have been moments of this in 2026 -- META in Q4 earnings, GOOG and AMZN in Q1 earnings,
MSFT and again AMZN in Q2 earnings -- but the buzz didn't last very long.
5. with all that established, I'm coming around to an argument that framing ROIC in a purely binary terms
may be the wrong approach for all companies (or, at the very least, is too reductive).
6. here's the hypothesis: perhaps the AI payoff is not just ROIC for the hyperscalers, perhaps it creates
enterprise value by equipping businesses (of all sizes) to operate BETTER -- as pointed out by a subject
matter expert, one can look at enterprise spending on the CLOUD as an analogy.
7. there's a related, but different dimension here: mandatory or compulsory spending on AI to PROTECT a
business -- one can look at CYBER security as another analogy.
8. in these contexts, particularly given how early we are in the adoption process, calculating the ROIC
with any precision is impossible; as a veteran CIO put it: "everyone wants a spreadsheet -- there's no
spreadsheet for this."
9. or, as my partner George Lee put it: "the returns from this spend may defy precise calculation and be
dictated in part by competitive pressures. where is the value going? into some form of consumer surplus."
10. to put a line under it, I believe those competitive pressures will be shot through every single industry --
and, again, where some portion of the spending is low / no ROI, yet is born out of necessity.
11. looking forward, if these notions of business improvement / business protection are generally correct,
there will be ongoing justification for Corporate America to stay on the gas.
12. at the same time, there are gathering risks to respect: the increasingly complicated political dynamics
(the midterms will be a litmus test for the notion of "cost bearing") ... the escalating risk of malevolence


[Page 2]
(don't take my word for it, read what those closest to the technology have very recently flagged) ... or even
a basic a lack of power provision to scale the next leg of growth (this seems both well-known AND still
underappreciated).
13. working from there -- and given the rate of advancement and investor commitment to the theme -- I
expect the risk of air pockets and dislocations is increasing (akin to the lightning strike that was
DeepSeek).
14. here's where I'm going with all of this: the secular trend of broad-based AI spending remains intact ...
and, I believe the investment framework should now account for the idea that AI will be a fulcrum that
enables many companies to operate better ... but, I also expect that the path in front of us is going to be
more jagged than it was in the earlier innings of the sequence (which, to draw a throughline, was the
pattern of corporate and stock market behavior around those cloud and cyber analogs).
15. to conclude, here's a chart of the realized volatility of our AI leaders-vs-laggards pair since the new
world was revealed ... I expect the primary trend in this theme remains structurally higher, but there will
be more volatility along the way:
Source: Bloomberg as of 10 Sep 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
