[Page 1]
Opinion | 10 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion  |  10 September 2026
  RATES
US 10yr: Gunning for 5%. Eyes on 6%?
There is a near inevitability to the US 10yr yield breaching 5%. Higher
real yields remain the biggest driver, with fiscal and wider issuance
concerns dominating. But higher oil prices are a factor too, and inflation
expectations are edging up again. AI productivity drivers are also
present, but are being overshadowed by more sinister factors
Bond yields have risen even as Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said the government would buy back $6
billion of long-dated debt
The US Treasury can do no more than richen Treasuries versus
SOFR
These are worrying times for bond markets, and by extension also for the wider risk asset
space. Corporate America is discounted in a very positive fashion currently, and rightly so
given the stellar earnings reports of recent quarters. But persistent elevation in real rates is a
stress that is tough to diversify away from, especially for borrowers that face refinancing
needs. The market remains very receptive to corporate supply, and investors are now getting
more reward for absorbing it due to the higher yields. In the big scheme of things, there is a
relative calm in corporate credit spreads (wider, but no dramatics). But there is a tipping point
where some of the beta pressures act to darken the atmosphere in a more material fashion.
Hitting 5% on the 10yr Treasury yield looks more like an inevitability here than a forecast. A


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion | 10 September 2026
2
silver lining is we’ve been here relatively recently (2023), and a 5% 10yr Treasury yield is no
more than a 50bp concession to the top of what we consider a neutral range for the 10yr yield
(4% to 4.5%). Such a concession is not aggressive given the current 3+% inflation and 6% of
GDP fiscal environment. Could things get even more sinister? Yes, where a break above 5% on
the 10yr yield does nothing more than bring 6% into focus. Such a journey (from 5% to 6%)
would be a far tougher one for the wider market to stomach. We're not calling for it. But we're
also not not calling for it.
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent is in the market and keen to calm things through increased
long-end buybacks. But in the end, this policy can do no more than richen the 10yr Treasury
yield versus the 10yr SOFR rate. That 10yr SOFR rate is now above 4.5%. Yes, there is a
relationship to the 10yr Treasury yield through a relative value prism. But in the end, the 10yr
SOFR rate reflects the market's discounted path for the Fed funds rate. Long-end Treasury
buybacks alone can’t impact that path, regardless of whether the opportunity for a big-bang
statement about a quintupling of buybacks has already passed.
Pressures build right along the curve
The US 10yr yield is now above 4.9%. Breaking this out, the real yield is at 2.5%, and the
breakeven inflation rate is at 2.4%. Both are up in the past few days.
The rise in the real yield remains the central driver, but inflation expectations have been
making a contribution too of late. Even though a notable up-move occurred as Thursday's PPI
data and jobless claims were released, the move had little to do with the data, apart from the
reality that the data reminded us that claims remain historically low (not new) and PPI
inflation is running at 5.4% (new, but broadly as anticipated). The data release was nothing
more than an excuse to rock on higher in yield, and right across the curve.
The 2yr carry spread (spread to the funds rate) is now approaching 90bp. That’s comfortably
above the 75bp level that typically heralds a rate hike, or hikes. The 5yr has decompressed its
prior richness on the 2/5/10yr fly to practically zero (had been rich). Long end SOFR rates are
now trading as if the Fed is about to deliver two to three rate hikes. The price of oil has touched
$100/bbl for West Texas (Brent was there already). And President Trump is promising a large
unaffordable payout should the US mid-term elections turn his way. While unlikely to occur,
it’s hardly what the back end of the curve wants to hear in this current environment.
Then Wednesday's tripling of long-end buybacks, instead of calming the back end, in fact
prompted an increase in rates, not just in the 30yr yield, but, intriguingly, a practically equal
increase in the 30yr SOFR rate. That in itself was telling. What should have been a bond-
positive prompt, in fact, turned into an implied rise in the market discount for hikes, as
shown in higher long-end SOFR rates, which effectively represent the market's discounted
expectation of future floating SOFR over the relevant horizon.


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion | 10 September 2026
3
It seems from here that the pressures on long-end rates continue to build until action
is taken (hike(s) and/or fiscal discipline), or until something breaks. If the rise in long-
end rates was purely down to higher AI productivity-driven real rates, there would be
no rationale for a negative feedback loop to risk assets. But to the extent that it's
reflective of wider issuance pressure (including anticipated issuance) and
revived inflation worries, there is more to be concerned with.
The last time we hit 6% on the US 10yr yield was in 2000, when the 10yr real yield got
to 4%. We've been there before, so it does not have to be catastrophic. But throw in
the poor debt dynamics, and it could be (if it happens, of course). This can all be tamed
by cooling inflation (we call for that) and a subsequent build in the discount for a rate
cut (we expect that in 2027). But for now, we're running a dangerous gauntlet, making
the rest of 2026 potentially quite tough.
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion | 10 September 2026
4
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
