[Page 1]
A member of MUFG, a global financial group
Inflation Update
US Desk Strategy | Global Markets Americas
MUFG Securities, Inc & MUFG Bank, Ltd.
August 2026 CPI Preview
September 10, 2026


[Page 2]
Inflation Update is coordinated and produced 
by the MUFG US Macro Strategy team:
George Goncalves
Managing Director
Head of US Macro Strategy
george.goncalves@mufgsecurities.com
Agron Nicaj
Vice President
US Macro Economist
agron.nicaj@mufgsecurities.com
Erin Chouinard
Associate
US Macro Associate
erin.chouinard@mufgsecurities.com
Tarun Chandanala
Analyst
US Macro Analyst
tarun.chandanala@mufgsecurities.com
Visit the global MUFG research page for reports, 
forecasts, digital content, team bios and more: 
www.mufgresearch.com
MUFG Securities, Inc 
1221 Avenue of the Americas
6th Floor
New York, NY 10020
2


[Page 3]
Preview | Moderate inflation in August would reinforce the summer softness
MUFG US Macro Strategy | Inflation Update
3
Data Preview & Forecast
▪MUFG forecasts August 2026 headline CPI at 0.32% MoM (3.3% YoY) 
and core CPI at 0.23% MoM (2.4% YoY), in line with the median 
estimate from Bloomberg contributors.
▪There is an implied probability of ~50% for core CPI to grow by 0.2% 
MoM in August, ~30% for 0.3% MoM, and ~20% for 0.1% MoM.
▪What to watch out for: Core goods inflation returned to positive 
territory in July, with some of that momentum likely to carry 
forward into August, though deflation of used auto prices will limit 
the monthly contribution from goods. For services, growth in 
college tuition should moderate (following strong growth last month 
which contributed ~0.01% points to overall CPI), but airline fares 
inflation is expected to remain elevated amid high oil prices.  
Market Thoughts
▪Base-case: Given the rates sell-off ahead of CPI, it will all depend on 
the composition of inflation and rounding (within the 0.15-0.24 
range). With a middle of road 0.2%, we expect a decent rates rally (4-
6bps) as we believe the pre-CPI rate selloff is largely driven by non-US 
fundamentals (the ECB hike and oil moves of late).
▪Upside risk: A core reading of 0.3% would keep rates under pressure 
and push hiking expectations for the Sep FOMC meeting up towards 
90%, as it will be hard for the Fed to skip in this scenario. However, 
the composition of growth will still be relevant.
▪Downside risk: A 0.1% MoM core reading would ease market 
expectations of a Fed hike in Sep down closer to a coin-flip, but we 
expect the Fed to hold in this scenario. We expect a decent rates rally 
of 7-11 bps (unwinding recent moves) if core CPI comes in this soft.


[Page 4]
Preview | MUFG forecasts 0.2% MoM core CPI
MUFG forecasts 0.23% MoM and 2.4% YoY for August 2026 core CPI (0.32% MoM and 3.3% YoY for headline CPI)
▪There is an implied probability of ~50% for core CPI to grow by 0.2% MoM in August, ~30% for 0.3% MoM, and ~20% for 0.1% MoM.
▪A 0.23% MoM core CPI reading would result in a 1.7% 3-month annualized growth rate, below the pre-pandemic average and Fed target of 
2% (indicating low to moderate inflation momentum).
MUFG US Macro Strategy | Inflation Update
4
MUFG August 2026 Core CPI Forecast
Core CPI Annualized Growth Rates


[Page 5]
Markets | A hot reading clears the path for a hike, and a soft one narrows it
MUFG US Macro Strategy | Inflation Update
5
2Y Yield Change on CPI Days
2Y Change vs CPI Misses/Surprises Since 2003
A 0.3% core CPI reading would push Sep hike expectations up towards 90%, while 0.1% would ease them down closer to a coin-flip
▪Given the rates sell-off ahead of the August CPI, it will all depend on the composition of inflation and rounding (within the 0.15-0.24 range). 
With a middle of road 0.2%, we expect a decent rates rally (4-6bps) as we believe the pre-CPI rate selloff is largely driven by non-US 
fundamentals (the ECB hike and oil moves of late).
-25
-20
-15
-10
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
Source: Bloomberg and MUFG US Macro Strategy
bps
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
-100
-50
0
50
100
Aug-2026
Historical CPI Reaction
Linear (Historical CPI Reaction)
CPI Misses Lower                            CPI Surprises Higher
Rates Rally                      Rates Selloff
bps
Source: Bloomberg and MUFG US Macro Strategy


[Page 6]
Markets | Core CPI scenarios and how FOMC members may vote
MUFG US Macro Strategy | Inflation Update
6
0.1% (HOLD)
0.2% (CLOSE CALL)
0.3% (HIKE)
Core Drivers
View:  
A 0.1% MoM core inflation reading (w/ a 
benign composition) would reinforce 
the weakening momentum narrative. As 
a result, the majority of the FOMC 
would likely vote to keep rates steady, 
with the possibility of only 2 dissents.
View:  
The composition of a 0.2% MoM growth 
rate would be key, with “super-core” 
being most relevant. A hot “super-core” 
would suggest a broadening out of 
inflation, potentially increasing the 
number of votes for a hike in September.
View:  
The FOMC will likely vote for a hike if core 
CPI grows by 0.3% MoM. In this scenario,  
Warsh can bring about a unanimous vote 
in favor for raising the target Federal 
Funds Rate by 25bps.
Votes for Hike
Hammack
Logan 
2 / 10 Hike vs No Hike Split
Hammack
Logan 
Kashkari
Waller
Paulson
5 / 7 Hike vs No Hike Split
Hammack         Barr
Logan                Cook
Kashkari            Jefferson
Waller               Williams
Paulson             Powell
Bowman           Warsh
12/0 Hike vs No Hike Split
Hiking Probability 
(MUFG Estimate)
15-35%
45-65%
80-95%


[Page 7]
Disclaimer
MUFG US Macro Strategy | Inflation Update
7
This presentation has been prepared by a subsidiary of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. (“MUFG”) which carries on a 
securities related business. 
Legal entities and branches 
The securities related businesses within MUFG (together referred to in this presentation as “MUFG Securities”) are: (1) MUFG 
SECURITIES EMEA PLC (“MUS(EMEA)”) which is authorized in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA (FS Registration Number 124512). 
MUS(EMEA) has a branch office that is registered at Level 3, East Wing, The Gate, Dubai International Financial Centre, PO 
Box 506894, Dubai, UAE (“Dubai Branch”). The Dubai Branch is authorized to operate in the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (“DIFC”) as a Non-DIFC Entity (Commercial License Number CL1656) and is regulated by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (Reference Number F002623); (2) MUFG SECURITIES AMERICAS INC. (“MUS(USA)”) which is registered 
in the United States with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and regulated by the Financial Industry 
Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) (SEC# 8-43026; CRD# 19685); (3) MUFG SECURITIES (CANADA), LTD. (“MUS(CAN)”) 
which is registered in Canada with the Ontario Securities Commission (“OSC”) and regulated by the Investment Industry 
Regulatory Organization of Canada (“IIROC”) and registered in the United States with the SEC, regulated by FINRA (SEC# 8-
69693; CRD# 281904); (4) MUFG SECURITIES ASIA LIMITED (“MUS(HK)”) which is incorporated in Hong Kong, licensed 
under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance and regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission 
(Central Entity Number AAA889). MUS(HK) has an office in Australia, MUFG SECURITIES ASIA LIMITED ARBN No. 169 329 
453, which is registered at Suite 16 & 52, Level 36 Gateway, One Macquarie Place, Sydney, Australia. In respect of the 
financial services provided to wholesale clients in Australia, MUS(HK), MUS(EMEA), MUS(USA) and MUFG SECURITIES 
ASIA (SINGAPORE) LIMITED (“MUS(SPR)”) are each exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services 
license under the Corporations Act 2001 (“Corporations Act”) under the Australian Securities and Investments Commission 
(“ASIC”) Class Order Exemption CO 03/1099, CO 03/1103, CO 03/1100 and CO 03/1102, respectively. Each of MUS(HK), 
MUS(EMEA), MUS(USA) and MUS(SPR) are regulated under the laws of Hong Kong, the United Kingdom, the United States 
and Singapore respectively, which differ from Australian laws; and (5) MUS(SPR) which is licensed as an approved merchant 
bank by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
General disclosures
This presentation is for information purposes only and should not be construed as investment research or a solicitation of any 
offer to buy or sell any security, commodity, futures contract or related derivative (hereafter “instrument”) or to participate in 
any trading strategy. This presentation does not constitute a personal recommendation and does not take into account the 
individual financial circumstances, needs or objectives of the recipients. Recipients should therefore seek their own financial, 
legal, tax or other advice before deciding to invest in any of the instruments mentioned in this presentation. 
Certain information contained in this presentation has been obtained or derived from third party sources and such information 
is believed to be correct and reliable but has not been independently verified. MUFG Securities does not make any guarantee, 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, as to the fairness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, adequacy 
or appropriateness of any information or comments contained in this presentation.  Furthermore, the information may not be 
current due to, among other things, changes in the financial markets or economic environment.  MUFG Securities has no 
obligation to update any such information contained in this presentation. 
This presentation is not intended to forecast or predict future events.  Past performance is not a guarantee or indication of 
future results.  Any prices provided herein (other than those identified as being historical) are indicative only and do not 
represent firm quotes as to either price or size. 
This presentation is proprietary to MUFG Securities and may not be quoted, circulated or otherwise referred to without our 
prior written consent. Notwithstanding this, MUFG Securities shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any 
consequences or loss (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential loss, loss of profits and damages) 
arising from any reliance on or usage of this presentation and accepts no legal responsibility to any investor who directly or 
indirectly receives this material.
Country and region-specific disclosures
This presentation is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of 
or is located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be 
contrary to any law, regulation or rule. 
In this regard, please note the following in relation to the jurisdictions in which MUFG Securities has a local presence:
United Kingdom / European Economic Area (EEA):  This presentation is intended for distribution to a “professional client” or 
“eligible counterparty” as those terms are defined in the rules of the FCA and PRA. In other EEA countries, this presentation is 
intended only for persons regarded as professional investors (or equivalent) in their home jurisdiction. This presentation has 
been prepared in accordance with MUS(EMEA)’s organizational and administrative arrangements for managing conflicts of 
interest.  Such arrangements include policies which set out guidelines relating to the production of research including (but not 
limited to) restrictions on access to information, personal dealing and inducements.
United States of America: This presentation, when distributed by MUS(USA), is intended for Institutional Investors 
(“Institutional Accounts” as defined by FINRA Rule 4512(c)). When distributed by a non-US affiliate of MUS(USA), this 
presentation is intended for distribution solely to “major U.S. institutional investors” or “U.S. institutional investors” pursuant to 
Rule 15a-6 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Securities referenced in this presentation may 
have been underwritten by MUS(USA) and/or its affiliates. Nothing in this presentation should be considered an offer or 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities or any other financial product or a commitment of any kind with respect to any 
transaction.
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure:  MUFG Securities does not provide tax advice.  Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters 
included herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the 
promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone not affiliated with MUS(USA) of any of the matters addressed herein or 
for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties.
Hong Kong: This presentation is only intended for distribution to a “professional investor” as that term is defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance and should not be passed onto any other person. 
Singapore: This presentation is only intended for distribution to an "institutional investor", "accredited investor" or "expert 
investor" as those terms are defined under regulation 2 of the Financial Advisers Regulation. It is solely for the use of such 
investors and shall not be distributed, forwarded, passed on or disseminated to any other person. Investors should note that, 
as a result of exemptions that apply when this presentation is distributed to "accredited investors" and "expert investors", 
MUS(SPR) is exempt from complying with certain requirements under the Financial Advisers Act, including section 25 of the 
Financial Advisers Act (which requires a financial adviser to disclose all material information on certain investment products), 
section 27 (which requires a financial adviser to have a reasonable basis for making recommendations on investments) and 
section 36 (which requires a financial adviser to disclose any interests that it holds in securities that it recommends). 
Japan: This Note, when distributed by MUFG Securities affiliates located outside of Japan, is intended for distribution in 
accordance with Article 58-2 of the Financial Instruments Exchange Act 1948 (“FIEA”) i) to a “Financial Instruments Business 
Operator” engaged in “Securities-Related Business” as defined in the FIEA or ii) to the government, the Bank of Japan, a 
qualified financial institution defined in Article 209 of the Cabinet Office Ordinance Concerning Financial Instruments 
Business, Etc., or an Investment Manager. When distributed by Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd., this Note 
is intended for distribution to a “Professional Investor (tokutei-toushika)” as defined in the FIEA. 
United Arab Emirates: This presentation is only intended for distribution to a “Professional Client” or “Market Counterparty” as 
those terms are defined under the rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority and only a person meeting the criteria for 
these terms should act upon this presentation. 
Australia: This presentation is only intended for distribution to persons in Australia who are sophisticated or professional 
investors for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act of Australia (“Corporations Act”) and are wholesale clients for 
the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act. This Note is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or 
indirectly, to any other class of persons in Australia. 
Other jurisdictions: MUFG Securities also relies on local registrations or regulatory exemptions in order to undertake certain 
securities business in other countries. In Thailand, MUS(EMEA) has a derivatives dealer registration with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, Thailand. In Canada, MUS(EMEA) and MUS(USA) each operate under an international dealer 
exemption registered with the securities regulators. MUS(EMEA) operates under the exemption in Alberta, Quebec, Ontario, 
British Columbia and Manitoba. MUS(USA) operates under the exemption in all Canadian Provinces and Territories. 


[Page 8]
Disclaimer (continued)
MUFG US Macro Strategy | Inflation Update
8
Notice to Recipients
The information herein provided is for information purposes only and is not to be used or considered as investment research, 
a proposal or the solicitation of an offer to sell or to buy or subscribe for securities or other financial instruments. Neither this 
nor any other communication prepared by MUFG Bank, Ltd. (“MUFG Bank”), MUFG Union Bank, N.A., MUFG Securities 
Americas Inc., or other MUFG Group Company (collectively, "MUFG") is or should be construed as investment advice, a 
recommendation or proposal to enter into a particular transaction or pursue a particular strategy, or any statement as to the 
likelihood that a particular transaction or strategy will be effective in light of your business objectives or operations. Before 
entering into any particular transaction, you are advised to obtain such independent financial, legal, accounting and other 
advice as maybe appropriate under the circumstances. In any event, any decision to enter into a transaction will be yours 
alone, not based on information prepared or provided by MUFG. MUFG hereby disclaims any responsibility to you concerning 
the characterization or identification of terms, conditions, and legal or accounting or other issues or risks that may arise in 
connection with any particular transaction or business strategy. 
Certain information contained in this presentation has been obtained or derived from third party sources and such information 
is believed to be correct and reliable but has not been independently verified.  While MUFG believes that factual statements 
herein and any assumptions on which information herein are based, are in each case accurate, MUFG makes no 
representation or warranty regarding such accuracy and shall not be responsible for any inaccuracy in such statements or 
assumptions. Note that MUFG may have issued, and may in the future issue, other reports that are inconsistent with or that 
reach conclusions different from the information set forth herein. Such other reports, if any, reflect the different assumptions, 
views and/or analytical methods of the analysts who prepared them, and MUFG is under no obligation to ensure that such 
other reports are brought to your attention.  Furthermore, the information may not be current due to, among other things, 
changes in the financial markets or economic environment and MUFG has no obligation to update any such information 
contained in this presentation.  This presentation is not intended to forecast or predict future events. Past performance is not a 
guarantee or indication of future results. Any prices provided herein (other than those identified as being historical) are 
indicative only and do not represent firm quotes as to either price or size.
The MUFG logo and name is a service mark of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., and may be used by it or other Group 
companies for branding or marketing purposes. Group companies include MUFG Bank, MUFG Americas Capital Leasing & 
Finance, LLC, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation, MUFG Securities Americas Inc., and MUFG Union Bank, N.A. 
("MUB”). Corporate or commercial lending or deposit activities are performed by banking affiliates of MUFG, including, in the 
United States, MUFG Bank and MUB.
This indicative financing proposal is provided for discussion purposes only and does not constitute, nor should it be construed 
as, a commitment to provide any financing or any assurance that the financing described herein may be available. The terms 
and conditions of such financing must be fully negotiated and contained in definitive documentation duly authorized, executed 
and delivered by all parties. In addition, the delivery of a commitment would be subject to, among other things, (i) [MUFG 
BANK’s][MUB’s] satisfaction with the results of its legal, technical, environmental and business due diligence, (ii) final internal 
approvals by [MUFG BANK][MUB], (iii) no material adverse change in the financial condition or otherwise of the relevant 
parties, (iv) no material adverse change or disruption in the relevant financial markets and (v) other customary conditions, 
including then current market conditions. This indicative financing proposal is confidential and may not be disclosed or 
released to any other party without the prior written consent of [MUFG BANK][MUB]. MUFG BANK is NOT a member of the 
FDIC and its deposit products are NOT insured by the FDIC or by any other government agency. MUB is a member of the 
FDIC and its deposit products are insured up to applicable limits. FLOES
 is a service mark of MUFG Securities Americas 
Inc. 
General Disclosures
This presentation is for information purposes only and should not be construed as investment research or a solicitation of any 
offer to buy or sell any security, commodity, futures contract or related derivative (hereafter "instrument") or to participate in 
any trading strategy. This presentation does not constitute a personal recommendation and does not take into account the 
individual financial circumstances, needs or objectives of the recipients. Recipients should therefore seek their own financial, 
legal, tax or other advice before deciding to invest in any of the instruments mentioned in this presentation.
Certain information contained in this presentation has been obtained or derived from third party sources and such information 
is believed to be correct and reliable but has not been independently verified. MUFG Securities does not make any guarantee, 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, as to the fairness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, adequacy 
or appropriateness of any information or comments contained in this presentation. Furthermore the information may not be 
current due to, among other things, changes in the financial markets or economic environment. MUFG Securities has no 
obligation to update any such information contained in this presentation.
This presentation is not intended to forecast or predict future events. Past performance is not a guarantee or indication of 
future results. Any prices provided herein (other than those identified as being historical) are indicative only and do not 
represent firm quotes as to either price or size.
This presentation is proprietary to MUFG Securities and may not be quoted, circulated or otherwise referred to without our 
prior written consent. Notwithstanding this, MUFG Securities shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any 
consequences or loss (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential loss, loss of profits and damages) 
arising from any reliance on or usage of this presentation and accepts no legal responsibility to any investor who directly or 
indirectly receives this material. © 2018 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
MUFG Securities Americas Inc.
1221 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor
New York, NY, 10020-1001
www.mufg.jp/english
