[Page 1]
10 September 2026 
Producer Price Index 
 
PNC Economics Research 
PPI Inflation Rebounded in August 2026 
as Energy and Tariff Costs Resurface 
Headlines 
 
Final demand producer prices were up sharply in August 2026, highlighting 
new threats to progress on production costs. 
 
 
Goods PPI moved higher to give back nearly 60% of the declines seen from 
May through July. 
 
 
Another surge in Energy PPI in August 2026 again leaves producers 
fighting to balance ongoing demand with inescapably higher operational 
costs. 
 
 
Services PPI inflation rose at its slowest pace of gain since June 2025 but 
will face upstream producers’ cost resurgence in the coming months. 
Details
The Producer Price Index (PPI) for final demand was 
up by 0.4% in August 2026 from July. On a year-over-
year basis, final demand PPI has increased by 5.4% 
(see Figure 1). The August report offers the earliest 
indications of the impacts of renewed exogenously 
induced cost pressures on producers. Oil prices are 
back in the $100 per barrel range as the U.S.’s 
military conflict with Iran has reignited and tariff 
policy actions targeting Canadian imports are back 
in the spotlight. 
 
Energy PPI gained 4.2% in August 2026. Because 
energy costs are ubiquitous across the economy, 
the threat of higher consumer costs in the months 
ahead is glaring. Energy costs were 24.3% higher in 
August 2026 than they were one year ago (see 
Figure 2). This is the strongest year-ago growth rate 
since May 2011, discounting the economic chaos 
induced by the COVID-19 pandemic and its resulting 
supply chain disruptions. The Federal Reserve may 
be eschewing “forward guidance” in its own 
communications regarding its policy path toward a 
2% consumer price inflation target. But the August 
2026 PPI report offers its own stark indication of the 
direction of inflation in the months ahead. 
 
Goods and services PPI inflation continued to move 
in opposite directions in August 2026. Although both 
categories saw increases on the month, services PPI 
increased only modestly versus July at 0.1%, which is 
down from the 0.4% average pace seen in the year 
through 
July. 
Goods 
PPI 
inflation, 
however, 
reaccelerated in August after two months of 
outright declines. The misalignment of goods and 
services PPI trends highlights the hurdles that 
businesses face in planning their operational costs 
in the months ahead. Each new government policy 
change, rework and reversal throws a wrench into 
the works on cost planning efforts. 
 
Kurt Rankin 
kurt.rankin@pnc.com 
PNC Economics 
economics@pnc.com 


[Page 2]
 
Producer Price Index
 
PNC Economics Research 
10 September 2026 
Core final demand PPI, which excludes food and 
energy producers’ costs, decelerated for a second 
consecutive month in August 2026. Even so, core 
producer prices remained 4.6% higher than a year 
earlier, which is up from July’s 4.3% pace. Energy 
prices inevitably yield higher costs for producers 
downstream—both as upstream input costs rise and 
businesses’ own costs of keeping production online 
rise. Core PPI, therefore, is likely to see its own 
bounce in the final months of the year. 
 
August’s first steps of resurgence in PPI inflation 
narrow the Federal Reserve’s ability to be patient 
regarding the consumer price inflation side of its 
mandate. The outsized increase in hiring in August 
revealed by the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ 
Employment Situation report for the month is 
another strike against the potential for monetary 
policy to remain on hold, let alone yield lower 
interest rates.  
 
Figure 1: Final demand PPI: total (% chg., y/y) 
 
Figure 2: Final demand PPI: energy (% chg., y/y) 
 
 
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
'21
'22
'23
'24
'25
'26
Sources: BLS, PNC
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
'24
'25
'26
Source: BLS, PNC


[Page 3]
 
Producer Price Index
 
PNC Economics Research 
10 September 2026 
Disclosures 
The material presented and the views expressed herein are of a general nature and does not constitute the provision of 
investment or economic advice to any person, or a recommendation of any particular securities, ﬁnancial instruments, 
strategies or banking services. Opinions and forecasts expressed herein are subject to change without notice. Relevant 
information was obtained from sources deemed reliable. Such information is not guaranteed as to its accuracy. You should 
seek the advice of an investment professional to tailor a ﬁnancial plan to your needs. 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over 
time. Future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and 
uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
made. We do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual 
results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as 
from historical performance. As a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
“PNC” is a registered mark of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
© 2026 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved. 
