[Page 1]
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
Michael Gibbs, Managing Director, Lead Portfolio Manager | (901) 579-4346 | michael.gibbs@raymondjames.com
Joey Madere, CFA | (901) 529-5331 | joey.madere@raymondjames.com
Richard Sewell, CFA | (901) 524-4194 | richard.sewell@raymondjames.com
Mitch Clayton, CMT, Senior Technical Analyst | (901) 579-4812 | mitch.clayton@raymondjames.com
SEPTEMBER 9, 2026 | 2:38 PM EDT
Weekly Market Guide
Consolidation Within an Uptrend: The S&P 500 remains in an uptrend but has been consolidating following its early August
breakout. While breadth and momentum have moderated with the recent breakdown in relative performance for the equal-
weight S&P 500, longer-term participation remains constructive, with 63% of constituents still trading above their 200-
day moving averages. Market leadership remains rotational, as mega-cap Technology stocks attempt to reassert leadership
while Energy and Financials continue to exhibit strong underlying breadth.
Last Chance to Influence the Fed: Investors are focused on this week's inflation data, the final major macro releases before
next week's Fed meeting. With markets currently assigning a 63% probability to a September rate hike, PPI and CPI could
play a key role in shaping expectations for near-term monetary policy. A softer inflation reading could buy additional time for
the Fed, which a hotter print would reinforce the market’s increasingly hawkish outlook.
Wall of Worry Continues to Build:
●
Rates Breaking Out: The 10-year Treasury yield has climbed to its highest level since 2023, driven primarily by an expanding
term premium rather than a significant rise in inflation expectations. Higher rates remain a headwind to equity valuations,
although credit spreads remain relatively contained and are not signaling meaningful economic stress.
●
Oil Prices on the Rise: Geopolitical tensions continue to support elevated crude prices, creating a potential drag on
economic growth and consumer discretionary spending while providing a tailwind to sustain the recent breakout for the
Energy sector.
Bottom Line: The fundamental backdrop remains constructive, but markets are becoming increasingly selective as investors
balance resilient economic growth against higher interest rates, inflation uncertainty, and geopolitical risks. We would view any
meaningful market pullback as a potential buying opportunity.
 
RAYMOND JAMES INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT: 880 CARILLON PARKWAY | ST. PETERSBURG FLORIDA 33716


[Page 2]
S&P 500: Consolidating Within An Uptrend
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
The S&P 500 remains in an uptrend but 
has been consolidating since its early 
August breakout. Price continues to 
hold above both the breakout level and 
the 50-day moving average, while RSI 
remains constructive despite 
moderating momentum.
Market breadth has cooled, reflecting 
ongoing sector rotation. Energy and 
Financials continue to lead, with more 
than 80% of constituents trading above 
their 200-day moving averages, while 
Consumer Discretionary and Utilities lag 
with less than 40% above their 200-day 
averages.
The index remains largely range-bound 
between support at 7,621 and 
resistance at 7,789. Key levels to watch 
are 7,621 and 7,428 on the downside, 
and 7,789 and 7,986 on the upside.
Support: 7621 and 7428
Resistance: 7789 and 7986
Price near the low end of the 
recent range…
…as RSI remains neutral, a 
positive technical signal
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 2 OF 10


[Page 3]
Rotational Market
Market breadth continues to reflect a rotational environment. The recent broadening in participation has slowed as mega-cap 
Technology stocks attempt to return as leadership, causing the equal-weight S&P 500's relative performance to break below its uptrend 
line. Near-term breadth has also weakened, with just 28% of S&P 500 constituents trading above their 20-day moving averages. Longer-
term breadth remains constructive, however, with 63% of stocks still above their 200-day moving averages, despite moderating from 
recent highs.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Equal-weight S&P 500 
relative performance breaks 
its uptrend
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 3 OF 10


[Page 4]
Sector Credit Spreads
Credit spreads remain one of the key indicators we're monitoring for signs of economic stress. While high-yield spreads have widened 
modestly in recent weeks, overall spread levels remain contained across both the broader corporate market and individual sectors, 
suggesting credit markets are not currently signaling a material deterioration in economic conditions despite higher rates and oil prices.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
HY Credit Spreads 
by Sector
Corporate HY credit spreads remain 
contained, suggesting economic stress 
remains lows, for now.
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 4 OF 10


[Page 5]
Inflation Watch
All eyes are on this week’s PPI and CPI reports, the last major macro releases before next week’s Fed meeting. A softer inflation reading 
could temper expectations for a September rate hike, while a hotter print would likely reinforce the market’s increasingly hawkish 
outlook.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Increasingly hawkish outlook with 
63% odds of a rate hike at the 
September FOMC meeting
A softer inflation reading could 
buy some time for the Fed
CPI
PPI
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 5 OF 10


[Page 6]
Interest Rates
The path of least resistance for 10-year yield appears to the upside as rates have risen to their highest level since 2023, driven largely by 
an expanding term premium rather than a meaningful increase in inflation expectations. Nevertheless, the sharp move higher in rates 
has created a headwind for equity valuations.  
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Long-term inflation expectations 
remain under 2.5%, for now.
10-year yields breaking out to 
the highest level since 2023
Breakeven Inflation 
Expectations
10-year Yield
10-Year Yield 
(inverted)
S&P 500 
NTM P/E
The sharp rise in 
interest rates has 
created a headwind 
for equity valuations.
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 6 OF 10


[Page 7]
Oil Prices
Higher oil prices pose a potential headwind to the global economy by increasing input costs and pressuring consumer spending, which 
could weigh on economic growth and equity valuations. However, as long as geopolitical tensions and the threat of broader conflict 
persist, crude oil prices are likely to remain elevated, providing continued support for the Energy sector following its recent breakout.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Higher prices at the pump are bad 
for discretionary spending
Higher oil prices are likely to 
compress valuation
Crude Price
NTM P/E (inverted)
WTI price is breaking 
out of the recent 
downtrend
Geopolitical risks are keeping 
oil prices elevated, which 
should support Energy 
leadership
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 7 OF 10


[Page 8]
Banks
Banks remain resilient despite a flattening yield curve.  Banks have been consolidating at its 50-DMA while the 10-year/2-year yield 
spread has been flattening.  While rate hikes and actions by the Treasury threaten to pressure the yield curve, Banks have remained 
resilient amidst a supportive fundamental backdrop—solid economic growth, health credit conditions and a favorable regulatory 
environment.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
A flatter yield curve threatens to 
pressure Banks…
…however, price actions remains 
resilient with the Banks consolidating 
at its 50-DMA
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 8 OF 10


[Page 9]
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
IMPORTANT INVESTOR DISCLOSURES
Gibbs Capital Management, a division of Eagle Asset Management ( Eagle) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Raymond James Investment management.
All expressions of opinion in the foregoing reflect the judgment of Gibbs Capital Management and are subject to change without notice. Information in this report has been
obtained from sources considered reliable, but we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only and
should not be used or construed as investment advice or a recommendation regarding the purchase or sale of any security outside of a managed account. This should not be
considered forward looking and does not guarantee the future performance of any investment.
It is important to review the investment objectives, risk tolerance, tax objectives and liquidity needs before choosing an investment style or manager. All investments carry a
certain degree of risk, including loss. There is no assurance that any strategy will be successful, and no one particular investment style or manager is suitable for all types of
investors. Indices are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index would incur fees and expenses which would reduce
returns. Asset allocation and diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
Sector investments are companies engaged in business related to a specific sector. They are subject to fierce competition and their products and services may be subject to
rapid obsolescence. There are additional risks associated with investing in an individual sector, including limited diversification.
Commodities and currencies investing are generally considered speculative because of the significant potential for investment loss. Their markets are likely to be volatile and
there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising.
Links to third-party websites are being provided for informational purposes only. Gibbs Capital Management is not affiliated with and does not endorse, authorize, or sponsor
any of the listed websites or their respective sponsors. Gibbs Capital Management is not responsible for the content of any third-party website or the collection or use of
information regarding any websites users and/or members.
Index Definitions
The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks that is generally considered representative of the U.S. stock market.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the NASDAQ.
The NASDAQ Composite is a stock market index of the common stocks and similar securities listed on the NASDAQ stock market.
The MSCI World All Cap Index captures large, mid, small and micro-cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries. With 11,732 constituents, the index is
comprehensive, covering approximately 99% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
The MSCI EAFE (Europe, Australasia, and Far East) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure developed market equity performance,
excluding the United States & Canada. The EAFE consists of the country indices of 21 developed nations.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance in 23 emerging market countries. The index's three largest industries are materials,
energy, and banks.
The Russell 2000 index is an index measuring the performance of approximately 2,000 smallest-cap American companies in the Russell 3000 Index, which is made up of 3,000
of the largest U.S. stocks.
The NYSE Alerian MLP is the leading gauge of energy infrastructure Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs). The capped, float-adjusted, capitalization-weighted index, whose
constituents earn the majority of their cash flow from midstream activities involving energy commodities, is disseminated real-time on a price-return basis (AMZ) and on a
total-return basis (AMZX).
The Barclays Intermediate Government/Credit Bond index measures the performance of U.S. Dollar denominated U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment grade
U.S. corporate securities that have a remaining maturity of greater than one year and less than ten years.
 
PAGE 9 OF 10


[Page 10]
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
The Euro Stoxx 50 Index is a market capitalization weighted stock index of 50 large, blue-chip European companies operating within Eurozone nations. Components are
selected from the Euro STOXX Index which includes large-, mid- and small-cap stocks in the Eurozone.
The China CSI 300 is a capitalization-weighted stock market index designed to replicate the performance of top 300 stocks traded in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock
exchanges. It had a sub-indexes CSI 100 Index and CSI 200 Index.
The S&P 500 Futures is a capitalization-weighted index of 500 stocks. The index is designed to measure performance of the broad domestic economy through changes in the
aggregate market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries.
The DJIA Futures is a stock market index futures contract traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange`s Globex electronic trading platform. Dow Futures is based off the Dow
30 stock index.
The Nasdaq 100 Futures is a modified capitalization-weighted index of the 100 largest and most active non-financial domestic and international companies listed on the
NASDAQ.
Europe: DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 40 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange.
Asia: Nikkei is short for Japan's Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the leading and most-respected index of Japanese stocks. It is a price-weighted index composed of Japan's top 225
blue-chip companies traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Keep in mind that individuals cannot invest directly in any index, and index performance does not include transaction costs or other fees, which will affect actual investment
performance. Individual investor's results will vary. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Future investment performance cannot be guaranteed, investment
yields will fluctuate with market conditions.
 
PAGE 10 OF 10
