[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Fed Preview
10 September 2026
We expect an unchanged Fed rate, but August CPI will decide
We expect the Fed to hold its policy rate unchanged at the September meeting, but it is a close call.
One single data point – the August CPI – will decide if we are to believe the Fed. Going forward, we
see scope for renewed disinflation as temporary shocks from tariffs, energy prices and IT from AI,
passes, which we think will be enough for the Fed to stay on hold for the rest of 2026. Risks to our
forecast are skewed to the upside, given limited tolerance within the Fed for new inflation setbacks
and the need for Chair Warsh to prove his inflation credentials.
 
Key points
- Policy rate expected on hold at 3.50-3.75%
- A lower CPI inflation rate should be enough for the Fed, but the details are important
too
- Markets are pricing more than 50% probability for a hike before the CPI data
- Several Fed members have signaled willingness to wait for more evidence on
disinflation
- Hawkish Warsh needed to strengthen his inflation credentials at Jackson Hole, not
signal intentions for September
- New forecasts but Warsh will not use them as a signaling tool
- Inflation trends need to improve further by year-end for policy to remain on hold
- We continue to forecast that rates have peaked but risks are skewed to the upside
 
On hold if August CPI behaves
We expect the Fed to keep its policy rate unchanged within a 3.50-3.75% interval at the 15-16 September
FOMC meeting, but it is a very close call. The September meeting is surrounded by unusual uncertainty,
and absurdly enough, it seems to come down to one single data point; August CPI, which will be released
on 11 September. We expect the y/y core CPI rate to decelerate further, from 2.5 to 2.4%, which we
believe should be enough for a decision to keep policy on hold. But the details and what they tell us about
the Fed’s key metric – the core PCE – and the underlying inflation trends, will be important too. Since the
Fed has now entered its silent period, we will not get any comments from Fed members about how they
interpret the data.


[Page 2]
Fed Preview
10 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
The Fed is split but several members want to give disinflation a chance
The uncertain outlook for the September meeting also reflects an unusually split Fed and the fact that Fed
Chair Kevin Warsh does not believe that the Fed in normal times should tell markets in advance what it
intends to do.
Three regional Fed presidents – Beth Hammack, Lorie Logan and Neel Kashkari – voted for a hike already
at the July meeting. At the same time, several members of the Governing Board – Lisa Cook, John
Williams, Michael Barr and Christopher Waller – have signaled that they could consider leaving the policy
rate on hold in September if data supports continued progress for inflation. Waller in his 3 September
speech said that his decision will be “heavily influenced by what we learn about August inflation”. John
Williams in an interview with CNBC on 2 September said he was taking a “wait-and-see” approach to
whether a hike is necessary. Michael Barr on 1 September said that if data give some confidence that
inflation is moderating, he thought the Fed can take “a bit more time to assess our policy stance”. Lisa Cook
in a speech on 5 August said she was prepared to raise rates, if necessary, but that it may not be, given
that “some disinflationary forces are already in play which could push inflation toward our target without a
rate increase”.
Hawkish Warsh did probably not intend to signal the September decision
Fed Chair Kevin Warsh was criticized for his unclear communication at the July post-FOMC press
conference but strengthened his inflation credentials in his 28 August speech at Jackson Hole. His
comments - that the Fed’s predominant focus should be on prices after a long period of sustained,
elevated inflation, that the better-than-expected inflation data during the summer has not convinced him
that underlying trends have “meaningfully improved” and that he would be “hard pressed to describe
financial conditions as restrictive” – now seem to position Warsh among the more hawkish members.
Notably, the Fed Chair warned against taking comfort from modest wage increases (“wage growth has not
proven a reliable indicator of future inflation for a very long time”) or the fact that inflation expectations
continue to be consistent with the target (“the thing about market measures of inflation expectations … is
that they tend to look strong and durable until they don’t). Read more in our comment on Warsh’s speech
here.
Warsh’s speech succeeded in convincing the market that he is serious about inflation and that he sees
changes in the Fed’s policy rate as the main tool to achieve the target. Still, we believe it would be a
mistake to conclude that Warsh was sending a signal for the September meeting given his opposition to
forward guidance. Warsh policy conclusion is also not that dissimilar to the other members: The Fed must
be confident that underlying inflation is moving to the target and if not, the Fed will need to act.
Markets are pricing more than 50% probability for a September hike
Markets made a hawkish interpretation of Warsh’s comments at Jackson Hole but shifted to pricing a
50/50 probability for a September rate increase after Waller’s speech. The probability then increased to
60% (15 bp) after the stronger-than-expected August non-farm payrolls. Fed members have in general
downplayed the weaker jobs data during the summer and as such we do not think the strong August
report will play a large role in their deliberations over whether to hike or not in September. However, solid
demand for workers is a positive sign for the economy and could support the view that current policy rates
are in fact not that restrictive. We continue to expect that August CPI will be decisive for both market
pricing and the Fed.


[Page 3]
Fed Preview
10 September 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
A decision to hike needs to have large support
We do not expect a decision to hold rates unchanged in September to be unanimous. The dissenting
members have continued to call for a rate hike after the July meeting, and we expect them to vote for a
tighter policy in September too. If the Fed, contrary to our expectations, decides to tighten policy we think
that the Committee will strive to build a consensus, given the risks for intensifying political pressures from
the White House and the fact that members seem to share the view that inflation cannot be allowed to
diverge so much from target for so long.
Copy-paste of July statement?
The Fed’s post-meeting statement was remodeled after Kevin Warsh’s first policy meeting in June and
was left almost completely unchanged in July. The statement does no longer include any language on
forward guidance and instead the main components are a description of the current state of the economy
and inflation and a promise that the Fed “will deliver price stability”. Given that there have not been any
major changes to the broader economic trends since the 28-29 July meeting – at least not according to
Warsh’s Jackson Hole speech - we do not expect any significant changes to the language in the statement
either. If the Fed, contrary to our forecast, decides to hike rates, some explanation for the decision would
likely be needed, however.
Warsh to repeat his message from Jackson Hole
We expect Warsh to repeat some of his views from Jackson Hole at the post-meeting press conference
and to continue to stress his commitment to bringing inflation back to target but abstain from clear signals
for coming meetings. Warsh’s earlier press conferences have been criticized for not including a clearer
explanation of the Fed’s policy decisions and the reaction function, and we think that the Jackson Hole


[Page 4]
Fed Preview
10 September 2026
4
Macro & FICC Research
speech was partly a response to that. However, if the Fed hikes, Warsh will be under more pressure to
describe both the reaction function and the next steps.
New projections without input from Warsh
In September FOMC members are, as usual, expected to deliver new forecasts for the economy and rates.
Warsh has been clear that he thinks the Fed should stop releasing its own forecasts and he has chosen not
to provide his own. However, we do not expect any changes to communication policy until next year, when
we see it as likely that the Fed either abolishes the projections or chooses to release them together with
the publication of minutes, to downplay their role as a signaling tool.
No significant changes to the economic outlook
We do not see a need for the Fed to make other than minor changes to the economic projections compared
to June and expect them to continue to project healthy, slightly above trend, growth, a slight decline in the
unemployment rate towards the longer-run and above target inflation in 2026 and 2027 before returning
to target by end 2028. Members usually add one more year in September and we expect these
projections to be close to the current longer-run projections.
June 2026 projections (March 2026 in parentheses)
Q4, y/y, %
2026
2027
2028
Longer run
GDP
2.2 (2.4)
2.3 (2.3)
2.2 (2.1)
2.0 (2.0)
Unemployment*
4.3 (4.4)
4.3 (4.3)
4.2 (4.2)
4.2 (4.2)
PCE inflation
3.6 (2.7)
2.3 (2.2)
2.0 (2.0)
2.0 (2.0)
Core PCE
3.3 (2.7)
2.5 (2.2)
2.1 (2.0)
--
Fed funds rate**
3. 8 (3.4)
3.6 (3.1)
3.4 (3.1)
3.1 (3.1)
*Quarterly average, **End of period
Members are likely to project a 2026 rate hike even with policy on hold in September
The rate projections will be affected by the policy decision in September. In June, Fed members were split
down the middle with 9 out of 18 members predicting at least one hike in 2026, resulting in an increase in
the median rate projection for end-2026. This was expected to be followed by two cuts in 2027 and 2028
respectively. We expect the median rate to continue to project a hike by December. Even if policy is left on
hold, we do not think that members will feel confident enough about inflation progress to materially
change their near-term policy views from June. If the majority believe current rates are restrictive enough
to bring inflation back to target it would still make sense to project scope for a slightly lower rate once
inflation has moved closer to the 2% inflation objective. The urgency in getting inflation back to target
could, however, argue for postponing rate cuts until later in the period or in 2028 and 2029, rather than
2027 and 2028.


[Page 5]
Fed Preview
10 September 2026
5
Macro & FICC Research
We stick to our forecast that rates have peaked, but risks are skewed to the upside
In our Nordic Outlook forecast in August, we stuck to our view that the Fed’s policy rate has peaked but
pushed our expectations for rate cuts further out in time, to September 2027 and March 2028
respectively. Current market pricing and a hawkish leaning Fed means that risks to our forecast are clearly
skewed to the upside. Even if the Fed holds rates unchanged in September, they will need to see further
progress in inflation during the rest of the year. Our forecast for the core PCE – which remains the key
metric for the Fed and is currently unusually elevated compared to the CPI - suggests that disinflation will
be more evident in 2027. The Fed should get some help from the planned methodological changes to the
calculation of PCE inflation later this month, however. The resumption of hostilities in the Middle East and
renewed upward pressure on the oil price is another upside risk. If inflation trends do not improve further
in 2026 the Fed will have no choice but to hike in December. This would further delay our expected rate
cuts and signal that the Fed may not be prepared to cut rates as low as we currently expect unless there is
need to add new policy support.


[Page 6]
Fed Preview
10 September 2026
6
Macro & FICC Research
 
Elisabet Kopelman
US Economist & Fed Watcher
elisabet.kopelman@seb.se
@EKopelman
Olle Holmgren
Chief Strategist Sweden
olle.holmgren@seb.se
+46850623268
