[Page 1]
 
Goldman Desk Warns "Unsustainable" Volatility Shift 
Will End In "Starburst Of Convexity" 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 09, 2026 - 04:55 AM 
A week ago, when looking at the historic collapse in equity vol, alongside the unprecedented 
decoupling in the otherwise tight relationship between spot and vol... 
 
... as well as such localized market abnormalities, as twice the Realized Vol on Rallies than on 
down days (something Goldman's derivatives guru would pick up a few days later, as discussed 
below)... 


[Page 2]
 
 
... Nomura's cross-asset guru Charlie McElligott said that the equity volatility 
collapse/capitulation has gone "epic" with last week's trade looking like like some outright 
stop-outs: "take the IWM 3m ATM iVol which has collapsed to the 0.2% percentile. This market 
action suggests that options market makers and dealers are choking on huge PNL losses, as 
anybody or anything long Optionality / long Skew has been bled-out." McElligott concludes that 
there is a growing possibility of "some meaningful headlines in the next few days of major 
trading losses being crystalized." 
In other words, someone was likely blowing up, forced to sell vol no matter what the prevailing 
market regime was. 
So after tagging a 2026 low on Friday, the VIX finally moved modestly higher, although that was 
during the Monday closed session, and on Tuesday the selling of vol immediately resumed, with 
the VIX now down on the session and erasing the modest morning bounce. 


[Page 3]
 
 
So where are we now? 
Well, as Goldman derivatives guru Brian Garrett writes in his must-read Weekend Prep note 
(available to pro subs), recapping last week's action and segues into the start of the fall season, 
it's a very busy time: "inflation readings, job readings, potential fed hikes, us midterms, sell side 
conferences, AI model releases, capital market raises, and earnings to name just a few", but the 
wildcard hanging over all of these known-unknowns, according to the prop traders - is 
geopolitics – "the potential for escalation or de-escalation across iran/oil, russia/ukraine, china/xi 
visit, among many others."​
​
Stepping back from the macro, to look at the micro, here are the most notable things on the 
Goldman trading desk as we enter the holiday shortened week: 
●​ Fed: the job number reinforced Warsh’s assessment that labor market is solid, and it's 
now all about inflation. The probability of a hike in next week's Fed meeting is 60% (up 
from ~30% pre Jackson hole), and while the Goldman house view maintains “no hike,” 
the PPI on Thursday and the CPI on Friday will be the two most important datapoints 
between now and decision day. That said, similar to today's silky smooth 3Y auction, 
Garrett notes that the S&P vol surface does not seem worried about the inflation prints, 
with the Friday straddle priced at 100bps (readers may recall in 2022 when CPI alone 
warranted a >100bps straddle for a single session). And since it is unlikely this straddle 
will decay until we get the actual data , Garrett is happy to collect the 3 days of free 
gamma. 


[Page 4]
 
 
●​ Rates: No surprise here, to the Goldman trading desk, the long end remains the greater 
risk. That's because the 30yr yield 1-month average is north of 5.2% for the first time 
since 2003, as a result of sticky inflation, treasury supply, and term premium rebuilding, 
which can push yields even higher with or without a hike. As a result of such continued 
rate increases, long duration assets and leveraged balance sheets could be impacted 
rather adversely should financial conditions tighten meaningfully further. Case in point, 
the bond MOVE index closed Friday at just 73 (14th %-ile on a 5y lookback). 


[Page 5]
 
 
Which brings us to the most notable observations by the Goldman trader, namely the latest 
bizarre twists in the land of vol, to wit:  
●​ Vol (i): as mentioned above, implied vol across assets (index and singles) is trading at 
year to date lows. Narrowing down, implied vol across the tech sector (software, semis, 
internet, TMT, etc) went from “eye wateringly” expensive to “extremely reasonable” and 
index vol has gone from relatively low (and not working) to extremely low (and not 
working), echoing McElligott's lament above. To Garrett, singles vol / custom basket 
options / 1-delta + etf options have been the "weapon of choice" to trade these.  


[Page 6]
 
 
●​ Vol (ii): Looking across the single stock landscape, Garrett notes that the summer 2026 
has reminded markets "that high vol doesn’t mean expensive and low vol doesn’t mean 
cheap." The scatterplot below looks across the highest and lowest implied vol for 50 
names in SPX (100 names total) - it shows 6m implied volatility on March 1, 2026 and 
scattered against subsequent 6m realized volatility through sept 1: it shows that high vol 
outrealized even higher hurdles, low vol under realized even lower hurdles!  
 


[Page 7]
 
●​ Vol (iii): Which brings us to the punchline:Garrett notes that we just traded through the 
lowest realized correlation period in recent history; realized correlation across the S&P 
over the last six months is an almost unprecedented 11. For context, there are only two 
periods in the last 25 years have seen correlation this low: Feb 2007 (just before the 
housing bubble burst) and Jan 2018 (just before “volmageddon”). To Garrett, "history 
books suggests levels this low are not sustainable and have ended in a starburst of 
index vol convexity." 
 
Finally, turning to positioning - and we will have much more to say about this shortlyl - the 
Goldman prime brokerage flagged over the weekend that both net and gross levels had 
retraced to post-liberation day lows (apr-may 2025).  


[Page 8]
 
 
Garrett says that you can “feel” this on the desk whenever SPX attempts to break out to new 
highs as questions quickly arise to explain the intraday strength: echoing what McElligott said 
last week, the Goldman trader notes that S&P rallies have been almost twice as volatile as spx 
sell offs 
 


[Page 9]
 
Garrett goes on to note that call implieds have a much higher realized correlation to spx spot, 
noting that this is not the behavior of a market “full” on exposure, and warns that conference 
season - which began today - could exacerbate this dynamic... 
 
More in the full Brian Garrett note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
