[Page 1]
Jim Reid  
 
My new chartbook is on the Deutsche Bank Research Institute site here, where it is open to all. Titled " The 
Home Straight ", it examines the key market themes as we enter the final stretch of the year.  
 
Today’s CoTD appears in the new pack in the section where we use Binky Chadha and Parag Thatte’s 
excellent work reviewing an astonishingly strong Q2 global earnings season. Their piece reviewing it can be 
found here. 
What’s remarkable about the chart is that despite multiple wars, inflation shocks, recessions, financial 
crises and technology revolutions, S&P 500 earnings per share has broadly grown within a remarkably stable 
long-term channel at around 6.5% annually. The Great Depression, post-war boom, productivity surge of the 
1950s and 1960s, the tech revolution, globalisation and the internet era all ultimately remained within those 
boundaries. 
However, fast forward to today where until recently we’ve generally been in a low productivity, low growth 
developed world, US earnings are breaking out on the upside, with Binky and Parag expecting this to be 
sustained in the quarters ahead. 
If sustained, this would represent one of the most significant structural breaks in modern market history with 
the recent years helped enormously by the arrival of AI. 


[Page 2]
However, a small note of caution is needed. This chart tracks EPS rather than aggregate corporate profits. 
EPS can also be boosted by a shrinking share count through buybacks. Conversely, periods of heavy equity 
issuance can dilute EPS growth even if profits are rising strongly. Over the last two decades, US corporates 
have become persistent buyers of their own stock. However, in speaking to Parag that impact peaked in the 
2010s (before the breakout) and over the last 60 years as a whole, raw S&P 500 earnings have actually grown 
faster than EPS. 
So going forward you have to take a side. Does AI allow for a sustainable breakout in earnings that no other 
technology or high growth period in the past has allowed, or is it a sign that we’re seeing an earnings bubble 
as the capex boom lifts all boats? The answer will impact every single global investor in the quarters ahead. 
 
