[Page 1]
 
How Long Can High Stocks & Commodity Returns 
Coexist? 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 09, 2026 - 05:20 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Stocks are reacting negatively to the inflation and growth risks from commodities, which have 
just reached levels not seen since 2012. 
Commodities are rallying, but this is no longer principally an oil story. 
The rally is instead broadening out.  
Since the beginning of August, not only are energy prices rising, such as European gas (up 
34%), or gasoline (+22%), metal prices are also rising (zinc, copper), as well as precious metals 
(silver, platinum, gold), and softs, such as sugar, cocoa and corn. 
 
Only a handful of the main commodities traded on futures markets (eg hogs, cattle, nickel and 
orange juice) are down since Aug. 1. 
The energy shock affects input costs for everything from manufacturing to food production. 


[Page 2]
 
The hobbling of refinery capacity from the Iran war has led to elevated prices for products such 
diesel and gasoline, inflaming transport costs. 
Soft commodity prices are being further pressured by the escalation of the Russia-Ukraine war, 
especially in the Black Sea region, as well as concerns about a particularly potent El Nino this 
year and next. 
Add in a more geopolitically fractured world leading to greater stock-piling and increasing 
national self-sufficiency, and you have a significant, emerging inflationary force in the commodity 
complex. 
The recent rally in raw materials has taken the Bloomberg Commodity Index to near 15-year 
highs. 
On a 10-year annualised basis, returns recently reached a level they have only once eclipsed, in 
2008, since the mega-commodity rally of the 1970s. 
 
But as we can see from the chart above, when commodity prices are high, such as in the 1970s 
or early 2010s, stock prices falter. 
Equivalently, stocks tend to enjoy their best periods when commodities are historically on the 
low side. 
The current environment of rising stock and commodity returns looks somewhat of an anomaly.  
Stocks are slipping today, but if commodity prices stay bid – and there are many reasons for 
them to do just that – the equity market has more downside ahead (noting that higher energy 
prices boosting earnings won’t translate into higher stock prices if the rest of the economy is 
suffering from broad-based commodity inflation.) 
