[Page 1]
 
The Extraordinary Assumption Behind The AI Trade 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 09, 2026 - 01:35 AM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Expectations for almost limitless compute demand are driving the AI trade, leaving it with a core 
vulnerability. 
 
History has shown countless times that the ends do not always justify the means. Yet when it 
comes to AI, rampant speculation, trillions of dollars of spending, cross/circular financing, and 
vast off-balance sheet liabilities are all seemingly justified by the goal of superabundant 
silicon-based intelligence. 
There is no doubt that AI is transformative, and demand for compute has risen exponentially. 
But current and planned investment spending assumes that such demand is virtually without 
limit and highly and persistently elastic. Sam Altman has described token demand as uncapped, 
while Jensen Huang has talked of “twin exponentials” in token growth. 
But what if that’s not the case? In the immediate term, we can see that token price is not 
impervious to declines, with the series recently hitting new lows. 


[Page 2]
 
 
This is not simply because demand for cheaper, open-source models is rising: token costs for 
proprietary and open models have been falling. 
 
This may not be due to compute supply heavily outpacing demand quite yet, but if and when 
that happens token prices would get drilled significantly lower still. Few, however, seem to 
envisage such a possibility. 
Given that trillions of dollars are at risk, this is a huge blind spot that necessitates a closer look. 
Let’s start with a simple equation: 


[Page 3]
 
Compute demand ≈ number of economically viable tasks that LLMs can perform * compute per 
task 
And its main inputs: 
●​ Token price ≈ power cost + data-centre cost + model-provider margin 
●​ Cost of a unit of useful intelligence ≈ price per token * tokens required to complete task; 
and 
●​ Size of the task universe = the number tasks that LLMs can efficiently perform or can 
continually improve at; or more broadly, the number of tasks LLMs can perform at all. 
The bullish case requires the ubiquitous Jevons paradox (the idea that greater efficiency in 
using a resource can increase, rather than reduce, consumption of it) to do a lot of the heavy 
lifting. If token price falls, it’s assumed demand for compute will always rise sufficiently to 
compensate. 
This applies to the cost of intelligence too. For instance, if open-source models — with less of 
an incentive to burn more tokens than proprietary models — become more efficient at 
completing tasks, users and agents will just increase their demand to do more of them. 
But even if Jevons transpires, what if task demand itself isn’t limitless? That is perhaps the 
biggest structural plank of the bullish argument for compute. 
For the the task universe to keep growing, two things are necessary: models must keep 
improving, and there’s an ever-growing set of new tasks that they can handle. Neither can be 
taken for granted. 
There has been a steady increase in the capability of models. We’ll leave to one side 
benchmaxxing, where AI firms game their models to succeed at established intelligence 
benchmarks. Bearing that in mind, we can see that frontier models have kept improving, with 
OpenAI’s Astra the latest model to become the most proficient. 


[Page 4]
 
 
But there is no iron law that says this scaling will continue even though the entire business 
model of the AI labs, and AI infrastructure, depends on it. Without showing sufficient R&D spend 
the labs would just be priced as inferencers, where the economics do not justify the sort of 
valuations Anthropic and OpenAI are seeking. 


[Page 5]
 
 
Models that keep scaling - reflexively leading to better capability and more revenue, which pays 
for more training, yielding even better models - is crucial to the boundless demand case. 
Further, RSI, or recursive self-improvement, is soon expected to supercharge the bullish 
argument. AI labs are spending more on getting AI to improve AI. But the capital arms race is 
but for one architecture, LLMs, and it’s imprudent not to apply a non-negligible probability that 
scaling will fade sooner than expected. Given training is a significant use of tokens (~20-40%), 
this would represent a significant hit to demand. 
Even if models keep becoming more capable, there is another implied assumption keeping the 
whole merry-go-round turning: that the number and length of tasks for LLMs will keep rising. 
Tasks themselves can be broken up into short and long horizon, and bounded and unbounded, 
as discussed in this post on X from investor Giovanni Cattani. Some examples are below: 
 
Unbounded and long horizon tasks especially are music to the ears of the demand 
exponentialists. At the moment, LLM performance on longer horizon tasks is improving, as 
shown in the chart below. 


[Page 6]
 
 
Here again, though, the implicit assumption is that scaling will continue, and models will keep 
getting better, gorging on tokens with abandon. There seems to be little priced into valuation 
models for the possibility this does not happen. 
The final point is probably the most important in the longer term. The implicit assumption 
underpinning much of AI is that intelligence is unbounded. The smartest human has an IQ of 
perhaps 200, but there is, in theory, nothing stopping a machine having an IQ of 1000, or 10,000 
or even more. 
 
There is good reason to be sceptical though. The AI researcher François Chollet has described 
increasing intelligence as not so much a tower you can keep making taller, but a ball you can 
only make so round. There is an optimal level, after which the returns diminish. 
For some tasks, such as problems in maths or science, more intellectual horsepower is likely to 
yield better results, but for many others, such as choosing the best car, adding ever more IQ is 
not going to add much. 
Even for harder problems, though, there are many tasks that are simply “computationally 
irreducible.” LLMs, and AI in general, work by finding pockets of computational reducibility, ie 
shortcuts that can be exploited in the training data (a simple example is the infinitely many 
points on a line can be reduced to the equation for that line). 


[Page 7]
 
But many (and quite likely, most) problems out there we might find useful to be answered are 
not reducible enough in an economically viable way for them to be tractable for LLMs, or 
perhaps any silicon-based AI. 
We’re not close to this bound yet, but when expectations are for super-exponential growth and 
ever-rising enterprise adoption rates, it becomes relevant. 
There is already some doubt implied in AI-related stocks. Forward earnings, revenues and 
margins have been driving tech stocks higher this year. Forward P/Es, however, have slumped: 
in other words, investors have been unwilling to capitalize earnings as far into the future. 
 
Whether or not this is because investors are ascribing a lower probability to unbounded 
compute demand than Jensen Huang or Sam Altman, or for other reasons such as increased 
competition, there is still nowhere near enough scepticism in valuations if stratospheric 
expectations are not realised. 
 
 
 
