[Page 1]
GS Duttenhoefer - Duttenhoefer's Daily (28.09.2026)
Johannes Duttenhoefer  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets
Mon 28 Sep 2026, 2:04am ET
S&P +51bps @7743 (+13% ytd) driven by better tech; market breadth still extremely low; rates higher
with US 10yr at 5.2%; Brent $108 (no middle easy p
S&P +51bps @7743 (+13% ytd) driven by better tech; market breadth still extremely low; rates higher
with US 10yr at 5.2%; Brent $108 (no middle easy progress), Gold $4196 (7 week low; higher yields) and
Bitcoin $83.5k; Micron earnings (Wed), PEC (Wed), ISM (Thu), Nike earnings (Thu) and NFPs (Fri) in
focus.
Trump/Xi summit: no material surprise; “trade truce” extension to January 2027; launch of the “Board of
Trade” with recommendations to reduce tariffs on $30bn of goods from each country; AI dialogue starting
in Nov; message that Iran should not have nuclear weapons; both countries will support and attend the
other’s hosting of the APEC and G20 meetings. Link
Iran: Trump expects U.S. negotiators to engage in more talks with the country this week after he rejected a
proposal on Friday. Link
Banking: Muse and other AI agents could sweep household cash automatically into accounts paying 3.3%
to 5.0%, instead of the 0.1% national average on checking accounts; a potential risk to cheap bank
deposits; good chart published by Apollo. Link
consumer inertia: headlines on Agentic AI use-cases (Meta Muse etc.) are driving market focus on
companies that have historically benefitted from customer rarely revisiting their existing contracts; AI
agents are now able to renegotiate contracts and switch/cancel services; the companies at risk with many
of those contracts can be found in our baskets; GSXUSWCH for the US (55 stocks) and GSXESWCH for
Europe (49 stocks). Link
Micron in focus: earnings on 30th Sep; we expect persistent supply/demand tightness to drive another
strong quarter with upside to Cons and guidance; investors to focus on SCAs added in the quarter, capital
return plans, supply additions and HBM4 product trends; investor expectations remain elevated given
ongoing DRAM price momentum; raise our revenue and EPS estimates based on the latest outlook for
DRAM demand and recent pricing trends, and introduce our CY29 estimates. Link
Oracle: CDS hit a record high and its 2056 bond yield crossed 8%; S&P rates Oracle BBB− which is just
one notch above junk. Link
AI safety: OpenAI, Anthropic and security researchers are examining tens of thousands of episodes in
which frontier models behaved in potentially problematic ways, from bypassing guardrails to attempting
to escape test sandboxes; should not be read as tens of thousands of confirmed harmful breaches but the
scale underscores the challenge of controlling agents. Link


[Page 2]
higher rates = shorting Non-Profitable Tech?: US 10yr higher for 7 straight months (longest streak in
50yrs); Non-profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) tends to be the most vulnerable equity part to higher rates;
rates correlation has recently broken on higher retail participation and solid nominal growth; with a
100bp+ expansion in the 10Y and GSXUNPTC outperforming SPX by more than 20% over 1yr, we think
the setup to short is now very compelling. Link
Pete Callahan “sunday notes”: always worth a read; NDX now up 7 of 8 days with new ATHs; investor
sentiment showing reserved optimism with a heavy dose of angst and fatigue, see GS sentiment indicator
in firmly negative territory and market breadth at the lowest levels since 2000; good charts and thoughts.
Link
AI capex, required revenues, and what's priced in the AI trade: our US equity strategist published a good
update on the AI trade; we estimate that AI users would need to spend roughly $1 trillion annually on AI
applications in order for the hyperscalers to generate solid returns on investment and the application layer
to generate strong profit margins on their compute expenses. This compares with roughly $1.5 trillion in
global software spending in 2026 and $1.8 trillion in potential annual US labor productivity gains; worth a
look here: Link
Germany: we have hosted our yearly conference in Munich last week; >100 companies and >1000
participants; extremely high engagement and investor sentiment was pretty constructive; intense debates
on AI, the current macro landscape (energy, rates, consumer etc); you can find our live short sales
feedback company by company here: Day 1: Link Day 2: Link Day 3: Link
Stat of the Day: hyperscalers have started to monetize their AI investments. Year/year cloud revenue
growth for AMZN, GOOGL, MSFT, and ORCL has accelerated from 25% in 2024 to 48% in Q2 2026.
Link
Chart of the Day: market breadth has recently plunged. Link
Source: Goldman Sachs; past performance is no indicator for future performance.


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 28 September 2026.
