[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 28 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, Global Banking & Markets
Mon 28 Sep 2026, 2:06am ET
Stat of the Day It’s not just the HF community reducing risk into the highs … our futures team highlights
almost a quarter reduction in asset manager
Stat of the Day
It’s not just the HF community reducing risk into the highs … our futures team highlights almost a quarter
reduction in asset manager equity length (from 48% of total OI to 36% of total OI) (h/t Brian Garrett)
Chart of the day (Here)
Macro GS Research:
US Weekly Kickstart - Macro uncertainty has weighed on equity investor positioning and market breadth.
Our Sentiment Indicator of US equity investor positioning has declined to -0.9, matching the lows reached
in March. While AI strength has kept the headline S&P 500 relatively resilient, the median stock in the
index trades 16% below its 52-week high, dragging market breadth to its lowest level since the Dot-Com
Bubble. Together, these factors indicate the potential for both broad market upside and a "catch-up" from
recent laggards if macro uncertainty declines. One reason for the decline in valuations is the rise in interest
rates. The S&P 500 equity risk premium has remained near the current 3% level for most of the last two
years. The lower P/E also reflects investor concerns that the AI investment boom is causing companies to
"over-earn" relative to both cash flows and a sustainable level of profits. Both interest rates and corporate
profitability will determine the fair value multiples for US equities going forward. Our macro model for
valuation incorporates Treasury yields, inflation, and corporate profitability. The S&P 500 P/E multiple
today appears consistent with an ROE of 22%, high versus history but 2 pp below the current level,
reflecting the market's justified skepticism regarding the sustainability of current profitability. The share of
variation in sector valuations explained by ROE has risen to a multi-decade high, mirroring a narrowing
dispersion of stock valuation multiples across the market. Our long/short Value factor has returned over
25% since the middle of last year, but narrow valuation dispersion and an outlook for near-trend economic
growth suggest a weaker outlook for the factor today.
Inflation Through Year-End - We preliminarily forecast +0.24% for monthly core CPI in September and
+0.22% in October. These readings will be boosted by two factors. First, our nowcast for September
airfares has risen to +3% on the back of the increase in jet fuel prices, and we expect higher energy and
other commodity costs to contribute 3-5bp to monthly core inflation for the next few months. Second, the
October seasonal factors have been distorted by the approach the Bureau of Labor Statistics is using to
interpolate the data that are missing because of last year’s government shutdown for the purposes of
calculating updated seasonal factors. We estimate that this new source of residual seasonality will unduly
boost October seasonally-adjusted core CPI inflation by 5bp (and October core PCE inflation by a slightly
smaller margin). Thereafter, we expect cooler core CPI readings (November: +0.12%, December:


[Page 2]
+0.11%), reflecting continued tepid shelter inflation and limited further tariff-related price increases.
Additionally, we expect the health insurance component to shave 2-3bp off monthly core CPI inflation
between October 2026 and March 2027, reflecting the narrowing of profit margins at health insurance
companies, which inform the CPI index with a lag. Core PCE inflation will likely remain slightly more
stubborn (GS forecasts for September-December: +0.23%/+0.23%/+0.16%/+0.16%). PCE does not use
the CPI as its source for health and auto insurance data, and therefore will not receive the downward
pressure we expect on CPI from declines in those categories. And while upcoming methodological
revisions to PCE should reduce the contribution from the (mismeasured) software and accessories
category, we expect modest upward sequential pressure reflecting the lagged impact of increases in
memory prices.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
MELI Feedback - We attended MELI's seller convention MELI Experience 2026 (MELIXP) in Brazil on
September 24/25. The event is designed to provide sellers with an update on MELI's vision for growth,
introduce new products and services from across the ecosystem and help sellers learn how to resolve
bottlenecks and leverage different capabilities like ads, fulfillment, etc. to drive growth and profitability.
Much of this year's agenda was dedicated to preparing sellers for the promotional calendar ahead, after the
7/7 campaign in July reportedly exceeded last year's Black Friday in terms of items sold. Management
expects the stretch of double dates from 10/10 through Christmas to be investment-heavy, helped by
October coinciding with Children's Day and Cyber Monday falling on the payment date of the first
installment of the 13th salary. The strategy is centered on social commerce, increased investments in
affiliates (with new features such as exclusive campaigns with best performing affiliates), live commerce,
and new AI features to improve conversion.
Target - In this note, we update our Target sentiment analysis, looking at social media sentiment and
HundredX data over time following the boycott early last year. Overall, social media sentiment inflected
lower in the last month and a half, with a key driver being a controversial Halloween costume and boycott-
related messaging. On the other hand, NPI and NPS continue to show signs of improvement, while both
metrics are tracking below historical trends. Given the amount of change and investment Target spoke to at
its March Investor Day, we also continue to monitor the store for any changes to the floor, brands, and
merchandising.
Exelon - On 9/24, we hosted a discussion with Mr. Will Sauer, Exelon's Vice President of Federal
Regulatory Affairs, to discuss the company's federal regulatory and power market reform priorities. The
company remains focused on working to accommodate large load growth while protecting existing
customers through TSAs, supporting grid reliability, and providing new customers with optionality.
Ultimately, EXC does not believe the current capacity market construct in PJM is adequate to incentivize
new supply, preferring more of a prompt capacity procurement process that would give states and
customers a larger roll in resource planning and reorient the PJM auction to a residual one. In addition, the
company sees potential for heightened scrutiny around data centers and bill inflation to persist beyond
November, with opportunities for more trust to be built between consumers and data center developers.


[Page 3]
Market Update
Strong end to the week for US equities with indices finishing in the green and SPX closing 71bps from the
ATHs despite multiple competing forces behind the scenes, with the Meta Muse AI wave, continued US-
Iran tensions, and rising yields all top of mind; on the week SPX +1.21% // NDX + 3.25% // R2K -0.68%.
On the macro front, headline roulette continued with debate around the Strait of Hormuz dominating
sentiment this week. Friday, The New York Times reported Iran proposed a conditional plan to reopen the
Strait of Hormuz within seven days and resume nuclear talks, providing some late week relief.
Importantly, the US-China trade truce was extended by two months as President Xi Jinping arrived in
Washington for his first state visit in eleven years, a positive geopolitical signal that provided some
support to risk assets mid-week. A continued surge in oil prices along with hot flash Sept PMIs pushed
yields through post-2007 highs. The 30-year Treasury yield hit its highest since 2004 on Thursday before
partially recovering Friday as oil retreated. Post FOMC decision last week, we have exited the blackout
period and heard hawkish commentary from a number of different officials this week: "further policy
adjustments are likely to be needed to ensure inflation returns to target in a timely fashion” (Barr) // "We
still haven't fixed the inflation issue. We're into more than five years of inflation above target" (Schmid) //
"not that much" had changed in the inflation trajectory, which was "precisely the issue" (Barkin).
CALENDAR
There are no major data releases scheduled.
Earnings:
Pre:
Post: JEF
US Conferences
Event
Date
Sector
Registration
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York
2-3 Dec
Industrials
Here
GS Financial Services Conference, New York
8-9 Dec


[Page 4]
Financials
Save the Date
Bookmark | Read
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 28 September 2026.
