[Page 1]
GS Biswas - GS Credit MarketStrats | Keeping eyes on the green
shoots before jumping into the bear camp 27 Sep 2026
Avishek Biswas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Credit Market Strategy
Sun 27 Sep 2026, 2:56pm ET
The drift wider in rates continued with EUR rates 5-10bps wider and USD rates 15-20bps last week. The
magnitude of the moves on Wednesday concerned me given we came into this week with pretty defensive
investor positioning in rates (particularly the systematic community). Both EUR and USD rates are now at
10yr highs and rates vol is on the higher side (though still not in the alarming territory).
Equities holding on
SPX (+1.2%), SX5E (+1%) and my favorite NDX (+3.25%) ended the week higher though; metrics of
investor sentiment and positioning have been pointing towards a lightly positioned equity investor base –
so equities holding well last week didn’t come as a surprise to me (my last Sunday’s note). Equity
positioning still looks light (Graphic 2) and SPX is starting to build momentum towards the upside – from
here I would expect higher upside on positive catalyst(s) relative to the potential for downside on negative
catalyst(s). With equity implied vols low, loading up some SPX calls looks pretty compelling to me.
Credit set-up is looking bit more complicated though
Was a different story in credit which had broad based widening last week (Graphic 1). Interesting that
some of the underperformers over the past month continued the underperformance last week (EUR
SnrFins cash in particular); on top of that, high beta IG which have been holding OK previously
(AT1/Corp Hybrids) also participated in the weak price action in credit last week. The other theme was the
underperformance of bonds vs iTraxx/CDX with EUR IG cash ending the 4bps wider vs iTraxx Main
ending unchanged.
Which then brings the question – where to from here in credit?
Net issuance minus fund flows picture has been deteriorating over the past month (Graphic 3) via a
combination of heavy September issuance and weak inflows. The weakness in the inflows has not been
surprising given the recent negative total returns in credit which has been suffering from +ve rates/spread
correlation (Graphic 4) amidst this sell-off in rates. All of this makes it easy to jump into the bear camp but
a number of factors should support credit (at least into the next 1 month horizon).
Resilience in equities (particularly in AI) should be supportive of broader risk asset appetite. Rates have
already done a lot of heavy work with both USD and EUR rates having moved >60bps wider over the past
2 months. Positioning in rates is already very short (with lot of unwinds/stop outs recently) skewing the
near-term asymmetry towards a relief rally (unless we see large inflation surprises to the upside). October
has historically been a light month from credit issuance perspective (Graphic 5) with our syndicate team
expecting issuance to slowdown in October – which should help the technical picture in credit. Credit


[Page 2]
spread valuations have improved (Graphic 1) after the recent bout of widening with spreads in many of the
pockets screening above the 70th percentile on a 1-year lookback.
Preferred longs/sources of carry
From here credit investors (especially those running underweight) should consider tactically ramping up
their portfolio betas. Below are some of my preferred expressions :
Longer-duration EUR IG Senior Fins cash (GSLCIF5Y basket) – Graphic 6 : Senior Fins cash has been
the underperformer within EUR credit over the past couple of months (driven by the Aug/Sep issuance).
With banks’ fundamentals continuing to remain solid, the expected supply slowdown in October should
help this space perform. Adding longer-duration bonds will increase the MtM potential into potential
spread squeeze. Hyperscalers (GSLCEUHS basket) : Readers of my note are by now aware that I view this
space as a decent long into the rest of the year. They have outperformed the rest of credit over the past
month and have some more room to squeeze. Selling iTraxx October expiry straddles : iTraxx Main 1m
ATM straddles are current pricing ~1.55bps/day move – and while realized vol has been recently moving
up, improvement in credit technicals (via the expected slowdown in issuance in October) should help
dampen the realized vol. This makes me favor 1m straddle selling as a reasonable source of carry. For
example consider selling iTraxx Main S46 October 62.5 straddles (reach out for indicative pricing).
If you still are not constructive and looking to add hedges – shorting BBs is a compelling proposition
I flagged in my note a month back, the richness of EUR BBs where spreads were at the tightest level since
2010 (and at the 3rd percentile since 2000). While the space has widened since then, it continues to screen
rich with current spreads at just the 8th percentile over a 10y lookback (Graphic 7). I continue to remain
wary of HY credit (given the headwinds from higher refinancing costs) and the historically thin risk
premium embedded in the BBs gives little margin for error. Investors looking for convex hedges can
consider shorting GS EUR HY BB 4Y+ basket (GSLCH2B4) – the basket comprises of a liquid set of
BB+/BB/BB- rated EUR bonds with 4yr+ maturity and currently trades a relatively tight spread of
~220bps.
France
The space remains in focus with 10y OAT-Bunds widening by another 5bps last week (and now sitting
north of 110bps). Some interesting work from both Rates MarketStrats showing the moves in OAT-Bunds
screen outsized relative to what would have been implied by a range of different parameters. Credit has
been catching up too with a noticeable underperformance in the French IG bonds vis-à-vis the rest of the
EUR IG market (Graphic 8). It’s fascinating to note that 10y OAT-Bund spread now trades wider than
iTraxx SubFin index for the first time ever (Graphic 9). Going short risk iTraxx SubFin index vs long risk
10y OAT-Bund spreads now looks a pretty interesting and asymmetric trade.
Graphic 1 => Valuation vs moves in credit
Graphic 2 => GS sentiment indicator is implying light investor positioning in equities


[Page 3]
The Sentiment Indicator tracks investor positioning across the more than 80% of the US equity market that
is owned by institutional, retail and foreign investors. Readings of -1.0 or lower have signaled very light
positioning and have historically been a statistically significant signal for subsequent S&P 500
performance.
Graphic 3 => Net issuance minus fund flows (rolling 2-month basis)
Graphic 4 => Rates/credit spread correlation in EUR and USD (1m rolling basis)
Chart 5 => Proportion of the annual EUR IG issuance split across the different months
Graphic 6 => Spread to benchmark of GSLCIF5Y (1-year history)
Graphic 7 => Spread history of EUR BB bond index
Graphic 8 => French IG corporate bonds catching up to the underperformance of OATs vs Bunds
Graphic 9 => 10y OAT-Bund spread now wider than iTraxx SubFin index spread
Max loss : Unlimited. For all charts unless otherwise stated. Source: GS FICC and Equities, Lipper. As of
25-Sep-2026. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Any references to I/we/us/our refer to GS Credit MarketStrats.
For analytics on European Macro, check out our latest European Macro Credit dashboard
For analytics on US Macro*, check out our latest US Macro Credit dashboard
Marquee content page


[Page 4]


[Page 5]


[Page 6]


[Page 7]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 28 September 2026.
