[Page 1]
 
Goldman Says 'Don't Wait For The Midterms': 
Stagflation's Priced, Goldilocks Is Coming 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SUNDAY, SEP 27, 2026 - 02:25 AM 
Despite the undoubted complexity of ongoing interconnected macro & micro themes, Goldman 
Sachs Partner, Mark Wilson, sees three key reasons why the upside opportunity in equities into 
year-end is becoming increasingly clear. 
 
In his latest must-read "Weekly Mash" (available here for pro subs), Wilson says the bullish 
drivers are best explained against the backdrop of the two key market impulses at play right 
now (both of which were epitomized in price action again this week)... 
1/ AI FOMO is back... 
...after the 3mth consolidation in broad AI-levered themes (best & most simply captured via 
Nasdaq, as below), & a significant reduction in investor positioning & weighting to the theme 
after a historic run-up in Q2, Monday saw a convincing breakout as Meta’s Muse product both 


[Page 2]
 
accelerated the market’s perception of AI’s timeline to broad consumer adoption, and also lit a 
clear fear of missing out amongst many... 
 
And... 
2/ Yields broke higher again... 
...but this time the catalyst was not related to the extreme government & AI CapEx cycle 
competition for capital, nor was it the energy complex-induced inflationary thrust; it was the 
unabated strength of nominal growth in the US (as per stronger than expected PMI data)... 


[Page 3]
 
 
On one hand, its surprising equities managed to hold a week of gains given the scale of the 
move in yields; but given the upside realization in growth & the de-risking we’ve seen, perhaps 
that’s fairly simply rationalized. 
Taking that at face value, and triangulating the mood of investors, two other views seem to be 
widely & popularly held at present: 
1/ after 7 consecutive months of higher 10yr US yields (the longest run in 50yrs!), risks are 
growing that the bond market catalyzes a move lower in equity prices; and 


[Page 4]
 
 
2/ both a de-escalation in the Gulf & the (safe) passage past the Mid-Terms are required before 
re-risking will occur... 
Of course, as ever, the central questions are – how right are those consensus views, and how 
do these key impulses resolve themselves from here ? 
Which leads Wilson to those three reasons why the upside opportunity in equities into year-end 
is becoming increasingly clear... 
Inflation 
As per the chart above (7 months of higher yields), ever since the Iran conflict began the 
headline energy price impact has clouded core inflation debate.  
However, tariff pass through is waning, hikes (& associated tightening in FCI) are having impact, 
the 2nd derivative of growth is slowing, and we’ve discovered through the Iran conflict that 
should SoH flows normalize, there’s meaningful downside risk to energy prices... 


[Page 5]
 
 
Iran’s window of greatest negotiating leverage is presumably from now til Nov 2nd, and so the 
risk of a new deflationary energy story anytime seems very clear. 
And perhaps most importantly & trumping the energy story, Meta’s Muse just fired the first 
deflationary shot across consumer goods & services.   
Our research work on the "Agentic AI Era For Commerce" (pro subs can read the full note here) 
and our baskets team’s work on "Short Consumer Inertia” stocks (available here for pro subs) 
are both worth a read: 


[Page 6]
 
 
Growth: 
Activity has (specifically in the US) been better than expected, but also more resilient than 
anticipated given the geo-political & energy price uncertainty of the last 6 months. 
But from here, that upside risk diminishes and the 2nd derivative will slow. 
Jan Hatzius outlines ("Lower Inflation, Limited Hikes" available here for pro subs) why the fiscal 
benefits fade from here(tax cut benefits diminish), gas price & mortgage rate increases will bite 
for segments of the economy & consumer, and our strategists outline why the AI CapEx epoch 
will persist, but slow, from here ("AI CapEx, Required Revenues, and What's Priced In?" 
available here for pro subs). 
Combined with the prior points on inflation, all this will mean central banks likely disappoint on 
hikes versus what’s currently priced (see right side of chart below for GS expectations vs the 
forward pricing)... 


[Page 7]
 
 
....and that now is the wrong time to be worrying about higher yields – the time for that was 7 
months ago. 
Earnings 
There is a very justifiable debate playing out today on the sustainability of corporate earnings 
growth, and the degree to which we’re in the middle of an “earnings bubble”. 
Fortunately, as so often keeps happening right now – Ben Snider’s US strategy team just wrote 
the required research to help pcik your side “Over-earning, but not an earnings bubble” 
(available here for pro subs). 
The market is disappointingly incapable of holding many things true at the same time, but on 
this theme there seem to be 3 likely truths:  
1/ don’t pay for record “other income”;  
2/ memory stocks & some semis are over-earning; and  
3/ core earnings are likely to be particularly strong, even if slowing, through at least the end of 
2027 (see the light blue bars below). 


[Page 8]
 
 
The market’s been trying to price the risk of a meaningful slowdown in growth & earnings, 
alongside even higher rates.  
The neat stagflation story doesn’t match the data. 
Slowing growth + a falling inflation threat + less hawkish central banks + a year of de-rating is 
not a bad mix. 
In many ways, this is the back-and-forth markets battled for multiple years through the last major 
technology step-change in the mid/late-90s. 
If the market is priced for stagflation and gets Goldilocks, the widely-documented post-midterm 
year-end pattern of decent gains can still play - and he would not wait for the midterms. 
Wilson concludes by highlighting that he is "increasingly of the view you don’t want to wait for 
the Mid-Terms", adding that although much of this note has focused on the US; Europe & the 
UK are set-up just as well to participate, albeit for slightly different reasons (as the energy price 
threat recedes). 
Professional subscribers can read Wilson's full 'Weekly Mash' here at our new Marketdesk.ai 
portal 
 
 
 
