[Page 1]
 
The Scoreboard Said Zero, The Bruises Didn't... 
Goldman Partner Sees Markets Caught Between 
'No Man's Land & Sniper's Alley' 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SUNDAY, SEP 27, 2026 - 05:05 PM 
"No man's land... sniper's alley… maybe both..." 
 
That is the rather ominous narrative that Goldman Sachs Partner, Bobby Molavi, began his 
must-read 'Rumination's note this week (available here in full for pro subs). 
Molavi sees a stock market that spent the prior week getting punched in the face by AI-trade 
fear, higher oil, and challenged Nasdaq moving averages - then round-tripped back to a 
scoreboard that read zero. 
The "bruises, fatigue, and scars" stayed. The P&L didn’t. 
Then this week was quieter (in stocks), but not kinder (see bonds) as Muse brought a refocus 
on the positives of AI, and positioning was “much, much cleaner.” 


[Page 2]
 
Hormuz hope took some heat out of the shorter-end of the yield curve (steepened the curve), 
but under the hood it still feels unwindy. In a world that now lives above 5%, the only two 
questions that matter are: 
1.​ how high yields have to go before asset allocation rotates out of equities, and 
2.​ how high they have to go before duration and multiples simply de-rate. 
Every bit of bad news seems to digested and explained away and every bit of good news 
heralded as the first step in a path to normal. 
Meta just staged a one-month 43% squeeze on Muse and consumer agents. 
Oracle’s force majeure put AI credit back on the table. Project Jupiter paper was quoted 89–91. 
Sell-side has $768bn of 2026 AI capex set against $255bn of depreciation - and $1.2 trillion of 
2029 capex against $581bn of assets that perish on a timer. 
Watch oil. Watch yields.  
"Ultimately, we continue to look through Oil for now...and hope for calmer and lower. Can't say I 
fully understand why....but no matter." 
Molavi’s tell is simple: as spot crude eases, it takes pressure off the long end. 
The hidden tailwind nobody wants to price is oil back at $80 and the hike path suddenly looking 
optional (how fast did we swing from 2-3 cuts to 3-4 hikes? too fast?). 
As has been the case since July: 
 "tricky markets….you’re sprinting to stand still…and everyone dancing but a growing feeling of 
readiness for the music to stop... and by that I mean... end of year with performance in tact..." 
Inflation vs deflation 
We are the middle of an inflationary impulse caused by Ai capex, investment and 
spending….but…..at some point that could/should (if history is a measure) flip into a deflationary 
force. As the cost of compute declines, as the barriers to entry lower, as adoption increases and 
as the benefits of efficiency and productivity increase…we will see the benefits of being able to 
do more with less…..and also spend less to get more. Perhaps Muse is the first example of a 
tangible step in this direction. A ‘wrapper’ that enables main street to harness the benefits of 
agentic ‘co-pilots’ and a potential end of ‘lazy revenues’ driven by human apathy/business. 
Public vs private 
This seems to be a battle royale at the moment. The scale of private companies and value 
creation in private vs public companies. The value and returns (and risks) of Private equity and 


[Page 3]
 
private credit vs public market asset managers (longs and hedge fund). That being said, I was 
thinking about Public vs Private through a different lens. The impact of higher yields, higher cost 
of capital and higher debt servicing for private (companies) vs public (the state). In reality...the 
cost to governments and public services is far far greater than to private companies (just see 
the UK government focus on Tax everywhere to fill the 'gap'). That being said, there is a growing 
interconnectedness as several ways of scale financing collide at the same time - govt debt and 
public financing vs High yield (PE related from 20/21 vintage) vs IG vs Ai capex. As these 
'waves' start to collide in 27 and 28. There could be some damage. 
Food and water 
As we think about bottlenecks, scarce resource and strategic assets. Worth noting non financial 
news time being spent on food price inflation, on weather change and yield impacts, on corn 
and bean prices and second order impacts to developing countries, on water shortages and 
water contamination. A worrying shift towards food and water become a scarce resource in and 
of itself…but unlike oil, chips and compute…. one with broader, deeper and more troubling 
ramifications. 
Flapping airplanes 
I saw a slide recently breaking down the TAMs of 'low data tasks' where Ai can (and likely will 
dominate). It described search as a $200bn TAM and Coding at a $1 trillion TAM with both well 
on the way to being disrupted/conquered etc. Then it went on to highlight Trading as $3 trillion, 
Robotics at $15 trillion and things like Science and discovery as unbounded. Obviously people 
inside each respective circle will look to Ai to win share within the circle...but from a birds eye 
view there is the broader point of 'Ai diffusion' across surface areas and TAMs. 
Inference economy 
Rather than trying to articulate this myself...going to steal from one much smarter than 
me....Rich Privorotsky...'I think we’re going to spend the next few weeks and months realizing 
that Muse is only the first of many entrants that will radically change individual and corporate 
productivity, and ultimately how we communicate and transact. AI super users have had 
versions of this capability for a while, but it was technically complex, required constant 
maintenance and frankly wasn’t something the average person could use out of the box. Now 


[Page 4]
 
the proliferation should be enormous. As large corporates underwrite the safety, infrastructure 
and distribution, a lot of friction and rent seeking can disappear from the economy.' with this will 
come productivity boosts, efficiency boosts and the removal of friction that slows the drivers of 
growth. The key to all of this....is the tailwind it creates for value creation and the potential for 
structural deflation. 
Data-Center stress 
Republicans coming out against Data centres in their areas (ahead of midterms), Democrats 
(some) coming out against Data centres full stop. A huge amount of financing going into the 
builds and off takes of these centres..and a separate battle between Frontier and Open weight 
(and regulation) which may define the value/cost of the a token and the run rates of these huge 
infra cap ex builds. Meanwhile.....I read over the weekend (on Techmeme) that $18bn of debt 
tied to the Oracle project in New Mexico (project Jupiter) were being 'quoted' at 89 to 91 cents. 
Ai and depreciation 
Most of the focus has been on the capex and the ROI. I wonder as these things spin up...when 
people will start focusing more on the maths of depreciation. Clearly a huge amount of ink been 
spilt on the longevity of GPUs and how to best get max output from them via cooling and 
efficiency maxxing...but whatever one does...these are perishing and depreciating assets. Sell 
side analysts are forecasting for around $255bn of depreciation in 2026 vs a capex of $768bn. 
Pushing that out...they expect $1.2 trillion of capex in 2029 vs $581bn of depreciation....worth 
noting this is on on balance sheet capex on something which astronomical depreciation 
charges....oh and revenue expectations 
Backlog vs real 
There are many industries where practitioners talk to backlog. We see it in M&A, we see it in 
relation to the film industry and now we see in Ai infra. T0 give some example....we look at film 
industry and see companies like Disney needing to take write downs and restate earnings post 
a film like John carter...a circa $200m loss. the other big losses over $100m i found out about in 
case interested - The Marvells, Mortal engines, the last Indiana Jones, Joker 2, The flash, the 
Lone ranger). The point here, outside of the dangers of the movie industry, is that what people 
hope for and what ends up coming can diverge. The wave of IG 5 year issuance to build infra to 


[Page 5]
 
deliver compute is all very well...but how does one price the risks of failure, delay and fraud into 
that equation? How does one factor politics and electoral risks (change in leader, party, 
philosophy) into those risks? And what discount factor should be applied to 'builders' of things 
who have limited experience of pricing, building and delivering the things they are having to 
build? Or put another way....what discount factor should one put on a 'backlog' 
Moonshots 
Has investing structurally shifted up the risk curve? As people look at the value creation from 
colonising mars….artificial intelligence….driverless cars…..and drones/robots….are we seeing a 
natural shift away from the traditional to the futuristic….and as a result…from a form of investing 
anchored around fundamentals and valuations towards a form of investing around the art of the 
possible and predicting the future. 
Betting on the future 
A venture and growth mindset seems to be permeating everything. The speed of value creation 
–time to unicorn status…time to decacorn status…time to centacorn…time to gigacorn (this is 
actually a word…I checked)….the time to going public…time to getting to $1bn ARR. Yet 
another example…is the time to being a $100bn revenue company. If we look how many years it 
took the following companies to go from $10bn to $100bn in revenues (inflation adjusted) we 
see the likes of Meta, Amazon, Nvidia, Google, Tesla all taking between 6 and 10 years. Open 
Ai hit the mark in around 3 years…Anthropic (according to public press) in even less time. To 
put in context , it took stripe 7 years, salesforce and snowflake 10 years each and Adobe and 
Palantir 18 years. One remaining question at the start of the year for me was….who will be the 
fastest private company to reach a $1 trillion valuation….well I think we have the answer to that 
question…the only misfire was that it was more than one company. 
Venture capital and unicorn creation 
In 2005 Preqin counted only two unicorns (VC backed companies with valuations above $1bn). 
2020 and 2021 created over 650 unicorns alone. Then the reckoning came and the shift away 
from growth at any cost, valuations based on clicks and volumes and a harder non zirp 
environment where capital became harder to find and source, up rounds were no longer the 
norm and profitability became a thing. With shift came more 'illiquidity' for investors and fewer 


[Page 6]
 
exits and, in many cases, longer holding periods. If we look back at 2025…we see a segment 
where 1 year rolling IRR’s were at 10 year lows….you fast forward to today…and we’ve just 
seen the biggest VC exit in history…and are on track for trillions of dollars of market cap 
creation from venture backed companies….and the top 10 private tech companies are worth 
around $5 trillion of market cap at previous valuations. How quickly things can change. In the 
land of venture…intangible assets are hard to measure , their value is opaque they don’t fall 
under normal accounting rules or traditional valuation methodologies. Often much of the value 
lies in founder or the tech…and the belief in one or both. Venture capital as a group finance the 
most dynamic companies, generate disproportionate wealth and research and development, 
and knit together the fertile networks that drive the knowledge economy. 
So, with all that said, here we are: cleaner books, fatter AI TAMs, and a market that appears to 
have decided every shock is transitory until it isn’t.  
CapEx waves, PE vintage refinancings, IG (for now) compute paper, and sovereign funding are 
all scheduled to occupy the same financing corridor in 2027–28. 
Food and water are quietly joining chips and barrels on the scarcity list.  
●​ If the next down-tick in oil really does retire the hike path, the right tail writes itself. 
●​ If it doesn’t, the scoreboard that printed zero this week was only the warmup. 
The music is still playing... The readiness to abandon the dance floor with any gains in tact is 
what matters next. 
Professional subscribers can read Bobby Molavi's full "Ruminations" note here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
