[Page 1]
 
Morgan Stanley: Investors Are Raising Expectations 
For Future Growth Even Faster Than Rates Are 
Rising 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SUNDAY, SEP 27, 2026 - 09:10 PM 
By Andrew Sheets, head of fixed income research at Morgan Stanley 
US 10-year Treasury yields have risen 100bp this year, while global equities are up about 13%. 
Those numbers sit in uncomfortable tension. Higher bond yields raise the return investors can 
earn elsewhere, increase the discount rate applied to future profits and, at least in theory, lower 
the value of equities. 
But that theory has two moving parts. 
Per the Gordon Growth model, the value of a stock is a function of its expected dividend 
payments (D) divided by r-g, the required rate of return minus growth. Higher rates push down 
on valuations by raising r and the denominator. Better growth pushes the other way. What 
matters isn't r in isolation, but the gap between the two. 


[Page 2]
 
 
While this equation may be algebra, it can be impacted by psychology. Consider a world where 
rates are rising alongside 'hot' market conditions. It's entirely plausible that, given that buoyant 
backdrop, investors find a way to raise expectations for future growth, g, even faster. 
And that, we think, is exactly what's been happening. 
Global earnings growth is remarkably strong. Mike Wilson and our US Equity Strategy team 
expect S&P 500 EPS to see growth for the median US stock running in the mid-teens, with 
earnings revisions again near cycle highs. Marina Zavolock and our European Equity Strategy 
team have just seen Europe's strongest earnings season in years, with 2026 EPS growth 
around 20% and the median stock growing earnings over 10%. Across Asia and EM, Jonathan 
Garner's team saw a net 21-percentage-point skew to earnings beats last quarter, alongside an 
11-point skew toward forward EPS upgrades. 
This helps explain one of 2026's more remarkable outcomes. If you had told someone on 
January 1st that the S&P 500 would be up 13% with the US 10-year yield 100bp higher, they 
probably would have wagered, with reasonable confidence, that the equity risk premium (ERP) 
would have fallen...significantly. 
It hasn't. Thanks to those strong earnings, the gap between the S&P 500 earnings yield and 
Treasury yields (our US Equity Strategy team's preferred definition of the ERP) is broadly 
unchanged. Earnings, rather than a higher multiple, are doing the work this year, and it's one 
reason our US Equity Strategists see this as a classic mid-cycle market. 


[Page 3]
 
 
Of course, there's a more direct way higher rates could hit equities: investors could reallocate. 
Today's higher yields represent an extremely liquid asset that any global investor can buy. And 
so however we think the bond-equity gap looks on paper, investors actually selling stocks (or 
other assets) to buy bonds would suggest those relative valuations are attractive enough to 
drive action. 
Yet we're not seeing much evidence of that, at least so far. ETF flows (a useful proxy given their 
fast-moving nature), remain positive across both stocks and bonds. And the two asset classes 
have generally been moving in the same direction (positively correlated), the opposite of what 
you'd expect if investors are reallocating meaningfully from one to the other. 
Companies also have a say in this debate. 
Investors look at IG corporate yields near 6% and ask whether bonds are cheap enough to buy. 
Large US technology companies are looking at today's cost of debt and asking whether bonds 
are a preferable to equity as source of financing. So far, they've been answering yes. 
Through August, US IG issuance stood at $1.6 trillion, up 30% year-on-year. Hyperscalers have 
issued more than $220 billion of bonds this year, and with both an active capex and M&A cycle 
underway, we continue to expect 2026 to see an all-time high in corporate net supply. 
Financing decisions around AI are an increasingly rich mosaic of options, as my colleague 
Vishwanath Tirupattur discussed in Summer of AI Financing. Higher rates do pose challenges to 
certain stabilized data-centers, for example, and our credit team recently dug deep into how 
they might deal with higher rates. Still, the biggest tech issuers, with ready access to equity 


[Page 4]
 
markets and multiples north of 20 times earnings, continue to find debt the more attractive 
funding vehicle. Investors and issuers sit on opposite sides of this relative-value question. The 
issuer view seems worth considering. 
There's an even more important caveat. Valuation is a slow-moving force. 
Since 1998, that gap between the earnings yield and the bond yield explains only about 10% of 
the performance of stocks versus bonds over the next twelve months. Stretch the horizon to 
three years, and it explains about half. 
My colleague Serena Tang and our Cross-Asset Strategy team find something similar looking at 
rates and equity multiples. Short-term changes in yields explain less than one might expect. 
Larger, more persistent moves over six to twelve months have much clearer valuation 
consequences. 
 
Markets, after all, are not equations solved once a quarter. They are arguments about the 
future. And when growth is strong, investors are more willing to give g the benefit of the doubt. 
That helps explain equities' resilience in the face of 5%+Treasury yields. But it also raises the 
bar for tomorrow, especially as we've revised our yield forecasts higher in the face of a more 
hawkish Fed. Higher yields reduce the margin for error and require earnings to keep running 
fast. The penalty for negative earnings revisions is rising, and our global equity preferences 
attempt to align with the best earnings stories. 
The question isn't whether the denominator matters. It's how long g can stay this fast. 


[Page 5]
 
Much more in the full Morgan Stanley "Sunday Start" note and all linked reports, all available to 
pro subs. 
 
 
 
