 
 
 
October 2026 
Declining market breadth 
Market Update          
Equities 
Value 
2026 
 Rates* 
Yield 
2026 
 Currencies** 
Value 
2026 
SPI (Switzerland) 
19’612 
7.6% 
 CHF 
0.58% 
0.26% 
 XAU 
3’475 
1.5% 
EuroSTOXX50 (Europe) 
6’269 
11.0% 
 EUR 
3.59% 
0.73% 
 EUR  
0.9469 
1.7% 
S&P500 (USA) 
7’652 
12.7% 
 USD 
5.28% 
1.12% 
 USD  
0.8358 
5.5% 
SHSZ300 (China) 
4’358 
-4.1% 
 CNY 
1.68% 
-0.18% 
 CNY 
0.1244 
9.7% 
NIKKEI 225 (Japan) 
66’754 
34.5% 
 JPY 
3.07% 
1.00% 
 JPY 
0.5309 
4.9% 
 
Monitored 
Rising interest rates are shaping market conditions 
The U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates by 25 basis points 
in September. The market had already anticipated this move, so 
it did not trigger a significant reaction. The persistently high oil 
price and the Fed’s strong commitment to fighting inflation have 
led investors to expect four more rate hikes by the end of next 
year. This provided a boost to the U.S. dollar. The European 
Central Bank also raised its key interest rates without triggering 
a major market reaction. By contrast, long-term interest rates on 
a global scale led to caution among investors. At 5.25 %, 10-year 
U.S. yields are about 1% higher than at the beginning of the year. 
Despite this rise, major stock market indices remained very resil-
ient. A resolution to the conflict in the Middle East is still a long 
way off. The meeting between President Xi and President Trump 
also yielded no significant news. 
Filtered 
Using further setbacks to increase equity exposure 
The environment for stocks remains fundamentally intact. The 
global economy is robust, corporate earnings are solid, and 
heavy investment in AI is supporting demand. Leading indicators 
are positive across all major regions, and a recession appears 
unlikely in the foreseeable future. The key question is whether 
the Fed will carry out a long cycle of interest rate hikes without 
interruption. Historically, stocks have weathered moderate tight-
ening phases well, while pronounced interest rate hike cycles 
have weighed significantly on returns. After realizing a portion of 
our gains last month and holding a small amount of cash on the 
sidelines, we consider it still too early to reinvest. We continue to 
expect increased volatility in interest rates and oil prices through 
the U.S. midterm elections in early November. As long as there 
are no signs of a prolonged rate-hiking cycle, we view pullbacks 
leading up to the midterm elections as buying opportunities. 
Pitched on 
Weakness beneath the surface 
The U.S. stock market showed little movement at the index level 
last month. Beneath the surface, however, market breadth has 
weakened. The Advance-Decline Index shown here compares 
the number of rising stocks to the number of falling stocks in the 
United States, each company weighted equally regardless of its 
market capitalization. Currently, the three-month moving aver-
age of this indicator is in negative territory, with the consumer 
discretionary and materials sectors coming under pressure. This 
indicates that more stocks have recently been under selling pres-
sure and that the stable index performance has been driven by 
only a small portion of the market. The key factor for the market’s 
future direction will be whether persistent inflationary pressure 
forces the Federal Reserve to implement further significant inter-
est rate hikes. 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg (01/10/2026, 08:00 CET) 
* 10-Year Government Bonds 
** vs. CHF 

 
Legal notice and disclaimer 
This publication is designed for information and marketing purposes only and does not serve to bring about the conclusion of a contract, but rather contains solely market and investment commentary by 
Reichmuth & Co as well as an assessment of selected financial instruments and/or financial services and is therefore deemed to be advertising as defined by Art. 68 FinSA and Art. 95 FinSO.  
As such, this publication does not contain investment advice or an individualised or concrete investment recommendation, nor does it constitute an offer for the purchase or sale of investment instruments.  
The future performance of investments cannot be determined by past share price performances; investment values may increase, but also decrease; and the investor may be obliged to make additional 
payments for specific products. Under certain conditions, the statements presented may be based on reporting periods of less than five years, which can reduce their informative value. Forward-looking 
statements are always non-binding assumptions. Statements in foreign currencies are subject to exchange rate fluctuations, which may affect performance. The information in this publication should in no 
way be interpreted as a guarantee or indication of future performance. Reichmuth & Co does not provide legal or tax consulting. Furthermore, Reichmuth & Co assumes no liability whatsoever for the 
contents of this document and, in particular, shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any kind, including direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage, which may be incurred as a result of information 
contained in this document and/or due to the risks inherent in the financial markets. 
 
 
 
October 2026 
 
 
Stock market performance by geography since 2026 in CHF 
 
 
Portfolio Structure 
A well-diversified portfolio with regionally focused core themes 
Liquidity 
 
0% 
10%  
• 
Increased volatility creates opportunities. Set aside a liquidity buffer for 
further purchases. 
Bonds 
 
20% 
60% 
• 
Due to high government spending, investors are demanding higher 
risk premiums on long-term government bonds. 
• 
Avoid long duration government bonds in EUR and USD. 
Equities 
 
20% 
60% 
• 
We are maintaining an overweight position in equities and focusing on 
the following themes: 
•    High-dividend quality stocks in Switzerland 
•    Industries such as energy and healthcare as diversifiers 
•    Shares from emerging markets in Asia and Latin America 
•    Companies benefiting from the investment boom 
Real Estate 
 
0% 
15% 
• 
Global real estate investments no longer benefit from structural appre-
ciation. Without these appreciation gains, returns on real estate invest-
ments are falling sharply. Switzerland is the exception. 
Alternatives 
 
0% 
25% 
• 
Active managers are a diversifying element for the overall portfolio and 
can use the higher volatility to their advantage. 
• 
We prefer hedge funds and infrastructure over private credit. 
Precious Metals 
 
0% 
10% 
• 
Gold is consolidating at high levels. We expect the bull market to con-
tinue after this phase.  
• 
Metals are benefiting from the enormous demand for electrification, in-
frastructure, and digitalization, and are currently experiencing a supply 
deficit. 
Neutral Positioning House View 
Current Positioning 
Source: Macrobond, Bloomberg (Date: 01/10/2026) 
