 
For sophisticated investors only 
By the Multi-Asset Team  
30 September 2026 
Snapshot 
The MSCI All Country World Index gained 2.6% in August in US dollar (USD) terms. The artificial intelligence (AI) rally got 
back on track amid a strong earnings season. Market breadth widening beyond mega-cap tech helped the rally, while the 
energy sector outperformed on renewed tensions over the Strait of Hormuz. The US Federal Reserve (Fed) left interest 
rates unchanged at its July meeting. However, Chair Kevin Warsh struck a more hawkish-than-expected tone in his Jackson 
Hole speech in August (the Fed subsequently hiked rates in September). European equities also moved higher, supported 
by a robust corporate earnings season and resilient economic growth. UK equities were broadly flat over the month; a 
strong UK inflation print for July and rising gilt yields weighed on equities, though resilient purchasing managers’ index data 
helped cushion sentiment towards the month-end. Asia was led by tech-heavy South Korea and Taiwan, which benefitted 
from the rebound in global AI trade.  
Within fixed income, US Treasury (UST) yields traded in a narrow range through August. The month began with a weaker-
than-expected US employment report, while job growth in the previous two months was revised lower. US inflation data for 
July was broadly benign, with retail sales coming in weaker than expected. Yields remained largely range-bound, although 
there was some movement following the US Treasury Department’s announcement of increased purchases of longer-dated 
bonds. Attention then shifted to Jackson Hole and Fed Chair Warsh’s remarks. This, together with a series of stronger-
than-expected economic data, prompted front-end yields to rise as markets priced in earlier rate hikes. Meanwhile, 
continued tensions in the Middle East provided a persistent source of uncertainty. By the end of August, the benchmark 2-
year and 10-year UST yields settled at 4.34% and 4.75%, respectively, 5 basis points (bps) and 1.5 bps higher than at end-
July.  
Within alternatives (outside of equity and fixed income), gold prices jumped 9.7%. The US Treasury Department ramped 
up buybacks of longer-dated government debt, which revived concerns about rising borrowing costs and exerted downward 
pressure on the dollar. This helped drive demand for gold. Institutional interest and sustained central bank buying also 
supported bullion prices. However, Warsh’s pledge to fight inflation at Jackson Hole boosted rate-hike bets and took some 
steam out of the precious metal rally late in the month. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil prices rose a modest 1.3% 
in August, underpinned by ongoing supply risks stemming from the US–Iran conflict and the Strait of Hormuz shipping 
disruptions. However, weak crude demand in China, the world's biggest oil importer, capped gains. Real estate, as 
measured by the FTSE NAREIT Global Real Estate Index, declined 3.0% in August. 
 
 
 
 
 
Balancing Act 
Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset 
(September 2026) 
Hormuz uncertainty persists, but earnings too strong to ignore 

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
2 
Cross-asset1 
We maintained marginal overweight positions in both growth and defensives this month. While we are positive on risk 
assets, we are also cautious of the continuing volatility in the equity market driven by the ongoing US-Iran conflict and 
inflationary pressures arising from better-than-expected economic data. However, strong earnings growth, especially in the 
US, could continue to support growth assets. On the defensive side, we maintained marginal overweight to reflect our 
positive view on gold and emerging market local currency (EMLC) sovereigns as an asset class juxtaposed against our 
cautious view on credit and high yield (HY) to reflect the effects of rising inflation due to the prolonged war, the likelihood 
of multiple central banks hiking rates and currently tight credit spreads. An end to the conflict may have helped cool inflation. 
However, with no resolution in sight, inflationary pressures are likely to continue keeping commodity prices higher for longer. 
For growth assets, we maintained our overweight position in developed market (DM) equities and our marginal overweight 
position in EM equities. We also kept our neutral position in commodities, as the Middle East conflict remains highly 
uncertain and difficult to assess. We maintained our underweight positions in REITs and Infrastructure as we see better 
risk-reward in other asset classes.  
Within DM equities, we retained an overweight position in the US, given attractive valuations amidst strong technology 
earnings growth driven by AI-related capital expenditure (capex). Likewise, our overweight position in Canada reflects our 
view that the country should benefit from a global upcycle given its exposure to more cyclical sectors such as Financials 
and Resources, providing good diversification from technology-heavy US equities. In the UK, we maintained our overweight 
position given its value tilt and favourable dividend yields. Conversely, we maintained underweight positions in Europe and 
Australia, where valuations appear elevated and hawkish central banks may pose headwinds to risk assets. We also 
maintained our underweight in Singapore amidst rich valuations and kept our neutral position in Japan, balancing better-
than-expected earnings growth against a hawkish Bank of Japan (BOJ). 
For defensives, we maintained our overweight stance, primarily reflecting our positive view on gold following its correction 
to levels where we are comfortable adding capital. Likewise, yields have risen, creating a level where we are more 
comfortable to maintain an overweight stance on Sovereigns.  
We kept our underweight score in HY unchanged and slightly reduced our underweight score in IG credit. We maintained 
underweight scores in both HY and IG due to expensive valuations where spreads remain near historical lows and provide 
limited compensation for credit risk relative to their long-term history. While we kept HY and IG credit underweight, we would 
look to add on any widening of spreads.  We reduced our score in DM sovereigns to neutral and have started to close the 
underweight in the US as rates sell off. We kept our overweight in emerging market local currency (EMLC) sovereigns as 
they continue to trade at reasonable yields; they should continue to perform well, supported by the strong growth backdrop 
and high real yields.  
We maintained our overweight position in gold, balancing our view that gold remains an effective geopolitical risk hedge 
against higher inflation, which may present headwinds to the asset class. 
Within HY, we reduced the overweight in US high yield and reallocated to EU high yield as US spreads outperformed EU 
spreads in August. For IG, we reduced but maintained our marginal overweight for Europe, given the more attractive hedged 
yields despite tight credit spreads. We kept Australia overweight, as credit spreads now trade at the widest level compared 
to DM peers.  
Within Sovereigns, we maintained Japan at a marginal overweight given the steepness of the curve, which should buffer 
the impact of any hikes from the BOJ. We maintained the underweight position in USTs as US rates sell off and continue 
to hold Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS) on the back of rising inflation expectations. We maintained our 
overweight on France, as hedged yields remain attractive amidst a steep curve. 
1 The Multi Asset team’s cross-asset views are expressed at three different levels: (1) growth versus defensive, (2) cross asset within growth and defensive 
assets, and (3) relative asset views within each asset class. These levels describe our research and intuition that asset classes behave similarly or 
disparately in predictable ways, such that cross-asset scoring makes sense and ultimately leads to more deliberate and robust portfolio construction. 

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
3 
Asset Class Hierarchy (Team View)2 
 
 
2The asset classes or sectors mentioned herein are a reflection of the portfolio manager’s current view of the investment strategies taken on behalf of the 
portfolio managed. The research framework is divided into 3 levels of analysis. The scores presented reflect the team’s view of each asset relative to 
others in its asset class as at 31 August 2026. Scores within each asset class will average to neutral, with the exception of Commodity. These comments 
should not be constituted as an investment research or recommendation advice. Any prediction, projection or forecast on sectors, the economy and/or 
the market trends is not necessarily indicative of their future state or likely performances.  
Behind the trends: research in action 
Growth assets 
Growth assets remain appealing as global economic growth remains expansionary despite the ongoing conflict in the Middle 
East. The outcome of the conflict remains uncertain, and we are seeing inflationary pressures arising globally in the near 
term, which could present headwinds to the asset class. In the near term, however, corporate earnings growth remains 
strong on the back of AI capex and the ongoing global economic upcycle, which makes us positive on growth assets. The 
AI capex spending by the mega-tech firms is driving strong demand across various supply chains globally and boosting 
revenue and corporate profits. Corporate profit margins continue to expand, which is positive for growth assets. Meanwhile, 
economic data in the US remains resilient with strong retail sales and the labour market holding up. This has allayed earlier 
fears of stagflation.  
We continue to monitor developments in the Middle East, as they are crucial to our outlook. Despite the recent sporadic 
clashes, we have not seen a return to the peak escalation earlier, which is positive. However, we believe that more 
permanent signs of a resolution to the conflict are crucial to sustain the positive momentum in global markets. A risk is the 
conflict remaining protracted, with the resulting high commodity prices causing economic growth to halt as interest rates 
are raised globally. For now, corporate earnings growth remains strong, and this keeps us still positive on risk assets. 
Conviction views on growth assets 
— Overweight position on US: We maintain our positive view on the US where corporate earnings and outlook continue 
to be resilient amidst the capex renaissance. Valuations do not look extended given the strong earnings growth, and 
we continue to like the US for its secular long-term growth trend driven by technology and healthcare innovation. We 
also expect the US to benefit from increasing energy demand from data centres with the significant AI capex outlay 
over the next few years. 
— Overweight on UK: We maintain an overweight position due to the UK’s defensive attributes, which offer high dividend 
yields and inherently lower beta. The UK offers diversification in sectors such as Financials, Staples, Healthcare, 
Industrials and Energy—away from the technology bias in the US. 
 
 
 
 
 

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
4 
— Overweight position on EM equities: We maintain an overweight position given the attractive valuations of EM 
equities, which are beneficiaries of the ongoing capex spend in the US. While the region could face headwinds against 
a stronger dollar, selective regions should benefit from the secular growth themes of AI capex spending and 
demographics dividends. We like Taiwan for its exposure to the technology sector, as it is a key supplier of 
semiconductors for the secular growth trend of the AI capex rollout.  
— Neutral on commodity-linked equities: We maintain our neutral view on commodities given that the outcome of the 
Middle East conflict remains uncertain, even though peak escalation appears to have passed. The current global 
economic upcycle should bode well for the asset class as global demand remains strong, especially for AI capex-related 
spending. The asset class should continue to provide good diversification against inflation in the longer term while the 
fundamentals of the sector remain compelling due to both cyclical and secular factors. 
Q3 earnings growth estimates look low  
Earnings growth expectations for the last two quarters have surprised meaningfully to the upside, reaching levels more 
typically associated with the early stages of a post-recession recovery rather than a mid-cycle economic expansion. While 
much of the strong sales and earnings growth are largely due to the rollout of AI capex, commodity sectors such as energy 
and materials have also contributed strongly to earnings growth. The ongoing conflict in the Middle East and strong demand 
for metals due to the construction of data centres has led to higher commodities prices which boosted earnings. 
Notwithstanding substantial upward revisions to MSCI US’s Q1 and Q2 forecasts following earnings releases, analysts 
have been comparatively slow to revise expectations for Q3 and Q4. Consequently, Q2 earnings are now trending above 
Q3 and Q4 estimates, which now look like a low bar to beat in the upcoming reporting season (see Chart 1). 
Chart 1: MSCI US Q3 and Q4 2026 earnings growth estimates are only marginally higher  
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova Asset Management, September 2026 
60
65
70
75
80
85
90
95
100
Sep-2023
Oct-2023
Nov-2023
Dec-2023
Jan-2024
Feb-2024
Mar-2024
Apr-2024
May-2024
Jun-2024
Jul-2024
Aug-2024
Sep-2024
Oct-2024
Nov-2024
Dec-2024
Jan-2025
Feb-2025
Mar-2025
Apr-2025
May-2025
Jun-2025
Jul-2025
Aug-2025
Sep-2025
Oct-2025
Nov-2025
Dec-2025
Jan-2026
Feb-2026
Mar-2026
Apr-2026
May-2026
Jun-2026
Jul-2026
Aug-2026
EPS (USD)
2026Q2
2026Q3 E
2026Q4 E
2026Q1

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
5 
We look at how expectations for the various MSCI US sectors in the coming Q3 reporting season have changed since the 
end of December 2025 until now (see Chart 2). Not surprisingly, technology led the rally in the higher revisions for earnings 
followed by Financials, due to the strong AI capex and resilient economy. The higher estimates for Industrials also showed 
how the sector benefitted as the “picks and shovels” of AI capex. The biggest change in earnings growth, however, came 
from energy due to the breakout of the conflict in the Middle East, which drove energy prices higher and boosted earnings. 
Likewise, materials also benefited from higher commodity prices. Elsewhere, the lowered earnings growth estimates could 
present opportunities in the coming reporting season as subdued forecasts may prove easier to surpass against a still-
resilient economic backdrop. 
Chart 2: MSCI US sectors’ Q3 2026 earnings growth estimates revised higher year to date 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova AM, September 2026 
Given that earnings growth has reached levels rarely seen during a mid-cycle economic expansion, it is reasonable to 
expect momentum to moderate at some stage. When that occurs, we may adopt a more cautious stance, particularly if 
market expectations begin to outpace the underlying fundamentals. One of the indicators we track is US corporate operating 
margins (see Chart 3). As long as sales growth remains strong and is able to offset rising costs, these should present 
healthy earnings growth which could prove too strong to ignore. 
Chart 3: MSCI US’s operating margin bears watching
 
Source: Bloomberg, September 2026 
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
120%
2026Q3 EPS growth estimates (YoY, %)
2026 Q3 EPS estimates (December 2025)
2026 Q3 EPS estimates (latest)
10%
12%
14%
16%
18%
20%
22%
24%
Jan-2021
Jan-2022
Jan-2023
Jan-2024
Jan-2025
Jan-2026

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
6 
Defensive assets 
For defensives, we continue to see inflation remaining above central bank targets and expect multiple central banks to hike 
rates. A ceasefire between the US and Iran remains elusive, with oil prices at or near USD 100 per barrel, reflecting the 
high levels of uncertainty surrounding the situation. The Bloomberg Commodity Index (BCOM) continues to trade above its 
long-term average, which points to higher inflation historically. However, as sovereign bond yields rise into our forecast 
range, we are beginning to extend portfolio duration. 
Conviction views on defensive assets 
— Underweight exposure to IG and HY credit spreads: Credit spreads continue to sit at their historical lows despite 
the volatility caused by the Middle East conflict. Although US growth remains robust, spreads have historically been a 
mean-reverting series. Hence, we expect them to widen should any negative news eventuate. The tight spreads also 
offer little buffer from any rates sell-off; hence we continue to keep the exposure short and continue to underweight the 
asset class. 
Marginally overweight Japanese government bonds (JGBs): JGBs continued weakening in August as the BOJ 
became more hawkish. However, with the 10-year JGB yield now reaching our forecasted range of 3%–3.5%, we are 
poised to start favouring JGBs once the 10-year yield moves firmly beyond 3.25%. 
Overweight linkers: Oil prices remain volatile after the US-Iran ceasefire did not hold. Commodity prices remain 
elevated since late 2025, with robust US economic growth being maintained. With these strong tailwinds, we expect 
inflationary pressures to remain. The all-in yields for UST inflation-protected securities (TIPs) also offer an attractive 
yield pickup relative to IG credit, as they offer protection against higher inflation.  
— Long US dollar moderated: Although persistent inflation and a hawkish Fed are likely to keep US interest rates high 
and support the dollar, long-term risks are rising. Widening fiscal deficits and shrinking interest rate differentials have 
prompted us to moderate our bullish stance on the currency. 
 
US inflation and the Fed’s reaction 
In 2022, while the Fed’s rate-hiking cycle was ultimately effective in bringing down inflation through a series of tightening, 
we believe that the subsequent easing cycle may have been too early. In particular, the Fed's aggressive rate cut in July 
2025, driven by concerns over what appeared to be a rapidly weakening labour market, was consistent with its dual 
mandate. However, those concerns later proved overstated as labour market data were subsequently revised higher. At 
the same time, US inflation began to reaccelerate, with the six-month average of month-on-month (MoM) CPI readings 
trending upward (Chart 4). This raises the question of whether policy easing was too aggressive before inflation had been 
fully contained. We explore the inflation outlook and consider how the Fed may respond as US inflation remains above 
target for 65 months and counting. 
Chart 4: Fed policy moves vs US CPI  
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova AM, September 2026 
0.0%
0.1%
0.2%
0.3%
0.4%
0.5%
0.6%
0.7%
0.8%
0.9%
1.0%
Rate cuts
Rate hikes
Core CPI (6-month average, MoM)
CPI (6-month average, MoM)

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
7 
We continue to use commodity prices as a key leading indicator of inflation. The strong correlation between commodity 
prices and inflation has remained intact, and this relationship continues to influence one-year forward policy rate 
expectations. With the backdrop of a strong global economy driving commodity prices higher, coupled with the oil supply 
shock in the Middle East, commodity prices have continued to rise. Markets have also continued to remain sensitive to oil 
prices, with one-year forward policy rate expectations rising alongside higher oil prices (Chart 5). 
Chart 5: Oil prices vs. policy rate expectations  
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova AM, September 2026 
Another leading, albeit slower, indicator for inflation we use is global M2, which compares the money supply growth against 
realised inflation with a lag of a few months. Prior to the COVID pandemic, US inflation would trend together with global M2 
growth with a six-month lag. However, the relationship has changed to a longer transmission lag of 12 months after the 
pandemic (see Chart 6). You can observe that the average inflation rate over the post-COVID period is still higher than the 
average inflation rate prior to the pandemic. While global M2 growth has moderated in 2026, it remains above its long-term 
average, suggesting that inflationary pressures are likely to persist in the near term.  
Chart 6: Global M2 vs US CPI 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova AM, September 2026 
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
 2.00
 2.50
 3.00
 3.50
 4.00
 4.50
 5.00
 5.50
(USD per barrel)
(%)
 1-year forward US rates (LHS)
CPI, YoY (LHS)
Brent crude oil prices (RHS)
-6%
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
-1
0
1
2
3
4
5
(%)
 US CPI, 12-month lag, YoY (LHS)
 US CPI, 6-month lag ,YoY (LHS)
Global M2, YoY  (RHS)

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
8 
Against this inflationary backdrop, our modified Taylor Rule implies a policy rate of approximately 5.5% at current CPI levels 
(see Chart 7). This implies that more hikes may be required to bring inflation down to the Fed’s target rate. That said, the 
model had also overshot the actual policy rate during the pandemic, when the Fed looked through the inflationary pressures 
generated by supply-side disruptions and determined that they were transitory in nature. The situation is similar now given 
that current elevated energy prices are predominantly driven by the conflict in the Middle East and may prove transitory, 
particularly given the US President’s seeming willingness to end the war as soon as possible with the mid-term elections in 
November. Moreover, with the Fed Chair likely to face political pressure from the President to keep rates low, we expect 
policymakers to resume a tightening cycle, although to a slightly lesser degree than what the rule suggests.  
Chart 7: US policy rate vs. modified Taylor Rule 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova AM, September 2026 
Process 
In-house research to understand the key drivers of return: 
Valuation 
Momentum 
Macro 
Quant models 
to assess 
relative value 
 
Quant models to 
measure asset 
momentum over 
the medium term 
Analyse macro 
cycles with tested 
correlation to 
asset 
Example for 
equity use 5Y 
CAPE, P/B & 
ROE 
Used to inform 
valuation model 
Monetary policy, 
fiscal policy, 
consumer, 
earnings & 
liquidity cycles 
Example 
 
 
+ 
N 
N 
 
Final Score + 
 
 
 
-10
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
4
6
8
10
(%)
US policy rate
Modified Taylor Rule

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
9 
Important information:  This document is prepared by Amova Asset Management Co., Ltd. and/or its affiliates （hereinafter referred to as” the 
Group"） and is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable laws. This document does not constitute 
personal investment advice or a personal recommendation and it does not consider in any way the objectives, financial situation or needs of any 
recipients. All recipients are recommended to consult with their independent tax, financial and legal advisers prior to any investment.  
 
This document is for information purposes only and is not intended to be an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investments or 
participate in any trading strategy. Moreover, the information in this document will not affect the Group’s investment strategy in any way. The 
information and opinions in this document have been derived from or reached from sources believed in good faith to be reliable but have not 
been independently verified. The Group makes no guarantee, representation or warranty, express or implied, and accepts no responsibility or 
liability for the accuracy or completeness of this document. No reliance should be placed on any assumptions, forecasts, projections, estimates 
or prospects contained within this document. This document should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for the exercise of their own 
judgment. Opinions stated in this document may change without notice.  
 
In any investment, past performance is neither an indication nor guarantee of future performance and a loss of capital may occur. Estimates of 
future performance are based on assumptions that may not be realised. Investors should be able to withstand the loss of any principal investment. 
The mention of individual securities, sectors, regions or countries within this document does not imply a recommendation to buy or sell.  
 
The Group accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind arising out of the use of all or any part of this document, provided 
that nothing herein excludes or restricts any liability of the Group under applicable regulatory rules or requirements.  
 
All information contained in this document is solely for the attention and use of the intended recipients. Any use beyond that intended by the 
Group is strictly prohibited.  
 
Japan: The information contained in this document pertaining specifically to the investment products is not directed at persons in Japan nor is it 
intended for distribution to persons in Japan. Registration Number: Director of the Kanto Regional Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments firms) 
No. 368 Member Associations: Investment Management Association of Japan, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
 
United Kingdom:  This document is communicated by Amova Asset Management UK Limited, which is authorised and regulated in the United 
Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) (FRN 122084). This document constitutes a financial promotion for the purposes of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and the rules of the FCA in the United Kingdom, and is directed at professional 
clients as defined in the FCA Handbook of Rules and Guidance. 
 
Ireland: This document is communicated by Amova Asset Management Ireland Limited, which is authorised under the European Union (Markets 
in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. 375 of 2017) (as amended) and regulated in Ireland by the Central Bank of Ireland (C565118) 
and includes branches in Germany and the Netherlands. This document is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer, 
invitation, or solicitation to invest in any fund or investment product, or recommendation to sell any financial instrument, nor does it constitute 
investment advice. This document is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution would be 
contrary to local law or regulation and is directed at professional investors only. 
 
United States: This document may not be duplicated, quoted, discussed or otherwise shared without prior consent. An offering of any 
investments, securities or investment advisory services with respect to securities may only be made by receipt of relevant and complete offering 
documentation and agreements, as applicable. Any offering or distribution of a Fund in the United States may only be conducted via a licensed 
and registered broker-dealer or a duly qualified entity. Amova Asset Management Americas, Inc. is a United States Registered Investment 
Adviser. 
 
Singapore:  This document is for information to institutional investors, accredited investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001, 
and intermediaries only. Amova Asset Management Asia Limited (Co. Reg. No. 198202562H) is regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. 
 
Hong Kong:  This document is for information to professional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance, and intermediaries 
only. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission or any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.  
Amova Asset Management Hong Kong Limited is a licensed corporation in Hong Kong. 
 
New Zealand:  This document is issued in New Zealand by Amova Asset Management New Zealand Limited (Company No. 606057, FSP22562). 
It is for the use of wholesale clients, researchers, licensed financial advisers and their authorised representatives only. 
 
Malaysia: This document is issued by AHAM Asset Management Berhad (Registration No. 199701014290 (429786-T)), a company licensed by 
the Securities Commission Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 to carry on fund management in relation to portfolio 
management, dealing in securities restricted to unit trusts, and dealing in private retirement schemes. This document has not been reviewed by 
the Securities Commission Malaysia. 
 
 
List of Additional Disclaimers for use in the following countries 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain: The document has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No 
offer to the public to purchase the Strategy will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this document is intended to be read by the addressee 
only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally.  
 
Kuwait: This document is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Strategy has not been licensed for offering in Kuwait by the 
Kuwaiti Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. The offering of the Strategy in Kuwait on the basis a private 
placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted in accordance with Decree Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the Strategy is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Strategy will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Strategy in Kuwait.  
 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: This document is communicated by Amova Asset Management UK Limited, which is authorised and regulated by 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) in the United 

 Monthly Insights: Global Multi-Asset (September 2026) 
10 
Kingdom (the FCA Rules). This document should not be reproduced, redistributed, or sent directly or indirectly to any other party or published in 
full or in part for any purpose whatsoever without a prior written permission from Amova Asset Management UK Limited. 
 
This document does not constitute investment advice or a personal recommendation and does not consider in any way the suitability or 
appropriateness of the subject matter for the individual circumstances of any recipient. In providing a person with this document, Amova Asset 
Management UK Limited is not treating that person as a client for the purposes of the FCA Rules other than those relating to financial promotion 
and that person will not therefore benefit from any protections that would be available to such clients.  
 
Amova Asset Management UK Limited and its associates and/or its or their officers, directors or employees may have or have had positions or 
material interests, may at any time make purchases and/or sales as principal or agent, may provide or have provided corporate finance services 
to issuers or may provide or have provided significant advice or investment services in any investments referred to in this document or in related 
investments. Relevant confidential information, if any, known within any company in the group or Sumitomo Mitsui Trust group and not available 
to Amova Asset Management UK Limited because of regulations or internal procedure is not reflected in this document. The investments 
mentioned in this document may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries, and they may not be suitable for all types of investors.  
 
Oman: The information contained in this document nether constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by 
the Commercial companies law of Oman (Royal decree 4/74) or the Capital Markets Law of Oman (Royal Decree80/98, nor does it constitute an 
offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive 
Regulations to the Capital Market law (issued by Decision No. 1/2009). This document is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract 
of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman.  
 
Qatar (excluding QFC): The Strategies are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent 
investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such Strategies. The document does not constitute an offer to the public and should not be 
reproduced, redistributed, or sent directly or indirectly to any other party or published in full or in part for any purpose whatsoever without a prior 
written permission from Amova Asset Management UK Limited. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding 
the Strategies should be made to Amova Asset Management UK Limited.  
 
United Arab Emirates (excluding DIFC):  This document and the information contained herein, do not constitute, and is not intended to 
constitute, a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The Strategy is only being 
offered to a limited number of investors in the UAE who are (a) willing and able to conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in 
an investment in such Strategy, and (b) upon their specific request.  
 
The Strategy has not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any 
other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This document is for the use of the named addressee only and should 
not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof).  
 
No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any inquiries regarding the Strategy should be made to Amova Asset Management UK Limited. 
 
Republic of Korea: This document is being provided for general information purposes only, and shall not, and under no circumstances is, to be 
construed as, an offering of financial investment products or services.  The Company is not making any representation with respect to the eligibility 
of any person to acquire any financial investment product or service.  The offering and sale of any financial investment product is subject to the 
applicable regulations of the Republic of Korea. Any interests in a fund or collective investment scheme shall be sold after such fund is registered 
under the private placement registration regime in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Republic of Korea, and the offering of such 
registered fund shall be conducted only through a locally licensed distributor. 
 
Canada: The information provided herein does not constitute any form of financial opinion or investment advice on the part of the Company and 
it should not be relied on as such. It does not constitute a prospectus, offering memorandum or private placement memorandum in Canada, and 
may not be used in making any investment decision. It should not be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security in Canada. This 
information is provided for informational and educational use only. 
 
 
