Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 1 of 12
Market Barometer
Equity Market
Previous Close
1-Day (%) 
1-Day (Chg) 
WTD 
MTD 
QTD 
YTD 
12-Month
US
7651.54
-0.25 
-19.30 
-1.19 
0.00 
0.00 
11.77 
580.00
Dow Jones
50906.05
-0.86 
-443.87 
-1.78 
0.00 
0.00 
5.91 
9.61
Nasdaq
26861.06
0.24 
63.52 
-0.77 
0.00 
0.00 
15.57 
18.04
Mexico
64214.36
-1.38 
-896.21 
-1.20 
0.00 
0.00 
-0.15 
3.69
Brazil
186340.50
1.37 
2512.86 
1.56 
0.00 
0.00 
15.65 
28.05
Europe
6269.02
-0.81 
-51.24 
-0.54 
-2.35 
-0.93 
8.25 
13.36
UK
10606.00
-0.29 
-30.71 
-0.83 
0.00 
0.00 
6.79 
12.28
France
7964.51
-0.89 
-71.36 
-1.40 
-4.44 
-5.23 
-2.27 
0.87
Germany
25199.19
-0.79 
-200.02 
-0.82 
0.00 
0.00 
2.89 
4.50
Spain
19426.20
-0.47 
-91.30 
-1.39 
-2.74 
-0.23 
12.24 
25.53
Switzerland
13830.34
-0.59 
-81.85 
-0.83 
0.00 
0.00 
4.24 
11.89
Japan
66753.72
1.94 
1272.45 
1.92 
1.33 
1.33 
34.37 
51.83
Hong Kong
24523.57
0.37 
89.70 
0.42 
-3.73 
7.57 
-3.97 
-8.35
China
3830.45
0.31 
11.74 
-1.19 
-3.61 
-6.16 
-3.19 
-1.05
India
22716.20
-0.42 
-95.75 
-2.25 
0.00 
0.00 
-13.43 
-8.92
Commodities
Last
1-Day (%) 
1-Day (Chg) 
WTD 
MTD 
QTD 
YTD 
12-Month
Volatility
16.34
1.87
0.30 
9.89 
0.00 
0.00 
9.30 
0.31
Gold
4157.41
-0.60 
-24.90 
-2.93 
0.05 
0.05 
-3.70 
7.60
Oil
90.42
1.16
1.04 
-2.52 
7.16 
-0.38 
58.26 
48.43
Thomson Reuters/Core Commodity
409.45
0.20
0.80 
-1.98 
0.00 
0.00 
37.31 
36.52
Bloomberg Commodity Index
141.78
0.40
0.57 
-1.76 
0.00 
0.00 
29.26 
34.59
USD/JPY
157.4100
0.08
0.12 
0.39 
0.30 
0.30 
0.75 
7.36
EUR/USD
1.1330
-0.11 
-0.0012 
-0.49 
0.04 
0.04 
-3.50 
-3.38
GBP/USD
1.3265
0.25 
0.0033 
0.18 
0.05 
0.05 
-1.51 
-1.54
EUR/CHF
0.9469
0.11 
0.0010 
0.29 
-0.05 
-0.05 
1.68 
1.21
Fixed Income
Core Indicators
2y
5y
10y
2s10s
(bps)
10y Swap
Spread
US
4.89
5.08
5.29 
40 
-0.3901
Germany
3.21
3.36
3.59 
38 
0.0999
UK
4.89
4.98
5.42 
54 
-0.4270
Japan
1.94
2.38
3.09 
115 
-
Source: Bloomberg
U.S. Markets Recap
US -0.25% | Nasdaq +0.24% | Dow -0.86%
Synopsis

US equities ended mostly lower in Wednesday trading, near worst levels. Breadth was negative, as the equal-weight S&P lagged the cap-
weighted index, on track for a seventh straight weekly decline. The AI trade was mixed, with memory weaker and semis little changed;
software fared well to wrap up a strong quarter. Big tech was mostly higher, with AAPL-US and AMZN-US the Mag 7 standouts. Other
outperformers included energy (crude), tech hardware, steel, biotech, China tech, media and space. Laggards included airlines, MedTech,
moneycenter banks, insurers, IBs, payments, autos, homebuilders, casual diners, staples retailers, HPCs and food. Treasuries were
mostly weaker with the curve steepening, and 10Y and 30Y yields reached their highest levels since 2002. The dollar index was up 0.1%,
gold was up 0.2%, silver ended down 1%, bitcoin futures were up 0.5% and WTI crude settled up 1.2%. Stocks faded into the close and
finished near session lows despite Mag 7 outperformance, with breadth negative again amid continued debate about how the divergence
between weak breadth and index-level resilience gets resolved. Treasuries failed to sustain earlier gains following a cooler core PCE print
(and another move lower in October Fed tightening odds), with long-end yields seeing further upward pressure. Rates seemingly went

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 2 of 12
back to trading with oil, where dampened diplomatic traction appeared to overshadow better flow dynamics. The session was pretty quiet
overall heading into month- and quarter-end and ahead of MU-US earnings after the close, ISM manufacturing on Thursday and NFP on
Friday. On the data front, September ADP private payrolls of 90K were above the 70K consensus, with overall pay growth unchanged at
3.2%; August core PCE was cooler than expected on both m/m and y/y basis, though the report included downward methodological
changes; August personal spending was hotter than expected while personal income was weaker; the August trade deficit was the widest
since early 2025; final Q2 GDP was marked up to an annualized 2.2% pace from 1.5%; and Chicago PMI beat. Treasury announced another
$6B buyback operation for 1-Oct. In Fedspeak, Cook reiterated inflation has been too high for too long, and Goolsbee and Kashkari speak
after the close. In company news, AAPL-US is reportedly set to unveil smart home products on 13-Oct, TSLA-US said it has lined up $30B
of new loans and credit facilities, BA-US won the $20B Navy F/A-XX contract, beating out NOC-US, and HOOD-US unveiled AI agents for
automated trading. HPE-US raised FY27 Networking revenue guidance and announced new contracts. WDAY-US announced a reorgani-
zation plan with a ~2.5% workforce reduction (its second RIF of the year) and largely reiterated Q3 and FY guidance, though operating
margin guidance came down. MDB-US boosted its buyback program by $1B. CAG-US margins were better and the organic growth decline
a bit narrower than feared. CBRS-US was lower after a report that OpenAI's GPT-6.1 Sol Ultrafast is running on NVDA-US GPUs, not Cere-
bras. HIG-US announced a CEO transition. JBL-US beat and guided ahead, but the bar was high. GME-US was higher after CEO Ryan Cohen
bought more shares. MAT-US CEO Kreiz is to step down. CALM-US results were weaker on an industry supply imbalance.
Macro

Core PCE and the Fed path: August core PCE increased 0.2% m/m versus consensus for a 0.3% rise and July's revised 0.1% increase (was
+0.2%). Headline PCE rose 0.3% m/m versus consensus for a 0.3% rise and July's revised 0.1% increase (was +0.2%). Annualized core
PCE came in at 3.0% versus consensus 3.3% and July's revised 3.0% (was 3.3%). Analyst previews had flagged a potentially cooler print
due to updated BLS methodology, which is expected to create a one-time downward shift in measured inflation without materially altering
the underlying trend. August personal spending, the highest since March, increased 0.9% m/m versus consensus for a 0.9% rise and
July's revised 0.1% increase (was +0.2%), while personal income rose 0.2% m/m versus consensus for a 0.4% increase and July's 0.3%
rise (was +0.4%). New York Fed's Williams said that following the September hike there is no need for urgency and the Fed has time to
gather more information, though one further hike late this year may be appropriate if the economy evolves as forecast. His comments
contrast with the more hawkish Governor Barr, who signaled further hikes are likely needed as inflation remains above target, citing high
energy prices and AI-related capex as the primary drivers of persistent price pressures. Chicago's Goolsbee (non-voter) reiterated the Fed
may have to respond to persistent supply shocks, noting large fiscal deficits represent a form of stimulus potentially contributing to
overheating, while St. Louis' Musalem (non-voter) said a lack of Fed transparency is adding to uncertainty, higher rates and rate volatility.
Following Williams, odds of an October hike fell to ~50%, down from over 70% Monday.

US-Iran talks and oil flows: Axios reported this week's talks with Qatari mediators have yielded little progress, and the stalemate has
bolstered a belief on both sides that renewed military conflict is becoming more likely. Regional mediators including Pakistan and Egypt
have urged Iran to make nuclear concessions, but Tehran has said it will only consider doing so after the US agrees to return to the June
MoU. The FT reported negotiators centered on an amended draft of Iran's proposal to reopen the Strait of Hormuz in seven days, though
sequencing remains the key sticking point, while the Trump administration continues to insist it won't return to the June MoU and is
pushing for more substantive nuclear commitments. Crude was higher on the day but still on track for a third consecutive weekly drop.
While oil has been responsive to recent diplomatic headlines, the bigger structural factor has been the steady improvement of Mideast
flows: Goldman Sachs estimates Gulf exports at 23.3M bpd over the past week, doubling this month and back to 2025 levels, and JPMor-
gan estimates crude flows at 98% of pre-war levels, though product exports are still only at 58% (Bloomberg). Saudi Arabia resumed tanker
loadings on the Red Sea after the East-West pipeline restart and the UAE is pushing ahead on export facilities on the Gulf of Oman, but
these dynamics also raise concerns that Iran could escalate the conflict with strikes on regional energy infrastructure as it feels its lever-
age slipping.

Bond yield backup: The September bond yield backup, triggered by hotter growth, stickier inflation, hawkish central bank reaction func-
tions, hyperscaler buyers, fiscal concerns and a more price-sensitive marginal buyer, continues to get outsized attention in the financial
press. The yield on the 2-year note is up ~60 bp in September, the biggest jump since early 2023. The 10-year yield, which pushed above
5% for the first time since 2007 earlier this month, is up ~50 bp and on track for its biggest monthly increase since 2022. The MOVE Index
is up nearly 30% in September, the most since March, and the ramp in bond volatility is another area of scrutiny given the negative
correlation between MOVE and SPX. The October calendar (US NFP/CPI, heavy Treasury issuance, French budget talks, UK budget) was
mentioned as another potential headwind.

S&P 500 near record highs masks a historic breadth breakdown: Another session of poor breadth metrics capped a historically bad month
for breadth, even as the S&P 500 sits just 1.3% off its record high. The cap-weighted S&P outperformed equal-weight (RSP) on 15 days
this month, or 71% of sessions, the most since June-25 (75% of trading days), and cap-weighted outperformance of nearly 5% is the
widest since Mar-20 (6.29%). September saw just two sessions where new 52-week highs exceeded lows (2-Sep, 3-Sep). The cumulative
advance/decline (on a 63d basis) sits at -1,364, the lowest since Nov-23, and just 22% of S&P 500 components are above their 50-day
moving average (lowest since March) and 39.8% above their 200-day moving average (lowest since May-25). Bespoke also noted the S&P
500 is up 0.4% this month, though more than 100 stocks in the index are down at least 10%.

ADP payrolls and the September NFP preview: September ADP private payrolls rose 90K m/m versus +70K consensus and August's +36K
(revised from +38K), snapping three straight months of slowing payroll growth. Median y/y pay growth was unchanged m/m at 3.2% for
all workers. Education/health services (+55K) and leisure/hospitality (+22K) again led job gains, with manufacturing (+17K) and con-
struction (+15K) also adding solidly, while the largest declines were in financial activities (-16K) and professional/business services (-
11K). Ahead of Friday's report (2-Oct, 8:30 ET), headline NFP consensus is +94K, a deceleration from August's +162K print, with wide

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 3 of 12
dispersion of forecasts including Jefferies +175K and Deutsche Bank +45K. Private payrolls consensus is +89.5K versus +127K in Au-
gust, average hourly earnings are expected unchanged at +0.3% m/m with the annual rate ticking up 0.1 pp to 3.2%, and the unemploy-
ment rate is expected to hold at 4.1%. Several previews suggest headline growth will decelerate sharply due to seasonal payback, though
underlying hiring remains resilient.
Notable Movers

+9.6% FORM-US (FormFactor): Initiated buy at Deutsche Bank; sees major AI-driven growth from its new role as a second-source Nvidia
GPU probe-card supplier at TSMC.

+4.8% SNPS-US (Synopsys): Announced it has signed a multiyear agreement with OpenAI to jointly develop GPT-Synopsis, a specialized
model to use Synopsys EDA tools to perform semiconductor design workflows.

+3.9% HPE-US (Hewlett Packard Enterprise): Ahead of today's Investor Day, raised FY27 Networking revenue guide growth outlook as well
as for growth projections through FY29; boosted Juniper cost-synergies target; highlighted $1.2B order for first deployment of AMD Helios
AI Rack system.

+3.8% FDS-US (FactSet Research Systems): FQ4 earnings and revenue better; organic ASV growth ahead of consensus; OM in line though
some pressure from ASV-linked incentive plans; FY27 EPS guidance below the Street and revenue guide in line (though some analyst
thoughts conservative).

+3.8% GME-US (GameStop): President, CEO and Chairman Ryan Cohen disclosed purchase of 450K shares.

+2.9% HII-US (Huntington Ingalls Industries): Awarded $5.10B contract to execute USS Harry S. Truman refueling and complex overhaul;
also awarded US Navy contract to build 10 ROMULUS unmanned surface vessels, terms undisclosed.

+2.4% ABNB-US (Airbnb): Introduced several new features at Airbnb Autumn Update, including ability to use AI throughout the booking
process.

-2% F-US (Ford Motor): Auto space weaker; company noted that supplier issue that affected F-150 pickup-truck output in recent days has
been resolved, but has impacted Q3 wholesale.

-2.8% HIG-US (Hartford Financial): Announced CEO transition; company President Mo Tooker to succeed Chris Swift, effective 27-Mar;
early takeaways noted announcement not surprising and unlikely to alter strategy (board also said this in press release).

-4.2% NOC-US (Northrop Grumman): Lost out to Boeing (BA-US) on $20B+ F/A-XX sixth-generation strike fighter contract.

-4.2% MAT-US (Mattel): CEO Ynon Kreiz to step down effective 2-Oct, to be replaced by current board member, director Roger Lynch.

-5.4% MRNA-US (Moderna): Downgraded to sell from neutral at Citi; cited unsustainable valuation with shares up over 500% YTD.

-8.9% CBRS-US (Cerebras Systems): SemiAnalysis said OpenAI's latest GPT6.1 Sol Ultrafast is not running on Cerebras, but is instead
running at low batch size on Nvidia (NVDA-US) GPUs.

-10% JBL-US (Jabil): FQ4 core EPS and revenue better; highlighted accelerating AI demand along with solid growth in other segments
(Auto/Transportation a notable contributor); next-Q and FY27 guidance ahead of the Street; some thoughts of high bar into print.

-12.2% TRLV-US (Trulieve Cannabis): DEA Chief Administrative Judge yesterday paused marijuana rescheduling hearing to decide whether
a recent GAO report should be entered into the record; however, analysts noted stay is not a ruling on the merits.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 4 of 12
EU Market Recap
Germany -0.8% | France -0.9% | UK -0.3%
Synopsis

European equity markets closed lower, near worst levels. Retail, utilities, miners and travel were the top gainers, while media, energy,
insurance and banks were the big laggards. The session followed mostly weaker levels on Tuesday, and the Stoxx 600 is on course for its
first monthly loss in six months. European yields were mostly steady. The dollar index was off 0.1%, gold up 0.3%, silver off 0.6% and
bitcoin futures up 0.3%. Europe was under pressure likely on signs of higher inflation, with a lot of macro data to digest at month-end:
French and Italian inflation readings for September posted multi-year highs, and German inflation also beat expectations at 3.3% y/y
versus 3.1% expected. German retail sales rebounded in August and import prices increased, but the labor market remained weak in the
latest update. In the UK, the Lloyds business barometer fell sharply to a 17-month low in September, final Q2 GDP was revised up to 0.5%
versus the flash estimate of 0.4%, and auto output rebounded in August. The BoE FPC said the risk outlook worsened in September.
Dovish BoE member Taylor said he did not see a compelling case for a rate hike after hawkish-leaning comments from senior officials
late last week. The press digested PM Burnham's speech from Tuesday, which included nationalization of utilities, changes to the state
pension guarantee, electoral reform and closer ties with Europe. On the corporate front, KOG-NO secured ~NOK16B of orders, an ICC
tribunal ruled against TLW-GB in its Coin $196.5M tax dispute with Ghana, and FUTR-GB paused its share buyback to focus on delever-
aging in FY 2027.
Macro

Euro area inflation and the ECB: Friday's Eurozone flash CPI read for September is likely to confirm another energy-led jump. After upside
surprises in the big four, Goldman Sachs lifted its September forecast to 3.8% headline and 2.5% core, from 3.2% and 2.4% in August,
while consensus sees 3.3% for the headline and 2.5% for core. France's HICP rose to 3.4% from 2.6%, with energy up 21.2%; Italy printed
4.1% versus 3.3% prior and 3.7-3.8% consensus; Spain's HICP reached 5.0%, the highest since Feb-2023, on fuels and package holidays;
and German inflation came in at 3.3% versus 3.1% expected and 2.9% in August. German import prices rose 8.3% y/y in August versus
8% expected and 6.8% prior, the steepest increase since Dec-2022, with energy imports up 43.0% and intermediate goods 11.0%, driven
by the Middle East war and Hormuz disruption. Import prices rose 1.0% m/m versus 0.7% expected and 0.2% prior, the highest since Apr
2026, and ex-energy import prices were still 5.1% higher than a year earlier, which may be seen as an early cost-push signal. On the ECB,
Middle East crude has adapted to Hormuz, but refined products have not followed: Goldman Sachs said Gulf diesel, gasoline and jet are
still about half of last year's rate, Middle East diesel shipments to Europe are heading for a six-year low (SPGlobal), and the IEA's Birol
noted Europe is the most exposed diesel importer heading into winter. Oxford Economics warned a US export curb could lift European
wholesale diesel 40-50%. Until product markets ease, the bar for further ECB cuts may remain higher than the export rebound implies,
and another 3.7%+ headline print would keep an October hike in play even if core stays muted.

BoE outlook, gilts and the FPC: The BoE FPC warned on a worsening risk outlook, highlighting that the chances of financial risks occurring
simultaneously have increased since July and that the re-escalation of the Middle East conflict has renewed uncertainty around growth
and the path of interest rates. It pointed out that rapid growth in AI-related debt issuance broadens debt market exposure to AI
developments, and warned that hedge fund positioning in the Gilt market remains elevated with a risk of sharp adjustment, while
maintaining that the financial system remains resilient to increases in sovereign bond yields. UK public inflation expectations rose in
September, with the Citibank/YouGov survey showing 12-month expectations up sharply to 4.5% versus 3.9% prior and long-term
expectations at 4.3% versus 4.1% in August. BoE deputy governor Ramsden was the latest to warn that it may need to raise rates if
inflation pressures strengthen further, after similar remarks by Governor Bailey and other deputies late last week, and the market is
pricing four rate increases over the next year, including in November and February. ING do not expect a rate hike this year, while Citibank
see a risk of near-term tightening and then a reversal in the second half of 2027. The UK's Debt Management Office sold £4.25B of
4.875% bonds maturing in July 2036 at an average yield of 5.383%, versus 5.16% on the same security last month and the highest yield
on a 10-year auction since 1999. The UK 10-year yield hit its highest level in 19 years on Monday with a peak of 5.44%, and was about 6
bp lower at 5.37% on Wednesday.

UK growth, households and the fiscal agenda: UK final Q2 growth was revised up to 0.5% from 0.4%, driven by services (+0.6%) and
construction (+0.8%), while production shrank by 0.1%; business investment is estimated to have risen 1.8% on the quarter, with AI having
a notable impact. More recent data show momentum may be fading: the September composite PMI recorded a three-month low of 51.7,
and the Lloyds Bank business confidence barometer fell to a 17-month low of 41 versus a prior 53, with economic optimism down 18
points to 31% and the net balance of firms expecting to increase employment down 6 points to 34%, its lowest since January 2025. UK
household energy bills are set for their biggest rise in four years, with Cornwall Insight predicting a 16% increase in January after a 4%
rise in the October price cap that takes effect tomorrow, and diesel prices hit a record high. PM Burnham and other ministers hinted at
more help for households, likely targeted given fiscal pressures. In his Labour Party conference speech, Burnham outlined an ambitious
agenda including reform of the state pension to fund a social care system, nationalization of key utilities, rethinking ties with the EU that
could include rejoining the bloc, and electoral reform, with limited market impact as most policies depend on Labour winning the next
election, not due until August 2029. Chancellor Healey said fiscal discipline will form the core of his budget, with little detail yet on how
the policy agenda will be financed, and economists expect higher taxes and some spending cuts in the October budget to keep the market
onside.

German labour market and the EU budget: German jobless claims rose 12K on a seasonally adjusted basis in September versus
consensus for a 1K rise and following a 5K increase in August. The number of people unemployed is now at 3.01 million, and the jobless
rate came in at 6.4%, as expected. The head of the German employment agency, Nahles, said the start of the autumn season has been

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 5 of 12
subdued and the improvement in the economy has not yet reached the labor market, with vacancies only 30K more than a year ago at
660K. August retail sales rose 1.3% versus 1.5% expected, recovering from a revised 3.2% drop in July, the fastest growth since Jun-
2025, though on an annual basis they fell 0.4% versus forecasts for a 0.1% gain. Separately, Germany issued an ultimatum on the EU
budget: Chancellor Merz, together with five other EU members, threatened to withhold agreement on the next seven-year budget unless
hundreds of billions of spending cuts are secured. The six members, which include Scandinavian countries and Austria, account for 40%
of EU budget revenues and want resources shifted away from farming and poorer countries to fund defense and innovative industries
facing competitive threats from China and the US. European Council President Costa has been raising support for new revenue-raising
measures to be discussed at the October summit, and there are worries there may be no agreement before payments are due in January
2028.

September in review: The Stoxx Europe 600 recorded its first monthly loss in six months after hitting a record high in August. An energy-
driven price shock, a backup in bond yields and hawkish central banks weighed on sentiment. Analysts remain constructive on the outlook
amid healthy EU corporate margins, a positive macro picture and German fiscal expansion (AI buildout, defense, electrification). Central
banks leaned hawkish, with the ECB hiking rates, the BoE set to follow, Norges Bank willing to do more and the Riksbank guiding higher.
Fiscal vulnerabilities were in the spotlight, with worries over a populist takeover in the French presidential election and the UK's October
budget. The eurozone macro picture is resilient with growth picking up, but UK momentum is fading as businesses and households lose
confidence. Within the session, retail was the standout sector, led by Greggs (GRG-GB) after the company raised its annual profit outlook,
though it announced plans to shut four UK factories, cutting 740 jobs. Utilities were sharply higher, supported by AI buildout momentum
and some easing in global bond yields, with Fortum (FORTUM-FI) and Verbund (VER-AT) higher after rating upgrades at Oddo. Glencore
(GLEN-GB) won approval to extend Hunter Valley coal operations in Australia until 2045, and SkiStar (SKIS.B-SE) reported higher-than-
expected revenue and said winter 2026/27 bookings were up 3% y/y. On the downside, media lagged on Future (FUTR-GB), oil & gas
lagged despite firmer crude, Vår Energi (VAR-NO) traded lower following completion of its acquisition of Pandion Energy's portfolio, and
insurers and banks weakened on rating downgrades at Generali (G-IT) and Commerzbank (CBK-DE).
Notable Movers

+22.8% SAGA-GB (Saga Plc): H1 FY27 underlying profit before tax 11% above consensus at £46.6M and raised FY27 guidance to £65M-
£70M, prompting 13% earnings upgrade at Peel Hunt; broker said strong cruise demand supports earlier achievement of £100M target.

+5.5% GXI-DE (Gerresheimer): Q2 revenue and earnings improved sequentially, supporting management's stronger-H2 outlook despite
weaker half-year results; analysts suggest planned Centor divestment offers clearer underlying-performance visibility, while return to
regular reporting also helped sentiment.

+4.8% KOG-NO (Kongsberg Gruppen): secured ~NOK16B of orders, including Belgium's NOK10B NASAMS contract and the Netherlands'
NOK1.5B NOMADS order; including Kuwait's NOK10B NASAMS award and the US NSM framework, FY26 orders could reach NOK115B,
well above consensus of NOK89B.

+2.3% ZEG-GB (Zegona Communications): initiated with buy at Goldman Sachs citing underappreciated structural growth in Spain and
further operating and capital-efficiency opportunities at Vodafone Spain; broker forecasts FY29 operating and FCF ~16% and 30% above
consensus, respectively, implying 72% upside.

+1.8% VWS-DK (Vestas Wind Systems): announced 669MW of orders in Japan and Australia, including 55MW in Japan and two Australian
contracts totalling 614MW, all with long-term service agreements; awards lift Q3 2026 announced order intake to 1,914MW, supporting
visibility despite deliveries beginning from 2029.

+1.1% FORTUM-FI (Fortum): upgraded to outperform at Oddo citing stronger Nordic power prices and the growth-enhancing Google con-
tract; broker said relevant generation-price basket has risen roughly 30% since early 2025, improving earnings prospects and risk-reward.

+0.9% VER-AT (Verbund): upgraded to neutral at Oddo in sector note; broker said low water levels continue to create profit-warning risk
for 2026, but appears largely discounted; improved 2027 assumptions and a satisfactory medium-term outlook strengthen the risk-
reward profile.

-0.6% NKT-DE (NKT A/S): upgraded to hold at Kepler Cheuvreux citing valuation; broker flagged 23% share-price correction improved risk-
reward; target rose to DKK895 from DKK780, reflecting higher forecasts and a DCF roll-forward, although estimates remain below NKT's
2030 EBITDA ambition of more than €900M.

-1.7% G-IT (Assicurazioni Generali): downgraded to hold at Jefferies citing 123% share-price gain and substantial P/E re-rating; broker
said near-term non-life pricing pressures, weaker life margins and lapse concerns limit further upside despite confidence in strategy.

-3.2% BAER-CH (Julius Baer Group): upgraded to equal weight at Morgan Stanley with broker raising valuation to CHF81 from CHF67 by
shifting to 2028 earnings and lowering cost of equity; broker said FINMA's enforcement conclusion supports buyback prospects, but
subdued flows, IT costs and compliance oversight remain constraints.

-4% CBK-DE (Commerzbank): downgraded to hold at Deutsche Bank as key catalysts, including higher net interest income, substantial
capital returns and improving German sentiment, are seen increasingly priced in after strong performance, while strategic uncertainty
limits further valuation upside at 10.9x 2027 earnings.

-5.5% WDP-BE (Warehouses de Pauw): raised €400M through accelerated offering priced at €19.40, a 4.7% discount, despite being 5.4
times oversubscribed; proceeds will fund €265M of investments and €160M of land purchases ahead of its Argan merger

-47.4% TLW-GB (Tullow Oil): ICC tribunal ruled against Coin $196.5M tax dispute with Ghana; tribunal rejected company's claim that
Ghana's corporate income tax assessment on insurance proceeds received between 2016 and 2019 breached its petroleum agreements;
tribunal also ruled that penalties equivalent to 100% of tax assessment not covered by Tullow's contractual protections.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 6 of 12
Asian Markets
Japan +1.94% | Hong Kong +0.37% | China +0.31%
Synopsis

Asian markets traded higher on Wednesday, with some strong gains for the Nikkei 225 and Topix, while the Hang Seng pared early losses
to trade higher. Mainland China benchmarks were also higher, and there were small gains for India and Taiwan, which is at a fresh record
high. South Korea was flat and Southeast Asia largely lower. The yen was stronger and the AUD weaker, and JGB yields were lower.
Precious metals found support after several down days, and base metals were higher. China's official manufacturing PMI edged back into
slight expansion this month, underpinned by production hitting a YTD high, and the non-manufacturing PMI also turned positive. China
RatingDog PMIs similarly showed the factory and services sectors expanding at a quicker pace. Japan's industrial output unexpectedly
shrank, led by IT and electronics. South Korea industrial production and investment were weighed down by a sharp drop in autos. Aus-
tralian August inflation eased by slightly more than forecast, further dimming odds of a November rate hike. In company news, SoftBank
(9984-JP) rallied following the latest OpenAI funding headlines (targeting a $1.4T valuation) and product releases (Dots, GPT-6.1 Sol).
Nidec (6594-JP) confirmed the resignation of its president and CEO following reports it is facing a JPY1T impairment charge, and also
confirmed reports it is in talks to sell its electronics parts business. Bloomberg sources said Gold Fields is weighing sweetening its take-
over offer for Northern Star Resources (NST-AU). Shandong Gold Mining (1787-HK) chairman proposed a share buyback.
Macro

PBOC policy support measures: In a range of policy measures, the PBOC lowered the PSL rate by 25 bp to 1.5% and expanded eligibility
of collateralized supplementary lending to include 'six networks' projects. It added CNY200B ($30B) to the quota for the relending scheme
on tech innovation to a total size of CNY1.4T, while expanding the same framework for agriculture and small business by CNY500B (private
enterprise portion CNY300B) to CNY4.85T (CNY1.3T). A separate notice addressed to local finance departments launched a 1% interest
rate subsidy for first home buyers effective 1-Oct, covering home loans of up to CNY1M and targeting the affordable portion of the market,
with a term of 1 year, though the Q&A noted these can roll over for up to 5 years. Officials also noted there is no upper limit to total
subsidies, which have been guaranteed in the fiscal budget. The announcements followed a State Council meeting Monday which flagged
a range of measures, and press takeaways broadly described the scope as modest, just enough to keep the 2026 official GDP growth
target of 4.5-5.0% on track (Bloomberg).

China PMIs return to marginal expansion: The official manufacturing PMI was 50.1 in September, matching expectations and following
49.8 in the previous month, marking a return to expansion territory for the first time in three months. Production accelerated to a YTD
high, new orders showed steady marginal growth, while exports ticked lower to the neutral line, and NBS noted better demand conditions
prompted a pickup in purchases. The input price index reached the 60 threshold for the first time since May, outpacing a five-month high
in output prices. The non-manufacturing PMI was the main surprise at 50.2 versus consensus 49.2, following 49.0 in the prior month,
with the services index mirroring the first expansion in three months (despite ongoing drags in capital markets and real estate) and
construction notably seeing its first growth this year. Non-manufacturing output prices emerged into positive territory for the first time in
at least a year. The composite PMI improved to a YTD high of 50.7 from 49.5 in the prior month. The RatingDog manufacturing index was
52.1 versus consensus 51.7 and prior 51.5, and non-manufacturing 51.6 versus consensus 51.3 and prior 51.4.

Japan policy speech and data: Nikkei cited a draft of Prime Minister Takaichi's policy speech to open the extraordinary Diet session
starting 5-Oct, highlighting the responsibly proactive fiscal policy mantra and reassuring markets that policy would adapt nimbly to devi-
ations in economic and market assumptions. Annual JGB issuance plans will be determined after observing trends in rates and other
conditions, and while standing by the strategy of abstaining from supplementary budgets in principle, Takaichi will convey flexibility under
the prevailing economic climate. The JPY370T public-private framework for growth investments does not signify a lopsided push to in-
crease spending, and she repeated a vow not to resort to deficit bond financing. The key debate in the extra session will be the consump-
tion tax cut bill amid ongoing resistance from opposition parties and funding sources still yet to be determined. Industrial production fell
1.7% m/m in August, contrasting with expectations of a 1.3% increase and extending a 0.2% decline in the previous month, with autos,
business machinery and petroleum & coal the biggest drags and IT equipment down 18.0%. Core capital goods shipments rose for the
third straight month, pointing to strong Q3 growth, and METI survey projections point to gains of 3.2% in September and 3.1% in October.
Retail sales fell 1.2% m/m, almost in line with consensus 1.1%, following a 2.1% increase in the prior month, with all broad categories
lower.

Australian inflation and the RBA: Australian headline inflation rose to 4% y/y in August from 3.5% in July, slightly less than consensus
4.1%, while trimmed mean inflation held at an in-line 3.6%. The main driver was fuel (+13.5%) due to the Middle East conflict and the end
of the government's fuel excise cut, and housing inflation climbed to 5.7% from 5% on surging electricity costs after the end of government
rebates. The data elicited a dovish market reaction, with the policy-sensitive 3Y yield extending its earlier decline and the Aussie dollar
falling to a fresh two-month low, and market-implied odds of a November rate hike fell to ~25% from ~40% before the data. Takeaways
from Tuesday's RBA rate hike characterized the statement as hawkish with its emphasis on upside inflation risks, and it repeated prepar-
edness to hike the cash rate further if needed. Governor Bullock's press conference was considered balanced and less hawkish than
expected, with her suggestion that no further rate hikes are needed if the degree of restrictiveness is enough to dampen inflationary
pressures. Economists are mixed on the near-term outlook, with some sticking to their predictions of a November rate hike and others
seeing the RBA on hold but acknowledging that risk, which will be informed in large part by the outcome of Q3 CPI.

Rough quarter for Korean and Chinese tech benchmarks: The China Star 50 index is down 30% quarter-to-date with nearly all of that
decline occurring in July amid the global selloff in semiconductor stocks (Bloomberg), with selling more pronounced among foundational

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 7 of 12
model developers: Z.AI and MiniMax are down 70% and 40% respectively. Concerns about profitability amid expensive valuations, com-
petitive pressures and a token price war among model developers, and more recently reports about Beijing allowing purchases of some
Nvidia chips, were among the common factors mentioned. South Korea's Kospi is down ~20% quarter-to-date, having stabilized after
recording nearly all of that loss during July's heavy drawdown (FT). Seoul's crackdown on leveraged ETFs tamped down the speculative
froth suspected of fueling the Kospi's surge, leading to a sharp drop in average daily trading volumes, while the Street remains bullish on
memory, with earnings growth underpinned by HBM and DRAM demand, and Goldman Sachs recently reaffirmed a 12K index target.
Notable Movers

+6.5% 9984-JP (SoftBank Group): OpenAI reportedly seeking to raise $30B+ in new funding round at pre-money valuation of $1.4T

+4.8% 030000-KR (Cheil Worldwide): to launch KRW40.00B buyback; guides KRW140.00B buyback plan

+4.7% 6594-JP (Nidec): confirms resignation of president and CEO Mitsuya Kishida; CTO Michio Kaida has been replacement; also
confirms considering selling subsidiary Nidec Components following report

+3.1% 600547-CN (Shandong Gold Mining): chairman proposes CNY300-400M on-market buyback

+2.9% 7269-JP (Suzuki Motor): reports Aug global vehicle production +22.1% y/y to 295,249

+2.6% 5016-JP (JX Advanced Metals): JX Advanced Metals, Tronox conduct joint study for rare earth business

+2.1% 2002-TW (China Steel): president Chen Shou-Tao retires

+1.6% 7004-JP (Kanadevia): Kanadevia, Nippon Steel Engineering terminate business integration plan

+0.4% 7532-JP (Pan Pacific International Holdings): reportedly to acquire Toys R Us Japan business as toy retailer exits country

-1.8% 9044-JP (Nankai): reports August revenue from all passengers on all lines ¥5.91B, -1.6% y/y

-3% 3050-JP (DCM Holdings): reports Q2 earnings; operating income ¥9.78B vs est. ¥10.80B.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 8 of 12
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd (the “Bank”) for information purposes only. It is not the result of financial
research conducted by the Bank’s research department nor of any other detailed due diligence or consideration. Although it may contain quotes
of research analysts or quote research publications, this publication may not be considered investment research or an investment recommen-
dation under applicable rules as the respective conditions for such qualification are not met. Therefore the «Directives on the Independence of
Financial Research» of the Swiss Bankers Association do not apply to this publication. Any views, opinions and commentaries in this publication
(together the “Views”) are generally short/mid-term views of the author and may differ from those of the Bank’s research or other departments.
The Bank may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the Views expressed herein. It may also
provide advisory or other services to companies mentioned in this publication resulting in a conflict of interest that could affect the Bank’s
objectivity. While the Bank has taken steps to avoid or disclose, respectively, such conflicts, it cannot make any representation in such regard.
The Views contained in this publication are those of the author as per the date of writing and may be subject to change without notice. This
publication is based on publicly available information and data (the “Information”). While the Bank makes every effort to use reliable and
comprehensive Information, it cannot make any representation that it is actually accurate or complete. Possible errors or incompleteness of
the Information do not constitute legal grounds (contractual or tacit) for liability, either with regard to direct, indirect or consequential damages.
In particular, neither the Bank nor its shareholders and employees shall be liable for the Views contained in this publication.
This publication constitutes marketing material. If it refers to a financial instrument for which a prospectus and/or a key investor/information
publication exists, these are available free of charge from Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Elisabethenstrasse 62, P.O. Box, CH-4002 Basel, Switzer-
land.
Any prices laid down in this publication are for indicative and/or illustrative purposes only and may vary in accordance with market fluctuations
and other market circumstances. The Bank does not accept any losses whatsoever (whether direct, indirect or consequential) for the infor-
mation contained in this publication.
Certain investments, for example including but not limited to structured products, and/or other investments referred to herein, may involve the
use of leveraging, the use of derivative instruments, exposure to emerging markets or potentially volatile markets and can therefore be subject
to significantly higher risks and may not be suitable for all investors. The value of, the income from, the annualised returns of or the projected
returns of such investments may fluctuate and/or be affected by economic, financial and political factors, including interest and exchange
rates, market volatility and market conditions.
Dealing in the structured product and/or such other investments referred to herein can be subject to significant risks and may not be suitable
for all investors. In particular, an investment in a structured product is not a direct investment in the underlying or referenced assets and
investors have no rights in respect of such underlying or referenced assets. However, the performance of the underlying or referenced assets
will have a direct effect on the value of the product, or the derivative transactions in question. The Bank has not performed, nor will at any time
perform, any investigation or review of the underlying or referenced assets, nor does it make any guarantee or express or implied warranty in
respect of the performance of the underlying or referenced assets, nor the selection thereof.
Unless specifically agreed, the principal amount invested in a structured product and/or such other investments is not guaranteed and inves-
tors may end up receiving either (i) an amount less than the principal amount invested or (ii) securities with a value substantially below that of
the principal amount invested. No assurance (whether express or implied) is given to the effect that any of the issuer, the guarantor or any of
their affiliates will make a market in the products, nor that there will be a secondary market in such product. The value of the structured product
and/or such other investments also depends on the ability of the issuer and the guarantor, if applicable, to perform their obligations thereunder.
Before entering into any transaction to acquire the structured product and/or investment, you should independently assess with your profes-
sional advisers the specific risks relating to any legal, regulatory, credit, tax (including the legal and tax regimes in the countries of your citizen-
ship, residence, domicile and/or place of incorporation (as the case may be) and any applicable exchange control regulations) and accounting
consequences arising from entering into any transactions or purchasing any products. Unless the Bank has specifically solicited or advised you
to enter into such transaction, you should not rely on this publication or any representation by the Bank in making such assessment.
An investment product may be issued by a third party issuer and in such event, this publication is solely based on the issuer's product docu-
mentation which contains all the legally binding terms (including risk considerations) applicable to the product and which is available upon
request. The Bank assumes no liability regarding the content of such issuer's documentation or any other information provided by the issuer.
This publication is neither an offer to buy or sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instrument or to accept any service.
Further, it is not intended to, and does not, provide individually tailored investment advice. It has been prepared without taking into account
the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular and/or specific investor. Before entering into any transaction, investors should
consider the appropriateness of the transaction with regard to their individual circumstances and objectives. Nothing in this publication con-
stitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate for an

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 9 of 12
investor’s individual circumstances, or otherwise constitutes a recommendation, whether personal or otherwise for any specific investor. The
Bank recommends that investors independently evaluate, with a professional advisor, the specific legal, regulatory, credit, tax and accounting
consequences of any transaction. Direct investments in U.S. securities may expose the investor to U.S. taxation (e.g. U.S. estate tax) and may
lead to U.S. taxation of the investor even in cases where the investor is not domiciled in the US and/or does not have U.S. person status It is
possible that the Bank performs services to buy, sell, subscribe or redeem financial instrument, which are mentioned in this report, on behalf
of third parties or is mandated for any kind of other services in relation to these financial instrument.
Acceptance of services and investments in products mentioned in this publication should only be made after a thorough reading of the available
product/services documentation, e.g. the Key Investor Information Document «KIID» for certain investment funds. Such documents can be
obtained free of charge upon request.
Past performance or simulated performance is no indication of current or future performance. The return of a financial instrument may go down
as well as up due to exchange rate fluctuations between currencies. The Bank does not assume any liability, neither explicit nor implicit for the
future performance of a financial instrument.
The Bank or its affiliates may also be involved in any other transactions with the issuer of the investment product or may have an interest in
any underlying or referenced assets of the investment product. Furthermore, the Bank may receive certain commissions or fees from its affili-
ates or certain minor non-monetary benefits from third party issuers, provided, in each case, that they meet certain criteria, such as being
capable of enhancing the quality of services provided by the Bank, for placement or distribution of the financial products either as an initial
charge and/or as ongoing fees during the holding period of the financial products. Such commissions or fees are considerations for services
rendered by the Bank to the issuers and managers of the financial products, including but not limited to the use of the Bank's distribution
channel. Clients and investors acknowledge that the Bank may receive and keep such commissions and fees which will not be passed on to
the clients or investor. Although measures are taken to avoid or limit conflicts of interest, the Bank cannot guarantee that such conflicts of
interest will not occur.
This publication may only be distributed in countries where its distribution is legally permitted. This information is not directed to any person in
any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) such offering is prohibited. Consequently, services and/or
products mentioned in this publication may not be available in all countries. Interested parties should contact the local J. Safra Sarasin Group-
representative to be informed about the services and products available in their country of residence.
This publication is distributed by the following affiliates of the Bank:
The Bahamas: This publication is circulated to private clients of Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Bahamas) Ltd, and is not intended for circulation to
nationals or citizens of The Bahamas or a person deemed ‘resident’ in The Bahamas for the purposes of exchange control by the Central Bank
of The Bahamas.
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This material is intended to be distributed by J. Safra Sarasin (Middle East) Ltd (“JSSME”) in DIFC
to professional clients as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). JSSME is duly authorised and regulated by DFSA. If you do
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. This material may also include Funds which
are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). The DFSA has no responsibility for
reviewing or verifying any Issuing Document or other documents in connection with these Funds. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved the
Issuing Document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in the Issuing Document, and has
no responsibility for it. The Units to which the Issuing Document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.
Hong Kong
Important Notice
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any
regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice.
When you acquire a structured product and/or investment and/or otherwise enter into a transaction, unless the Bank has specifically solicited
or advised you to enter into such transaction, you acquire such structured product and/or investment in reliance on your own judgment, taking
into account your overall financial situation, composition of your investment portfolio and your other assets, your investment objectives, attitude
to risk, performance aspiration, tolerance to possible capital loss, liquidity requirements and any matters which you consider to be appropriate.
Derivatives Warning
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) which involves derivatives. Do not invest in such struc-
tured product(s) unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with it/them. If you are in any doubt about the risks
involved in the product(s), you may clarify with the intermediary or seek independent professional advice.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 10 of 12
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) but distributed by each of its branches in
Singapore and Hong Kong in the conduct of their respective businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong. Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong
Branch is a licensed bank under the Hong Kong Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and a registered institution under the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
Complex Product Warning
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve complex products. Investors should exercise caution and review the product offering
documents to understand the product risks and features before making any investment decisions.
Hong Kong Selling Restriction
This publication and any investments detailed herein are available for Professional Investors only.
This document and its contents are not intended and shall not in any way be construed as an offer or solicitation to the public in Hong Kong for
the purchase or sale of any securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme.
If the Bank solicits the sale of or recommends any financial product to you, the financial product must be reasonably suitable for you having
regard to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. No other provision of this disclaimer or any other document
the Bank may ask you to sign and no statement the Bank may ask you to make derogates from this clause.
This document has not and will not be registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong or authorized by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Com-
mission under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance nor has its content been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.
Accordingly, unless permitted by the securities laws of Hong Kong, (i) in the case of the product being a share or debenture of a company, no
person may issue or cause to be issued this document in Hong Kong, other than to persons who are “professional investors” as defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder or in circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus”
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) or which do not consti-
tute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (ii) in other cases, no person may issue or have in its possession for the
purposes of issue, this document, or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any securities, regulated investment agreement or
collective investment scheme, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or
read by, the public in Hong Kong, other than with respect to securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme which
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures
Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. If an investor is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the investor should obtain
independent professional advice.
Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong Branch is an authorized institution under the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
and is a registered institution under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (CE Number AHX499) for the
purposes of carrying on Types 1 (dealing in securities) and 4 (advising on securities) regulated activities as defined under the Securities and
Futures Ordinance.
Monaco: In Monaco this document is distributed by Banque J. Safra Sarasin (Monaco) SA, a bank registered in “Principauté de Monaco” and
regulated by the French Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and Monegasque Government and Commission de Contrôle
des Activités Financières («CCAF»).
Panama: This publication is distributed, based solely on public information openly available to the general public, by J. Safra Sarasin Asset
Management S.A., Panama, regulated by the Securities Commission of Panama.
Qatar Financial Centre (QFC): This material is intended to be distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC, Qatar [“BJSSQ”] from QFC to
Business Customers as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) Rules. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC is authorised
by QFCRA. This material may also include collective investment scheme/s (Fund/s) that are not registered in the QFC or regulated by the
Regulatory Authority. Any issuing document / prospectus for the Fund, and any related documents, have not been reviewed or approved by the
Regulatory Authority. Investors in the Fund may not have the same access to information about the Fund that they would have to information
of a fund registered in the QFC; and recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued
in a jurisdiction outside the QFC.
Singapore:
Important Notice
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any
regulatory authority in Singapore. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice.
Derivatives Warning
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) containing derivatives, in which event the investment
decision is yours but you should not invest in the investment detailed herein unless (i) the intermediary who sells them to you/your professional

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 11 of 12
advisor has explained to, and/or advised, you that they are suitable for you having regard to your financial situation, investment experience
and investment objectives; and/or (ii) you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with them.
Singapore Selling Restriction
This publication and related documents may not be distributed or circulated to, and the investment(s) mentioned herein may not be offered or
sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public in Singapore other than (i)
to an institutional investor specified in Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the products are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: (A) a corporation (which is not an
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (B) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor)
whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, shares, debentures
and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the products pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 except:
(1) to an institutional investor (for corporations under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA,
or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation
or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for
each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or (3) where
the transfer is by operation of law.
Where the document refers to a fund (the “Fund”), such Fund does not relate to a collective investment scheme which is authorised under
section 286 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”) or recognised under section 287 of the SFA. The Fund is
not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and shares in the Fund are not allowed to be offered to the
retail public. Each of this document and any other document or material issued in connection with any potential offer or sale is not a prospectus
as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should
consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you.
This document has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of shares in the Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may
shares in the Fund be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to
persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1),
or any person pursuant to Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where shares in the Fund are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 by a relevant person which is:
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an
individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the
shares in the Fund pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 except:
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer referred to in
Section 275(1A) of the SFA;
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law.
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank but distributed by its Singapore branch in the conduct of its business in Singapore.  Bank
J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Singapore Branch (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) is an exempt financial adviser under the Singapore
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110), a wholesale bank licensed under the Singapore Banking Act (Cap. 19) and regulated by the Monetary Authority
of Singapore.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
United Kingdom: This document is distributed from the UK by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch, 47 Berkeley Square, London,
W1J 5AU, to its clients, prospects and other contacts. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd offers wealth and investment management products
and services to its clients and prospects through Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch. Registered as a foreign company in the

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 1 October 2026 | Page 12 of 12
UK number FC027699. Authorised by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission and subject to limited regulation in the United Kingdom by
the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registration number 466838. Details about the extent of our regula-
tion by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. Registered office 57 - 63 Line Wall
Road, Gibraltar. Telephone calls may be recorded. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with our Data and Privacy Statement.
Where this publication is provided to you by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Limited, London Branch: Nothing in this document is intended to
exclude or restrict any liability that we owe to you under the regulatory system that applies to us, and in the event of conflict, any contrary
indication is overridden. You are reminded to read all relevant documentation relating to any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek
any specialist financial or tax advice that you need. You are not permitted to pass this document on to others, apart from your professional
advisers. If you have received it in error please return or destroy it.
In Switzerland this publication is distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, authorized and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority FINMA («FINMA»). All investment funds mentioned in this publication are approved for distribution in Switzerland. Structured products
are not collective investment schemes as per the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not subject to the authorization
or supervision by FINMA.
The entire contents of this publication are protected by copyright law (all rights reserved). The use, modification or duplication in whole or part
of this document is prohibited. Copyright notices and branding must neither be altered nor removed. Any not-permitted usage requires the prior
written approval of the Bank. The same applies to the circulation of this publication. Third party data providers make no warranties or repre-
sentations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the data provided and shall have no liability for any damages of
any kind relating to such data.
© Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd
