 
 
  
Market Review & Outlook 
Asset Allocation 
1 October 2026 
 
Higher rates test the equity rally 
Markets are pricing further rate hikes 
and higher bond yields, given robust 
growth and sticky inflation. Equities 
should struggle to push much higher. 
Review – Higher rates challenge risk assets 
The resumption of hostilities between the US and Iran has pushed 
Brent crude back above $100 per barrel in early September, trig-
gering renewed inflation concerns and a sharp repricing of global 
rate expectations. The ECB raised its policy rate by 25bp, followed 
by the Fed and the BoJ. The 10-year US Treasury yield rose to 5.3% 
at the end of the month – its highest level since 2007. 
 
Oil surged in September as US-Iran tensions flared up again 
Source: LSEG Datastream, Bank J. Safra Sarasin, 30.09.2026 
 
Oil rose by around 15% in September and remains the main driver 
of the broader commodity complex. Equities initially struggled 
given higher discount rates and energy prices, but renewed enthu-
siasm about AI-related technology briefly pushed the Nasdaq to a 
record high. Overall, US equities posted modest gains, while Euro-
pean equities lagged. Fixed income underperformed, given the rise 
in interest rates, which in combination with the stronger US dollar 
also weighed on the precious metal space. 
 
Global Macro – The Fed will need to tighten monetary policy more 
The US economy continues to expand at a rapid pace, supported 
by AI-related capital expenditure, resilient consumption and an im-
proving labour market. Business surveys have strengthened fur-
ther, with the September composite PMI reaching its highest level 
in more than five years and core capital goods orders point to con-
tinued strong investment spending. At the same time, inflation has 
proved too persistent for the Fed to remain on hold. Following its 
September rate hike, policymakers indicated that more rate hikes 
could follow. This is broadly consistent with our forecast for the Fed 
funds rate to reach 4.25% in Q4. We continue to expect US GDP to 
grow at 2.2% in 2026, but strong nominal demand means that 
monetary policy will need to be more restrictive than markets an-
ticipated earlier this year. 
 
The euro area has performed better than expected, helped by 
stronger manufacturing activity, increased external demand and 
Germany’s fiscal expansion. As in the US, higher energy prices 
have lifted the inflation outlook, prompting the ECB to raise its de-
posit rate in September. We forecast euro area growth at 1.0% in 
2026 and inflation at 2.9%, and expect one additional hike in Q4. 
In Switzerland, GDP has expanded by 1.5% qoq in Q2, although the 
strength of chemicals and pharmaceuticals exaggerated underly-
ing momentum. Yet the SNB kept its policy rate at 0% in Septem-
ber, given the very subdued increase in medium-term inflationary 
pressure despite higher energy prices and a weaker currency. In 
the UK, domestic demand and labour market momentum remain 
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
September
YTD
Performance in local currency
68.6% 32.9%
Contact 
Dr. Claudio Wewel 
FX Strategist 
+41 58 317 32 26 
claudio.wewel@jsafrasarasin.com 
 

 
Market Review & Outlook | Asset Allocation | 1 October 2026 | 2 
comparatively subdued. Hence the BoE kept its policy rate at 
3.75%, even though three MPC members preferred a hike amid 
concerns about second-round inflation effects. We believe that the 
probability of a rate hike in Q4 has increased considerably. 
 
Japan continues to benefit from fiscal support, rising real wages 
and strong external demand related to global AI investment. With 
inflation picking up again, the BoJ raised its policy rate to 1.25% in 
September, the highest in 31 years. The yen weakened after the 
decision as two dissenting votes reduced expectations for a faster 
pace of rate hikes. The Chinese economy remains characterised by 
a sharp divergence between strong exports and weak domestic de-
mand. AI-related manufacturing continues to benefit from the 
global technology investment boom, while consumption and in-
vestment remain subdued. August PMIs improved slightly, and we 
expect stronger fiscal and infrastructure spending to support a 
modest rebound in Q4. We maintain our 2026 GDP growth forecast 
of 4.5%. 
 
Rate hike expectations have risen further in September 
Source: Bloomberg, Bank J. Safra Sarasin, 30.09.2026 
 
Bonds – Surging yields, attractive carry 
Global government bond yields have risen substantially as resilient 
growth and elevated energy prices have forced investors to reas-
sess the path of interest rates. Following the Fed’s September rate 
hike, yields have also moved higher at the long end of the curve, 
with the 10-year US Treasury yield rising well above 5%. European 
and Japanese yields have faced similar upward pressure, although 
markets had already priced considerable additional tightening be-
fore September. We therefore see short- and intermediate-dura-
tion bonds as attractive, which offer the best risk-return trade-off. 
For now, longer maturities remain exposed to high mark-to-market 
risks. Credit spreads remain close to multi-year lows, warranting a 
neutral stance and a preference for higher quality segments. 
 
Equities – So far, earnings are offsetting higher rates 
Global equities have experienced a volatile September as rising 
bond yields met resilient earnings and renewed AI enthusiasm. 
Technology regained leadership in the second half of the month, 
while higher energy prices temporarily supported energy shares. 
European equities faced headwinds from rising rates and renewed 
fiscal concerns. Japanese equities benefited from a weaker yen fol-
lowing the BoJ decision, while AI-related semiconductor demand 
continued to support parts of emerging Asia. Looking ahead, ro-
bust nominal demand and earnings growth remain supportive, 
while valuations have become more attractive again after markets 
largely moved sideways and profits increased. We continue to pre-
fer the US and euro area from a regional perspective. At the sector 
level, technology, materials and industrials remain preferred, given 
resilient activity and their exposure to the AI investment cycle. En-
ergy companies remain least preferred. 
 
Equities with strongest earnings momentum since 2021 
Source: LSEG Datastream, Bank J. Safra Sarasin, 30.09.2026 
 
Asset Allocation – Realising profits on commodities 
Over the past few months, profits on equities have accumulated, 
driven by positive economic indicators and rising prospects for cor-
porate earnings. We retain our overweight position in equities and 
have slightly increased our tactical allocation. We continue to fa-
vour equities from developed markets over those from emerging 
markets. 
 
We have taken advantage of the strong rally in the commodities 
markets to realise profits and reduce our allocation to neutral. Our 
bond position remains slightly underweight. We are positive about 
high-yield and emerging market bonds, but remain cautious on in-
vestment-grade bonds. 
 
 
 
134
133
130
109
90
85
82
66
59
33
-20
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
NZD
CAD
SEK
GBP
EUR
JPY
USD
NOK
CHF
AUD
30.09.2026
31.08.2026
OIS, cumulative outstanding policy rate hikes/cuts over the next 12m, in bps
 98
 102
 106
 110
 114
 118
 122
 126
 130
 134
 138
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2021
2025
2026
Average 2015 - 2024
S&P 500 12-month fwd EPS 
year-to-date

 
Market Review & Outlook | Asset Allocation | 1 October 2026 | 3 
Important Information 
This publication has been prepared by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd (the “Bank”) for information purposes only. It is not the result of financial 
research conducted. Therefore, the “Directives on the Independence of Financial Research” of the Swiss Bankers Association do not apply to 
this publication. 
Any views, opinions and commentaries in this publication (together the “Views”) are the Views of the authors and may deviate from those other 
departments within the Bank. The Bank may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the Views 
expressed herein. It may also provide advisory or other services to companies mentioned in this publication resulting in a conflict of interest 
that could affect the Bank’s objectivity. While the Bank has taken steps to avoid or disclose such conflicts, it cannot make any representation 
in such regard. The Views contained in this publication are as per the date of writing and may be subject to change without notice. 
This publication is based on publicly available information and data (the “Information”) believed to be correct, accurate and complete. The Bank 
has not verified and is unable to guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the Information contained herein. Possible errors or incomplete-
ness of the Information do not constitute legal grounds for liability, either with regard to direct, indirect or consequential damages. In particular, 
neither the Bank nor its shareholders and employees shall be liable for the Views contained in this publication.  
This publication does not constitute a request or offer, solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell investment instruments or services. It 
should not be considered as a substitute for individual advice and risk disclosure by a qualified financial, legal or tax advisor. Potential investors 
should read all relevant documentation before making any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek financial or tax advice. 
Past performance is no indication of current or future performance. Investments in foreign currencies are subject to exchange rate fluctuations.  
The Views and opinions contained in this publication, along with the quoted figures, data and forecasts, may be subject to change without 
notice. There is no obligation on the part of the Bank or any other person to update the content of this publication. The Bank does not accept 
any liability whatsoever for losses arising from the use of the Information (or parts thereof) contained in this document. 
Neither this publication nor any copy thereof may be sent to or taken into the United States or distributed in the United States or to a US person. 
This publication is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) such 
distribution is prohibited and may only be distributed in countries where its distribution is legally permitted. 
This publication constitutes marketing material. If it refers to a financial instrument for which a prospectus and/or a key investor/information 
document exists, these are available free of charge from Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Elisabethenstrasse 62, P.O. Box, CH-4002 Basel, Switzer-
land. 
ICE Data Indices 
Source ICE Data Indices, LLC (“ICE DATA”), is used with permission. ICE Data, its affiliates and their respective third party suppliers disclaim 
any and all warranties and representations, express and/or implied, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular pur-
pose or use, including the indices, index data and any data included in, related to, or derived therefrom. Neither ICE Data, its affiliates or their 
respective third party providers shall not be subject to any damages or liability with respect to the adequacy, accuracy, timeliness or complete-
ness of the indices or the index data or any component thereof, and the indices and index data and all components thereof are provided on an 
“as is” basis and your use is at your own risk. ICE Data, its affiliates and their respective third party suppliers do not sponsor, endorse, or 
recommend Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, or any of its products or services. 
MSCI Indices 
MSCI Disclaimer: https://www.msci.com/notice-and-disclaimer-for-reporting-licenses 
S&P Indices 
The referenced index is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Bank J. Safra Sarasin 
Ltd. Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered 
trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”). Financial instruments of Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd are not sponsored, en-
dorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates, and none of such parties make any representation regarding 
the advisability of investing in such financial instruments nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the refer-
enced index. 
Distribution Information 
Unless stated otherwise this publication is distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd (Switzerland). 
The Bahamas: This publication is circulated to private clients of Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Bahamas) Ltd, and is not intended for circulation to 
residents or citizens of The Bahamas or any other person or legal entity deemed ‘Resident’ in The Bahamas for the purposes of exchange 
control by the Central Bank of The Bahamas. 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This material is intended to be distributed by J. Safra Sarasin (Middle East) Ltd (“JSSME”) in DIFC 
to professional clients as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). JSSME is duly authorised and regulated by DFSA. If you do 
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. This material may also include Funds which 
are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). The DFSA has no responsibility for 
reviewing or verifying any Issuing Document or other documents in connection with these Funds. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved the 
Issuing Document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in the Issuing Document, and has 
no responsibility for it. The Units to which the Issuing Document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective 
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units. 
Germany: This marketing publication is distributed in Germany by J. Safra Sarasin (Deutschland) GmbH, Bockenheimer Landstraße 92, 60323 
Frankfurt am Main for information purposes only and does not lodge claim to completeness of product characteristics. Product documents 
relating to any funds are available free of charge in German and English from J. Safra Sarasin (Deutschland) GmbH, Bockenheimer Landstraße 
92, 60323 Frankfurt am Main and at: https://product.jsafrasarasin.com/internet/product/en/index. To the extent that future performance is 
discussed in this publication, it is based, among other things, on forecasts of future developments in the financial markets and corresponding 
simulations, which in turn are based on past experience and specific performance data. Therefore, please note that historical performance 
data, forecasts and other simulations are not a reliable indicator of future performance. We do not guarantee that the forecasted values of the 

 
Market Review & Outlook | Asset Allocation | 1 October 2026 | 4 
model calculations will be achieved. The information contained in this publication for clients domiciled or resident in Germany is intended solely 
for institutional clients who intend to enter into investment transactions solely as entrepreneurs for commercial purposes. This clientele is 
limited to credit and financial services institutions, capital management companies and insurance companies, provided that they have the 
necessary permission for the business operation and are subject to supervision, as well as medium and large corporations within the meaning 
of the German Commercial Code (section 267 (2) and (3) HGB). 
Gibraltar: This document is distributed from Gibraltar by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, First Floor Neptune House, Marina Bay, Gibraltar 
to its clients, prospects and other contacts. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd whose Registered Office is 57/63 Line Wall Road, Gibraltar 
offers wealth and investment management products and services to its clients and prospects. Incorporated in Gibraltar with registration num-
ber 82334. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission. Telephone calls 
may be recorded. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with our Data and Privacy Statement. Where this publication is provided to 
you by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd. Nothing in this document is intended to exclude or restrict any liability that we owe to you under the 
regulatory system that applies to us, and in the event of conflict, any contrary indication is overridden. You are reminded to read all relevant 
documentation before making any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek any specialist financial or tax advice that you need. You are 
not permitted to pass this document on to others, apart from your professional advisers. If you have received it in error please return or destroy 
it. 
Hong Kong: This document is disseminated by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong Branch in Hong Kong. Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong 
Kong Branch is a licensed bank under the Hong Kong Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the laws of Hong Kong) and a registered institution under 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (cap. 571 of the laws of Hong Kong). 
Luxembourg: This publication is distributed in Luxembourg by Banque J. Safra Sarasin (Luxembourg) SA (the “Luxembourg Bank”), having its 
registered office at 19, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, registered with the Trade and Company Register of Luxembourg under the 
number B 157239, which is subject to the supervision of the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF). The Luxembourg Bank 
merely agrees to make this document available to its clients in Luxembourg. This document shall not be construed as a personal recommen-
dation as regards the financial instruments or products or the investment strategies mentioned therein, nor shall it be construed as and does 
not constitute an invitation to enter into a portfolio management agreement with the Luxembourg Bank or an offer to subscribe for or purchase 
any of the products or instruments mentioned therein. The information provided in this document is not intended to provide a basis on which 
to make an investment decision. Nothing in this document constitutes an investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or a representation that 
any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate for individual circumstances. Each client shall make its own appraisal. The liability of the 
Luxembourg Bank may not be engaged with regards to any investment, divestment or retention decision taken by the client on the basis of the 
information contained in the present document. The client shall bear all risks of losses potentially incurred as a result of such decision. In 
particular, neither the Luxembourg Bank nor their shareholders or employees shall be liable for the opinions, estimations and strategies con-
tained in this document. 
Monaco: In Monaco this document is distributed by Banque J. Safra Sarasin (Monaco) SA, a bank registered in “Principauté de Monaco” and 
regulated by the French Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and Monegasque Government and Commission de Contrôle 
des Activités Financières («CCAF»). 
Panama: This publication is distributed, based solely on public information openly available to the general public, by J. Safra Sarasin Asset 
Management S.A., Panama, regulated by the Superintendence of the Securities Market of Panama (SMV). 
Qatar Financial Centre (QFC): This material is intended to be distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC, Qatar [“BJSSQ”] from QFC to Busi-
ness Customers as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) Rules. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC is authorised by 
QFCRA. This material may also include collective investment scheme/s (Fund/s) that are not registered in the QFC or regulated by the Regula-
tory Authority. Any issuing document / prospectus for the Fund, and any related documents, have not been reviewed or approved by the Regu-
latory Authority. Investors in the Fund may not have the same access to information about the Fund that they would have to information of a 
fund registered in the QFC; and recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued in 
a jurisdiction outside the QFC. 
Singapore: This document is disseminated by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd., Singapore Branch in Singapore. Bank J. Safra Sarasin, Singapore 
Branch is an exempt financial adviser under the Singapore Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110), a wholesale bank licensed under the Singapore 
Banking Act (Cap. 19) and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
United Kingdom: This document is distributed from the UK by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch, 47 Berkeley Square, London, 
W1J 5AU, to its clients, prospects and other contacts. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd offers wealth and investment management products 
and services to its clients and prospects through Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch. Registered as a foreign company in the 
UK number FC027699. Authorised by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission and subject to limited regulation in the United Kingdom by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registration number 466838. Details about the extent of our regula-
tion by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. Registered office 57 - 63 Line Wall 
Road, Gibraltar. Telephone calls may be recorded. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with our Data and Privacy Statement. 
Where this publication is provided to you by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Limited, London Branch: Nothing in this document is intended to 
exclude or restrict any liability that we owe to you under the regulatory system that applies to us, and in the event of conflict, any contrary 
indication is overridden. You are reminded to read all relevant documentation relating to any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek 
any specialist financial or tax advice that you need. You are not permitted to pass this document on to others, apart from your professional 
advisers. If you have received it in error please return or destroy it. 
© Copyright Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd. All rights reserved. 
 
 
