Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Nordic Alert
01 October 2026
Long rates continue higher – despite oil below USD 100
Global key stories
US long rates continued higher yesterday. The 10-year yield is now very close to breaking above its
highest level since the financial crisis, a milestone the 30-year yield already passed on Tuesday. The rise
came despite inflation, as measured by the Fed’s preferred gauge, PCE, coming in below expectations and
the market subsequently pricing a slightly lower probability of a rate hike in October. Long rates instead
took greater cue from growth data that reinforced the picture of surprisingly resilient US growth in the first
half of the year.
Equity markets were somewhat mixed, with tech-heavy Nasdaq edging higher while the S&P 500
declined. In Europe, country-level inflation data suggest that the 2.5% core inflation forecast may hold,
although there is some risk of an upside surprise. Attention therefore shifts to growth, with PMIs for many
countries and the US ISM on today’s agenda.
In Asia, equity markets that are open are generally higher, but note that Chinese markets are closed today
and will remain closed until next Thursday owing to the National Day holiday. Equity futures point to a
lower open in Europe but a higher open in the US.
Oil prices fell sharply overnight to USD 97 per barrel, without yet generating major headlines. According to
Bloomberg, attention has shifted towards oil flows out of the Middle East approaching pre-war levels,
although it remains unclear whether quarterly effects may also be affecting the price.
Will the US ISM manufacturing index confirm last week’s strong PMI? Last week’s surprise rise in
September PMI readings, to their highest levels in several years, was interpreted as further evidence of
the surprisingly strong resilience of the US economy. However, we do not expect today’s ISM
manufacturing index, released at 16:00 CET, to show a similar increase. Instead, the index is expected to
be broadly unchanged, albeit at still solid levels. A decline in several regional manufacturing surveys in
September also poses a downside risk. Beyond the headline figure, the ISM will be closely scrutinised for
signs of renewed bottlenecks in prices and delivery times, in line with signals from both the PMI and
several regional indices.
September and Q3 market wrap. With both September and the third quarter now behind us, both
periods were characterised by higher oil prices and rates, a stronger dollar and a weaker krona. US
equities, however, rose over the third quarter, even though they declined in September (see table below).
One possible explanation is that the bulk of the move in rates did not occur until September, which also
pushed yields to levels that are more challenging for equities.
In FX (charts below), high-yielding currencies outperformed in the third quarter while low-yielding
currencies underperformed – a clear sign that carry trades dominated. One exception was the low-
yielding JPY, which was supported by repeated interventions.
Nordic key stories

Nordic Alert
01 October 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
Riksbank minutes confirm the hawkish shift. The minutes confirm the hawkish shift from last week’s
rate decision, but also show that views on the balance of risks still differ within the Executive Board. A rate
hike in November looks highly likely, with further hikes expected next year. However, board members
remain vague on the pace and extent of additional increases. The global outlook will be crucial, and energy
prices remain an important factor for the rate outlook. We still expect rate hikes in November, February
and May. Read more here.
Recovery in Swedish manufacturing PMI. The September PMI is released at 08:30 CET, and we expect
the index to show a recovery. This would see the PMI continue to reverse part of July’s unexpected
decline, when the index fell after an upward trend since 2023.
Today's key events
For graphs and analysis of the week's most important data, click here
Market data

Nordic Alert
01 October 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
Development of assets in the third quarter and September
Source: Bloomberg, SEB 
 
Foreign exchange against USD in Q3, %
Source: Bloomberg, SEB

Nordic Alert
01 October 2026
4
Macro & FICC Research
Karl Steiner
Head of Analysis
karl.steiner@seb.se
+46-70-3323104
@karlsteiner_
