Megan Peters 
+44(20)7051-2058 | 
megan.l.peters@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
G10 Consumer Dashboard: September 2026: Improvement in the US, 
Slowdown Elsewhere
1 October 2026 | 12:50AM BST
We update our G10 consumer dashboard through August. G10 consumers 
n
generally continue to benefit from healthy balance sheets, but real income 
growth is soft and spending growth is starting to slow in most DMs amid higher 
energy prices. 
Household balance sheets remain strong. Household net worth as a share of 
n
income stands close to all-time highs in Japan, Australia, and the US, around P90 
in Canada and the Euro area, and around P60 in the UK. Since we last published 
the dashboard, real net worth growth remained close to all-time highs in Japan 
and improved to P85 in the US, but declined to P30 in Australia and was little 
changed elsewhere (around P40 in Canada and P25 in the Euro area and UK). 
Consumer sentiment remains subdued across DMs, especially among 
n
low-income consumers, amid elevated energy prices. In the US, the University of 
Michigan’s index of consumer sentiment declined by more than expected in 
September to 47.8 (vs. 52.0 in August)—the University of Michigan noted that 
“with a resurgence in fuel prices and trade tensions, consumers anticipate 
greater pressures on their pocketbooks to come.” In Australia, consumer 
sentiment declined by 5.2% mom, largely reversing the improvement in August, 
to leave the index around 12% below its historical average. The worsening in 
sentiment was broad-based, with declines in all components. The quarterly news 
recall indices indicate that “inflation” continues to be the most commonly 
recalled news topic. That said, we recently highlighted that low reported 
economic sentiment likely reflects a more negative assessment of the overall 
state of the world, rather than the state of the economy specifically. To that end, 
sentiment is likely to remain a less useful tool for predicting economic dynamics 
than it has been historically. 
Real income growth stands close to all-time lows in Canada amid slowing wage 
n
growth, low population growth and elevated headline inflation, and is around 
P20 in the US and Euro area, P30 in the UK and P45 in Australia and Japan. In 
Japan, year-over-year basic wage growth for all workers accelerated to 4.1% in 
July (vs. +3.5% in June), although it slowed on a “same sample” basis (which is 
closely watched by the Bank of Japan) to +2.5% in July (vs. +2.7% in June). In the 
UK, three-month year-over-year private sector regular pay growth edged up to 
+2.9% in July (vs. +2.8% in June). 
Since we last published the dashboard, real spending growth slowed in Japan 
n
(P40), the Euro area (P40) and the UK (P50), and was unchanged in Canada (P35) 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 

and Australia (P65), but improved in the US (P70), reflecting upward revisions to 
consumption in the Q2 GDP report. In the US, core retail sales increased 1.4% in 
August, well above expectations, although sequential strength is likely overstated 
due to the timing of Amazon Prime Day (which occurred in June instead of the usual 
July, thereby leading to an overly punitive seasonal factor in July which boosted 
sequential seasonally adjusted growth in August). Smoothing across the Prime Day 
noise, we estimate that the three-month annualized pace of real core retail sales 
growth increased to +4.3% from +1.6% in July, although our US economics team 
continues to expect consumer spending to slow in 2026Q4 as the cashflow boost 
from higher tax refunds fades and headwinds from higher energy prices remain. In 
Australia, nominal household spending was unchanged in August, below consensus 
expectations for a 0.5% increase, as broad-based declines across recreation, 
clothing and alcohol offset a sharp rise in fuel spending due to the fuel excise duty 
being restored. 
Consumers continue to benefit from healthy labor markets in the Euro area, 
n
Australia, and Japan. The unemployment rate has normalized close to its historical 
median in Canada, but remains elevated in the UK. The unemployment rate is close 
to its historical low in the Euro area (6.4%), Japan (2.4%), and Australia (4.6%) but 
stands around P70 in the US (4.1%), P50 in Canada (6.4%) and P30 in the UK (4.9% 
3mma). Since we last published the dashboard, the unemployment rate edged up by 
0.1pp in Australia, extending the gradual upward trend of the first half of the year, 
and edged down by 0.1pp in Japan. 
Debt service ratios remain low by historical standards in the US (P75) and the Euro 
n
area (P65), are close to historical averages in Japan (P45) and the UK (P45), and are 
higher in Canada (P25) and Australia (P25). House prices continue to decline in 
Australia. Outstanding household debt growth remains close to its historical 
averages in Western Europe and Japan, but declined in Australia amid higher rates. 
Based on our percentile-based metrics, consumer health stands around P55 in 
n
Japan and the US, followed by the Australia around P50, the Euro area around P45, 
the UK around P40, and Canada around P35. Since we last published the 
dashboard, our overall consumer health proxy deteriorated in most DMs but 
improved in the US. 
1 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

September 2026: Improvement in the US, Slowdown Elsewhere 
 
 
Consumer Snapshot 
 
 
 
Exhibit 1: Balance Sheets Remain a Source of Strength, but Real Income Growth Is Weak 
 
* Percentile is inverted. High percentiles correspond to positive outcomes (e.g., low unemployment). We compute the 
weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to be unchanged 
relative to July when taking the average. We have excluded pension assets from UK net worth in measuring the 
net-worth-to-income ratio as of June 2025, see methodological notes below for further details. We have incorporated 
Morning Consult’s Index of Consumer Sentiment in Canada as of October 2025. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Morning Consult
 
Exhibit 2: Real Income Growth Slowed in the UK, Canada and Japan; US Real Spending 
Growth Was Revised Up in the Q2 GDP Report 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

Consumer Health Trends 
 
 
 
Exhibit 3: Our Consumer Health Indicator Stands Around P55 in the US and P35 in Canada 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to be unchanged relative to July when 
taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 4: Our Consumer Health Indicator Stands Around P45 in the Euro Area and P40 in the UK 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to be unchanged relative to July when 
taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
Spending Indicators 
 
 
Exhibit 5: Our Consumer Health Indicator Stands Around P55 in Japan and P50 in Australia 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to be unchanged relative to July when 
taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 6: Real Spending Growth Edged Up in the US but Ticked Down in Canada 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
 
 
Exhibit 7: Real Retail Sales Growth Ticked Down in Western Europe 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 8: Real Consumption Growth Stands Close to Trend in Japan; Nominal Spending Growth Slowed in Australia 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
 
 
Exhibit 9: Spending On Services Stands Above Trend in the US, In Line or Below Elsewhere 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 10: The Saving Rate Remains Elevated in Western Europe, Canada and Australia but 
Continues to Trend Down in the US 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

Labor-Market Indicators 
 
 
 
Exhibit 11: Since We Last Published the Dashboard, the Unemployment Rate Edged Up by 
0.1pp in Australia and Edged Down by 0.1pp in Japan 
 
*The UK labor force survey has notably low participation rates. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, OECD, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 12: Wage Growth Slowed Sharply in Canada; Indeed Posted Wages Ticked Up in the Euro Area 
 
We consider AHE for total private industries in the US, compensation per employee in the Euro area, contractual earnings index per FT employee in Japan, AWE 
(regular pay) for the whole economy in the UK, the quarterly wage price index in Australia, and average hourly wages of permanent employees in Canada. We 
consider negotiated hourly earnings ex one-off payments in Germany, contractual wages per employee in Italy, agreed wage from collective bargaining in Spain and 
monthly wage incl. special payments from collective bargaining in the Netherlands. The Euro area Indeed posted wage growth is a new indicator of wage growth 
based on wages and salaries posted in Indeed job ads, which is a more timely indicator of wage growth for new hires. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

Consumer Sentiment Indicators 
 
 
 
Exhibit 13: Consumer Sentiment Is Subdued in Most DMs, but Has Recovered to Long-Run Averages in the UK 
 
In each country we consider the most prominent survey-based indicator of consumer confidence. These are the UMich Consumer Sentiment and the Conference 
Board Consumer Confidence in the US, the European Commission Consumer Confidence Indicator in the Euro area, the GfK Consumer Confidence Barometer in the 
UK, the Cabinet Office’s Consumer Confidence Index in Japan, and the Westpac-Melbourne Institute’s Consumer Sentiment Index in Australia. In Canada, we use 
Morning Consult’s Index of Consumer Sentiment (MC ICS) given a lack of data. To construct the Euro Area composite of the MC ICS we take a GDP-weighted average 
of the indices for Germany, France, Italy and Spain. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Morning Consult, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 14: Sentiment Remains Weakest for Low-Income Consumers Who Are Most Exposed to Higher Energy Prices 
 
In each country, we use Morning Consult’s Index of Consumer Sentiment, disaggregated by income. To construct the Euro Area composite of the MC ICS we take a 
GDP-weighted average of the indices for Germany, France, Italy and Spain. The low and high income groups correspond to <$50k and >$100k in the US, <C$40k and 
>C$100k in Canada, <€40k and >€100k in Germany and France, <€30k and >€100k in Italy and Spain, <£40k and >£100k in the UK, <¥6m and >¥12m in Japan and 
<A$60k and >A$125k in Australia. 
 
Source: Morning Consult, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

Financial Indicators 
 
 
 
Exhibit 15: Interest Expenses Ticked Up in Australia from Already Elevated Levels on the Back 
of RBA Rate Hikes 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 16: House Prices Fell in Australia in Q2 
 
We consider the S&P CoreLogic Case-Shiller HPI for existing single-family residential homes in the US, the residential property 
price index by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure Transport and Tourism in Japan, the Hypoport HPI in Germany, the INS HPI 
for houses and apartments in France, the Istat HPI in Italy, the Halifax national HPI for all houses in the UK, the RBA’s mean 
value of residential dwellings in Australia, and the CREA MLS benchmark price in Canada. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
 
 
Exhibit 17: Consumer Credit Growth Stands Below Its Historical Average in the US but Above in Canada 
 
On the right-hand side, we consider consumer credit in the US and household non-mortgage debt in Canada. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 18: Household Debt Growth Stands Close to Historical Averages in Western Europe 
 
On the right-hand side, we consider consumer credit in the Euro area and consumer credit (ex student loans) in the UK. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
Consumer Dashboards 
 
 
Exhibit 19: Household Debt Growth Ticked Down in Australia, Remains Above Historical Averages in Japan 
 
On the right-hand side, we consider consumer credit in Japan and non-mortgage household debt in Australia. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 20: In the US, Household Balance Sheets Remain Healthy and Debt Service Ratios Low 
by Historical Standards, Although Real Income Growth Is Weaker 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to 
be unchanged relative to July when taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
 
 
Exhibit 21: In Canada, Balance Sheets Remain Healthy but Real Income Growth Has 
Deteriorated and Debt Services Ratios Are Low 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to 
be unchanged relative to July when taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 22: In the Euro Area, the Labor Market Remains Tight and Balance Sheets Healthy by 
Historical Standards 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to 
be unchanged relative to July when taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
 
 
Exhibit 23: In the UK, the Labor Market Remains Soft and Sentiment Subdued 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to 
be unchanged relative to July when taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 24: In Japan, the Labor Market Remains Tight and the Net-Worth-to-Income Ratio 
High by Historical Standards 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to 
be unchanged relative to July when taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

 
Exhibit 25: In Australia, the Net-Worth-to-Income Ratio and the Labor Market Remain 
Healthy by Historical Standards, but Debt Service Ratios Have Deteriorated 
 
We compute the weighted average through August. Variables that are not observed or nowcasted for August are assumed to 
be unchanged relative to July when taking the average. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  15
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

Data Appendix 
 
 
For the US, we maintain the framework introduced in our US consumer dashboard. 
1.
Outside of the US, we identify the closest and most timely measures of consumer 
health available in each country. 
Real spending growth: In the US, we consider six-month real personal consumption 
2.
expenditure growth. In the Euro area, the UK, and Canada, we measure 
month-on-month growth in real retail sales. In Canada, the most recent value of real 
retail sales is nowcasted using Statcan’s flash estimates. In Australia, we use the 
monthly nominal spending indicator, deflated by monthly CPI ex. volatile items and 
adjusted for housing costs. In Japan, we consider the average between the real 
consumption activity index and the real consumption trend. To address the volatility 
of monthly moves, we compute the 6-month moving average (6m MA). 
Unemployment: We consider the gap between the monthly unemployment rate and 
3.
OECD NAIRU estimates. In the Euro area and the UK (where furlough schemes limited 
the rise of unemployment during lockdowns), we apply an adjustment for hours 
worked during the pandemic. 
Real income growth: We measure month-on-month growth in real aggregate labor 
4.
earnings combining data, for instance, on hours worked and hourly earnings. Where 
available, we combine this with survey-based measures of household income, which 
help capture fluctuations in non-labor income sources. We again compute the 6m 
MA to address concerns over large swings in month on month data releases. In the 
Euro area and Australia, we consider quarterly growth in real disposable income and 
nowcast it when the most recent quarter is not yet released. 
Consumer confidence: In each country, we consider the most prominent 
5.
survey-based indicator of consumer confidence. These are the UMich Consumer 
Sentiment and the Conference Board Consumer Confidence in the US, the European 
Commission Consumer Confidence Indicator in the Euro area, the GfK Consumer 
Confidence Barometer in the UK, the Cabinet Office’s Consumer Confidence Index in 
Japan, and the Westpac-Melbourne Institute’s Consumer Sentiment Index in 
Australia. In Canada, we use Morning Consult’s Index of Consumer Sentiment, which 
we backcast by projecting onto the US UMich index (which uses a harmonized set of 
questions) given a lack of national data. 
Net worth to income ratio: We consider the ratio of household net worth (inclusive 
6.
of housing) and disposable income. When the observation for the most recent 
quarter is not yet available, we nowcast it with a linear regression model featuring 
predictors available at higher frequency (e.g., changes in home prices and equity 
prices). As of the June 2025 publication we have removed all pension assets from the 
measure of UK net worth in an effort to harmonize the net-worth-to-income ratio 
measures across G10 counterparts. We are comfortable with this change given that 
pension assets are among the most illiquid forms of wealth, and the UK pension 
assets have seen a substantive and persistent devaluation that stood out as an 
outlier when compared to other G10 countries. 
Debt service ratio: We consider the ratio of household interest payments and 
7.
1 October 2026
  16
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

disposable income. When the observation for the most recent quarter is not yet 
available, we nowcast it with a regression model featuring higher frequency 
predictors. 
Real net worth growth: We consider the year-on-year growth rate of real 
8.
household net worth (inclusive of housing). When the observation for the most 
recent quarter is not yet available, we nowcast it with a regression model. As of the 
June 2025 publication we have removed all pension assets from the measure of UK 
net worth in an effort to harmonize the real net worth growth measures across G10 
counterparts. We are comfortable with this change given that pension assets are 
among the most illiquid forms of wealth, and the UK pension assets have seen a 
substantive and persistent devaluation that stood out as an outlier when compared 
to other G10 countries. 
For all components and non-US economies, we plot the percentile rank of each 
9.
observation in the country’s distribution since 2000. In the US, percentiles are 
computed since 1980, consistent with our US consumer dashboard. 
For the unemployment gap and debt service ratio, we consider the inverted 
10.
percentile rank such that high percentiles correspond to positive outcomes (i.e. low 
unemployment gaps and low debt service ratios). 
Weighted average of percentiles: We compute the weighted average of percentiles 
11.
with weights based on frequency, timeliness, and volatility of the indicator. We 
compute the weighted average through June. Variables that are not observed or 
nowcasted for June are assumed to be unchanged relative to May when taking the 
average. The weights are 20% on real spending growth, 20% on the unemployment 
gap, 20% on consumer confidence, 15% on real income growth, 10% on debt service 
ratio, 10% on real net worth growth, and 5% on net worth to income ratio. 
 
The Global Economics Team 
Jan Hatzius 
+1(212)902-0394 
jan.hatzius@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Joseph Briggs 
+1(212)902-2163 
joseph.briggs@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Sarah Dong 
+1(212)357-9741 
sarah.dong@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Megan Peters 
+44(20)7051-2058 
megan.l.peters@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
1 October 2026
  17
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Megan Peters, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced by 
considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Megan Peters Goldman Sachs International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
1 October 2026
  18
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
1 October 2026
  19
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 

marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
1 October 2026
  20
Goldman Sachs
G10 Consumer Dashboard
 
 
