Daniela Costa 
+44(20)7774-8354 | 
daniela.costa@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Ines Lefranc 
+44(20)7051-8710 | 
ines.lefranc@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Joe Ritchie 
+1(212)357-8914 | 
joseph.ritchie@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Mark Delaney, CFA 
+1(212)357-0535 | 
mark.delaney@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Jacqueline Du 
+852-2978-1783 | 
jacqueline.du@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
Multi-Industry: Takeaways from Data Center World
1 October 2026 | 6:27AM BST
We hosted a day of investor meetings at Data Center World in Singapore this 
week. Our trip included booth tours with Alfa Laval, Caterpillar, Cummins 
(unscheduled), Eaton Corp., Honeywell International Inc., INNIO, Schneider 
Electric, Shenzhen Envicool Technology, Vertiv and Wartsila (unscheduled). 
Overall, we note that demand for datacenter equipment remains strong across the 
board with political and environmental pushback not yet having a real impact on the 
ground. Capacity is tight but supply chains seem to be holding up and modularisation 
has emerged as a clear trend crucial for reducing time to market. On 800VDC, 
product launches are generally being targeted for 1H27 with a broader pick up 
expected by the end of 2027/ beginning of 2028. Liquid cooling is expected to be 
crucial for this transition.  
Our key takeaways below and deeper dives into each of our covered companies 
within.  
Demand for datacenter equipment remains strong and capacity is tight but 
n
supply chains are holding up with certain OEMs pre-ordering key 
components well in advance. Alfa Laval and Schneider Electric continue to 
report triple-digit order growth across both training and inference workloads 
while Eaton’s customers are signing 3y capacity agreements (vs previously <1y) 
and INNIO’s customers are reserving slots extending out to 2031. Lead times 
range from 3-4 months for cooling solutions (Alfa Laval, Envicool) and 9-13 
months for low voltage products in the data hall (Honeywell) to 20-24+ months 
for engines (Cummins, INNIO, Wartsila) and 2.5-3 years for high voltage 
transformers. All companies are ramping capacity and for now do not see 
challenges in the supply chain, mitigating potential bottlenecks by pre-ordering 
components well in advance (Vertiv and Eaton) and leveraging local 
manufacturing (Vertiv, Schneider, INNIO, Envicool). 
800VDC product launches are generally being targeted for 1H27 with a 
n
broader pick up in the transition expected by end of 2027/ beginning of 
2028. Eaton, Schneider and Vertiv are developing comprehensive 800VDC 
product portfolios, all of which include solid state transformers (SSTs) and 
sidecars. Eaton targets 2Q27 for first deployment of its 2.5MW MV SST with a 
broader industry-wide adoption in late 2027 and Vertiv expects its sidecars to 
be launched in 1H27. While Schneider anticipates its sidecar to also be 
introduced next year, it expects LV rectifiers to only be deployed in 2028/2029 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 

and SSTs by the end of the decade. During its recent CMD, Legrand similarly said that 
its sidecar would be ready in 2027 while its AI load stabilizer (required for full 
800VDC) would only be ready by 2028 (see our takeaways here). Debates remain 
around where to locate storage (historically at rack level), whether to replace back 
up facility diesel generators with MV UPS or BESS, whether MV UPS will in fact be 
needed in full 800VDC architecture (Eaton believes not), which technology to use for 
load smoothing (Schneider believes sidecars could be) and creation of microgrids for 
the future. 
Liquid cooling is expected to be crucial for 800VDC architecture. Alfa Laval, 
n
Envicool and Schneider all highlighted that liquid cooling will be crucial to sustain 
MW-scale rack loads in 800VDC data centers. Envicool and Vertiv have broad 
offerings comprising cold plates, piping and CDUs while Alfa is the market leader for 
copper-brazed heat exchangers used in CDUs (directly supplying eight of the top ten 
CDU OEMs). Schneider and Eaton have both gained exposure to liquid cooling 
through acquisitions, namely Motivair and Boyd, respectively, both of which are well 
integrated. In particular, Schneider offers prefabricated, high-density liquid-cooled 
AI clusters which combine chillers, CDUs and MV switchgear. 
Engine and turbine OEMs have different product offerings for base load/back up 
n
power but all note high demand and long lead times. Wartsila supplies heavy-duty 
9-24MW gas and/or diesel engines while INNIO’s Jenbacher supplies smaller 
1.8-4.5MW gas engines and Cummins supplies 1-3.25MW diesel engines. In contrast, 
Caterpillar’s solar turbines span 1-38MW. These sizing strategies dictate physical 
installation and delivery models with INNIO’s smaller engines far easier to 
containerize and install vs Wartsila’s heavy-duty units that are not offered in 
containerized formats. Despite these varying product approaches, all companies are 
experiencing unprecedented demand: INNIO has a 15GW order backlog, Cummins 
has 20-24m lead times, Wartsila has >24m lead times and Caterpillar is fully booked 
through 2027. While Wartsila and Caterpillar have decided not to take slot 
reservations, INNIO reports slot reservations extending to 2031. This demand is 
triggering capacity expansions across the board with Caterpillar increasing 
engine/turbine capacity by 3x/2.5x and INNIO tripling its annual Jenbacher 
production capacity. Caterpillar also sees datacenters as most likely having mixed 
engine/turbine/storage solutions. 
Modular solutions are becoming increasingly popular as they reduce complexity 
n
and accelerate time-to-market. Eaton reported that modular systems now 
represent 60-70% of total demand (up from 10-20% in prior years), allowing 
operators to reduce DC construction times to just 1 year (from 2-3y historically). 
Similarly, Vertiv has developed standardized offsite-prefabricated 50 MW modular 
blocks which reduce lead times to 1y. Schneider and Shenzhen Envicool are also 
providing modular solutions where possible to reduce time to market whilst INNIO 
are providing containerised engines (enabled by their smaller size relative to 
Wartsila). By contrast, Honeywell does not offer modular solutions and does not 
think this will take over much of the market given customers will not want to be 
locked in with a single supplier. 
As AI workloads drive up operational criticality of DC infrastructure, 
n
1 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

hyperscalers are bypassing facility managers to secure long-term service 
agreements directly with OEMs. Vertiv highlighted that customers are directly 
locking in 15-20y service agreements to guarantee uptime requirements. Similarly, 
INNIO has secured 20-year service agreements across 100% of its installed base 
yielding revenues that exceed the initial upfront equipment capex. While Wartsila 
also offers comprehensive lifecycle services, it manages its contract durations more 
conservatively, typically limiting agreements to 5-year periods to insulate itself 
against long-term inflationary risks. 
Datacenters are under increasing political and environmental scrutiny but there 
n
has not yet been a real impact on the ground. This is highlighted by localized 
actions such as a two week pause on datacenters in Thailand (mentioned by 
Schneider) and a community-driven project cancellation in Australia (mentioned by 
Wartsila but not a Wartsila project). However, other industry players confirm that 
this political pushback has otherwise not had real impact on the ground. Instead, 
sustainability has catalyzed a push for renewables PPAs, reduced water usage and 
advanced generator technologies. 
1 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

Company-specific takeaways 
 
 
Alfa Laval (covered by Daniela Costa; hosted by Head of Data Centers) 
Alfa has been selling to data centers for 20 years (traditionally supplying large 
gasketed heat exchangers directly to hyperscalers) and has been tracking 
customers more closely for 10 years. Data centers now represent 5-6% of group 
sales and are recording triple digit order growth, with demand seen in both training 
and inference as well as general cloud computing. Even though the company is 
building capacity in line with customer expansion, capacity is very tight and lead times 
span several months; even a 50% market deceleration would not alleviate the fight for 
product supply in the industry. The company does not see datacenter pushback 
impacting the environment and while some projects have been delayed due to power 
constraints, this has been less than originally expected.  
As next generation NVIDIA chips reach thermal limits (measured in heat load per square 
cm), Alfa highlighted the need for direct-to-chip liquid cooling. While Alfa does not 
manufacture cold plates, it is the market leader for copper brazed heat exchangers 
required in CDUs, directly supplying eight of the top ten CDU OEMs (often not 
knowing the end customer as they sell to CDU OEMs). The heat exchangers are neither 
CDU-specific (with CDUs often varying in terms of customization) nor DC-specific (can 
be used in HVAC, heat pumps and O&G). However, unlike gasketed heat exchangers, 
there is no aftermarket for liquid cooling. 
Looking ahead, the company remains coolant-agnostic and expects to capture 
more content from emerging technologies including more developed CDUs for 
higher-MW retrofits, two-phase cooling, cryogenic solutions for quantum computing, 
re-use of rainwater, and waste-heat recovery for district heating.  
Eaton Corp. (covered by Joe Ritchie) 
Eaton showcased its 800VDC portfolio anchored by its MV SST (currently 2.5MW 
and scaling to 5MW) which should be first deployed with a customer in Singapore in 
2Q27, with broader 800VDC adoption picking up in late 2027. The SST is designed to 
lower capital costs by replacing traditional LV UPS and switchgear. Eaton now also offers 
a sidecar for refurbishment (although this has not yet been sold) and believes that MV 
UPS may not be needed for full 800VDC. There has also been an industry shift towards 
prefabricated modular systems that now represent 60-70% of demand (vs 10-20% in 
prior years) and have helped cut data center construction times to 1y (vs historically 
2-3y).  
Market demand remains strong with customers signing 3y capacity agreements (vs 
previously not even 1y) which Eaton does not think includes double-booking. They 
do not see environmental concerns having a real impact on the ground and are also not 
worried about Chinese competition, noting that Chinese OEMs are not even used by 
hyperscalers in Asia given they do not have the service network and uptime guarantee. 
Eaton has been ramping capacity for 4-5 years and does not see any pressure points in 
the supply chain having already pre-bought some long lead time components. Eaton 
sees inflation on components but is passing this through to customers and expects 
pricing to stabilise at some point. 
1 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

Honeywell International Inc. (covered by Joe Ritchie; hosted by Head of Asia Building 
Automation & Head of Global Datacenters) 
Honeywell is now a pure play automation provider and has been investing in new 
products both organically and through M&A with a key focus on data centers. 
Operating with global key accounts representatives and across eight Asian countries, 
Honeywell has been capitalizing on the transition of data centers into power-generating 
assets which increases the value of industrial automation and provides more revenues 
per square meter than traditional buildings. Data hall building automation and power 
island were said to each amount to c.2% of total capex (non-construction costs) while 
general electric is 30% and IT is 50%. Typically, customers look at critical power and 
electrical ordering when 75% of design is completed. Lead times are up to 2.5-3y for 
high voltage transformers and 9-13 months for low voltage products in the data hall. 
Honeywell’s portfolio is concentrated inside the data hall, spanning building 
management systems (vendor-agnostic), power management systems (cooling 
chillers and electrical equipment), physical security/ access controls and fire 
protection (particularly for batteries). Honeywell positions itself as an integrator 
rather than an equipment provider in the grey space and is not involved in white space 
mechanical cooling. Key competitors include Schneider Electric, Siemens and JCI as well 
as Rockwell and Emerson specifically for automation. Honeywell has also partnered with 
LS Electric (not exclusive) to expand its electrical and BESS footprint, aiming to be a 
value-added reseller of their products but to also co-develop software. 
Honeywell highlighted that modular solutions are becoming increasingly popular 
and the company can supply controls and automation for these. However, Honeywell 
does not offer modular solutions themselves and does not think modular will take over 
much of the market given customers do not want to be locked in with only one supplier. 
INNIO (covered by Joe Ritchie; hosted by Head of Asia Sales) 
INNIO supplies gas engines (50% natural gas, 50% biogas/hydrogen) through two 
brands: Jenbacher (five main types of gas engines 0.25-10.4MW) and Waukesha 
(mainly compression engines 1-3MW). The company first sold engines in Asia 30 years 
ago and it now has Japan and Indonesia’s biggest installed base. While it historically 
worked with distributors, INNIO is increasingly selling direct to customers and can do 
engineering, procurement and construction (which they note is a big advantage). It has 
now been selling its Type 6 engines to data centers for 6 years, providing 1.8-4.5MW 
(smaller than Wartsila at 10-30MW but easier to containerize and install) primarily for 
base load power and to a lesser degree back up power.  
INNIO has a 15GW order backlog valued at $7bn (64% BTM) and slot reservations 
extending out to 2031 with demand coming from colocators and IPPs in the US 
(including Volta Grid) as well as from grid balancing of renewables in 
Germany/Brazil. The company is tripling its annual Jenbacher production capacity from 
1,500 engines produced in 2025 (including 200 type 3, 200 type 4, 1000 type 6 and 120 
type 9) to 4,500 by 2030 (including 2000 type 6 in Austria and 1000 in US). This will 
involve doubling its Austrian manufacturing capacity (where all key components are 
made) as well as expanding US production. INNIO does not see any changes in customer 
behavior with these recent capacity announcements. In the US, INNIO primarily sells 
direct to customer and has 100% market share in several datacenter power ranges, 
highlighting that it has been difficult for Chinese players to enter. Pricing per MW 
1 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

depends a lot on scope which itself differs between regions but INNIO disclosed that 
J620 at 3.5mW typically stands at $4mn.  
INNIO’s 20y service agreements (which they currently have on 100% of installed 
base) generate recurring revenues that significantly exceed initial upfront 
equipment capex. This typically involves 10y of maintenance every 80,000 operating 
hours then major overhauls done typically three times for an engine. 
Schneider Electric (covered by Daniela Costa) 
Schneider Electric’s data center business is now close to 30% of sales and growing 
fast, with triple digit order growth and double digit sales growth. Over 60% of DC 
revenues come from North America, while the rest is evenly split between Europe, South 
Asia and China. Globally, they see 65% of new builds dedicated to AI workloads although 
the shift towards AI loads has been progressive, with Asia seeing more inference/less 
training and more collocation customers. Schneider has not seen supply chain challenges 
for the moment, nothing that, while the US may have had memory challenges, the 
company has extra stock and this has not impacted RoW. There has been increased 
political focus on the industry (exemplified by 2w pause on DCs in Thailand) and 
sustainability is top-of-mind, marked by a push for renewables PPA and reduced water 
usage. However, these pushbacks have not impacted Schneider and moratoriums 
provide time to clean up backlog. 
Operating on a regional hub model, Schneider helps customers design, build and 
maintain datacenters, tailoring equipment for local requirements while also providing 
modular solutions where possible to reduce time to market. On the software front, 
Schneider has been partnering with NVIDIA to develop full 3D data center digital 
twins that can test architectural changes before physical implementation. This 
leverages Schneider’s Aveva, ETAP and Power SCADA softwares with NVIDIA’s 
Omniverse. On the hardware front, the company offers primary and secondary MV 
switchgear (and is scaling its non-SF6 switchgear for increased sustainability) as well as 
the most compact UPS on the market. Schneider’s 800VDC roadmap features its 
industry-first 660kV sidecar prototype (to be deployed next year), followed by LV 
rectifiers (expected for 2028/29) and SSTs (only by the end of the decade). Schneider 
highlights circuit breakers as very important (similarly to our data center expert call). 
Various debates on 800VDC include where to locate storage (historically at rack level), 
whether to replace back up facility diesel generators with MV UPS or BESS, which 
technology to use for load smoothing (currently LV UPS but for VDC could be sidecar) 
and creation of microgrids for the future. On cooling, integration of Motivair is 
developing well (with manufacturing in all regions) and Schneider now offers 
prefabricated high density liquid-cooled AI clusters (including chillers, CDUs and MV 
switchgear) which consume less water than traditional air-cooling (big focus in the 
industry).  
Shenzhen Envicool Technology (covered by Jacqueline Du) 
Envicool offers NVIDIA-certified air and liquid cooling solutions (including cold 
plates, piping and CDUs) and expects 800VDC architecture to rely on liquid cooling. 
They also provide modular solutions globally and energy storage solutions in the US. 
Products are mostly manufactured in China and Thailand as well as Dallas with lead 
times currently at 3-4 months. Envicool differentiates itself from Vertiv (its biggest 
1 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

competitor) on pricing, product customization and lead times (enabled by Chinese 
supply chains) and has been gaining market share in Asia.  
Vertiv (covered by Mark Delaney; hosted by Head of Asia Strategic Accounts) 
Vertiv’s data center portfolio spans power, thermal and service solutions (vs most 
peers with 1-2 products) and serves hyperscalers, emerging neoclouds and 
colocators. The company is getting engaged much earlier in the design process than 
typical procurement (at around 12m before the decision to build is made) and is trying 
to move the business more towards a pipeline model rather than acting 
project-by-project.  
To address rising project complexities and time-to-market demands, Vertiv works 
with general contractors on shell buildings while standardizing 
offsite-prefabricated, plug-and-play 50 MW modular blocks which maximise Vertiv’s 
share of wallet and reduce lead times (12m time to market). Vertiv is trying to stay ahead 
of supply chain constraints by pre-purchasing key components 2-3y in advance and by 
localising its manufacturing footprint (with recent additions to cooling capacity in 
Malaysia and capability enhancements in Australia and Japan). As criticality of AI 
infrastructure increases, customers are securing 15-20y service agreements directly 
with OEMs rather than facility managers. Vertiv has 5300 service engineers and leads 
on liquid cooling service, noting that the current build cycle is creating an enormous 
installed base for them.  
Vertiv is actively developing SSTs and an 800VDC portfolio, with sidecars expected 
to launch in 1H27 (they are currently talking to data centers that will be 800VDC in 2y 
time).  Vertiv highlights that while the industry has broadened in number of players, it is 
bifurcating into a few full-suite companies with deep expertise. 
1 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Daniela Costa, Ines Lefranc, Joe Ritchie, Mark Delaney, CFA and Jacqueline Du, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report 
accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our 
compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Daniela Costa Goldman Sachs International, Ines Lefranc Goldman Sachs International, Joe Ritchie Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 
Mark Delaney, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Jacqueline Du Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
1 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
1 October 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
1 October 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 

All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
1 October 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Multi-Industry
 
 
