Article | 1 October 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  1 October 2026
  FX
FX Daily: Dollar is on a roll
The dollar remains very well bid and the DXY dollar index is close to the
highs of the year. Yesterday s softer-than-expected August US PCE
inflation data barely put a dent in Fed tightening expectations, perhaps
because US activity data continues to come in on the encouraging
side. EUR/USD is testing the lows of the year and looks vulnerable
The dollar is testing the highs of the year and could go higher
USD: Activity data backs up the Fed's hawkish position
The DXY dollar index is testing the highs of the year at 101.80. Dollar debasement fears have
been set aside for now as the cyclical story takes centre stage. Here the US economy is
performing reasonably well and the market prices the need for the Fed to take policy into
restrictive territory. Even a seemingly more docile US PCE inflation print for August, released
yesterday, did not depress short-dated US interest rates for long. For example, the one-month
USD OIS rate priced one year forward briefly came off 5bp on the data release, but had
retraced the entirety of that dip by the end of the US session. Firming up the view that the Fed
will need to tighten again has been the activity side, where consumer spending data is holding
up and there are even signs that payroll growth is accelerating again – this from the monthly
ADP report released yesterday. All eyes will once again be on tomorrow's September nonfarm
payrolls release.
Today, the US focus will be on the weekly initial claims data and the ISM manufacturing data.

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
2
The sense is that the AI investment boom is seeping into broader parts of the US economy and
a healthy 55 headline reading is expected for the index, alongside firm prices paid, new orders
and employment figures.
Also on the calendar are a raft of Fed speakers. The only Fed voters speaking today are Neel
Kashkari (1330CET) and Chris Waller (1600CET). Kashkari is now a noted hawk, but Waller's
remarks should be more interesting should he stray away from today's subject of Fed
economic data and into the realms of monetary policy.  
Barring some breakthrough in US-Iran negotiations, it looks like the dollar will stay bid in
October. For reference, DXY has appreciated in seven of the last 10 Octobers. Expect DXY to
remain bid in a 101.50-101.80 range today, but an upside breakout is a possibility should
tomorrow's US data surprise on the upside or should the sell-off in European government debt
start to heavily weigh on the euro (see below).
Chris Turner 
GBP: The Burnham bounce?
EUR/GBP has come noticeably lower this week. One could argue that independent euro
weakness is starting to emerge here given that the usual hedge for eurozone
political/budgetary risk, EUR/CHF, is being heavily driven by the rate spread story. But at the
same time, we have heard a powerful speech from UK Prime Minister Andy Burnham in which
he said he wants to formally start a debate on whether the UK should be moving much closer
to Europe – including potentially pushing to rejoin the EU after the next election (due by 2029
at the latest). Whether a Labour win in that election would be enough or a separate
referendum to rejoin would be required remains to be seen. 
Any move by the UK to rejoin the EU would likely be seen as a positive by the foreign exchange
market, having witnessed sterling's crash following the Brexit vote in 2016. Obviously, we are
years away from any clarity here, but let's see whether sterling catches a bid into a supposed
UK-EU summit due around 20 November.
Chris Turner
EUR: French debt sell-off must be a concern
As yet, it is hard to identify that the sell-off in French debt is being priced into the euro.
EUR/USD has been driven to the lows of the year by the hawkish reassessment of Fed policy
rather than any independent euro weakness. But the French OAT-German Bund spread
widening so quickly to +127bp is quite an alarming move – potentially adding some risk
premium into the euro as well as constraining the ECB's tightening cycle.
That OAT-Bund spread will be in focus today now that the French government has presented

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
3
its plan to save EUR54bn and target a budget deficit at 5.0% of GDP next year. Have a look at a
useful piece on this subject here. 
On the subject of the ECB, we hear from Joachim Nagel, Christine Lagarde and Isabel Schnabel
among others today. Expect them to hold the hawkish line for the time being, but the chances
of the ECB 'out-hawking' the Fed seem slim at this stage.  
1.1300/1320 may feel like the bottom of the range in EUR/USD. But if the OAT-Bund spread
widens much further and US data stays strong, we will have to prepare for a drop into the
1.11-12 area.
Chris Turner
CEE: Inflation clues and Romania’s market test
Poland’s September inflation rose from 3.4% to 4.0% yesterday, in line with expectations. The
details offer two key takeaways: we estimate that core inflation eased from 3.3% to 3.0-3.1%,
while food prices stabilised after five months of decline. Softer core inflation gives the National
Bank of Poland room to wait, supporting our economists’ view that the first rate hike will come
only early next year. Still, November will be pivotal, as the central bank’s new forecasts could
open the first window for a hike. The stabilisation in food prices also offers a signal for next
week’s inflation releases in the Czech Republic and Hungary, where food prices, as in Poland,
have kept inflation lower this year.
Today, we are watching PMI data across CEE, which have shown relatively resilient industrial
sentiment since the US-Iran conflict began. In Romania, another attempt to form a
government failed yesterday, after which the president said he would select the next
candidate on 5 October. Despite no clear path to a new government, markets remain stable.
EUR/RON slipped from 5.280 towards 5.270 yesterday as part of a broader global relief rally.
The key test, however, will be S&P’s sovereign rating review on Friday.
Frantisek Taborsky

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
4
Author
Chris Turner
Global Head of Markets and Regional Head of Research for UK & CEE
chris.turner@ing.com
Frantisek Taborsky
EMEA FX & FI Strategist
frantisek.taborsky@ing.com
Francesco Pesole
FX Strategist
francesco.pesole@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
