Article | 1 October 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  1 October 2026
  CREDIT   RATES   TMT   AI
To what extent is the rise in long-dated
rates attributable to AI?
Probably 20% of the total influence. And of that, 70% reflects
productivity and 25% is AI issuance. It s a view based absolutely on what
the numbers say, but in the end it s a judgement call (as objective as
doable, overlaid with a large dollop of subjectivity)
AI issuance pressure is having an impact on long-end rates, but so are inflation and fiscal deficits
The spending piece has a small, but not an inconsequential
impact
There are three basic AI components to account for, namely:
1. The spending piece,
2. The capital markets piece, and
3. The productivity piece.
The spending piece is relatively straightforward, as it's a straight accounting in GDP. My
colleague James Knightley has dealt with this in detail here. Basically, AI accounts for a third of
current economic growth. The link here with rates is the tendency for higher growth to be

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
2
loosely associated with higher rates. However, given that the economy outside of AI is less
dynamic, the AI piece is more of a filler than anything else.
The capital markets issuance piece has a more pursuasive
impact
The capital markets piece is more complex. ING's Jan Frederik Slijkerman did a deep dive into
this space recently; it's here. For 2026, he identifies TMT as a meaningful driver of additional
corporate issuance in the US, and something similar in Europe. Jan Frederik goes on to argue
that, while technology companies fund the bulk of their investments from operating cash
flows, their rapidly increasing capital spending is weighing on corporate savings rates. As
annual investment moves towards US$1 trillion, and a chunk of this is refinancing, the
prognosis ahead is for issuance volumes to remain elevated. So what you see in 2026 should
at least be repeated in 2027 and beyond.
My colleagues Timothy Rahill and Marine Leleux have crunched the latest corporate supply
numbers for the US and Europe. They note that year-to-date USD corporate issuance has hit
US$878bn, exceeding full-year corporate issuance recorded in every year from 2021 through
to 2024, and running 54% above the same period last year. The increase is driven by TMT,
tripling to US$330bn. They also note that issuers have favoured the long end of the curve.
Year-to-date issuance in maturities of 17 years and longer totals US$235bn, making it the
largest maturity bucket, ahead of 9–12 year tenors (US$219bn).
Equivalent issuance along the 10yr to 30yr part of the US Treasury curve sums to US$340bn.
That’s unchanged versus the previous year. If we factor in buybacks, they are running at some
US$20bn above last year. So the swing factor from a US Treasuries perspective is an effective
reduction in net issuance of the aforementioned US$20bn. Contrast that with long-dated
investment-grade corporate issuance, which is running up US$55bn compared with last year.
Adding the two together, we have an overall 'delta' of some US$75bn (calculated as a
US$55bn increase in corporate long-dated issuance versus a US$20bn increase in long-end
Treasury buybacks for 2026). In other words, long-dated issuance pressure has been skewed
towards corporates and away from US Treasuries. We’d not consider this in any way
destabilising. But it’s absolutely a factor to take into account.
Long-dated corporate supply surges, led by TMT
A US$75bn swing in relative long-end corporate issuance versus Treasuries

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
3
Source: ING Research
It’s always difficult to put a basis point implication of this on long dates, but it’s tough to argue
that this is not a contributing factor. Even with less corporate issuance outside the AI space for
2026, aggregate corporate issuance is still well up, and with a longer duration tilt to boot.
These AI-spend players have also chosen to issue bonds in place of bank borrowing in order to
get the required size and duration. The bank avenue would have meant banks' funding is much
shorter (traditional bank duration mismatch). Bank lending is up, but nowhere near the same
scale of the increase in bond issuance. So, either way, back ends are feeling more pressure
than they would for long-dated funding.
That all being said, the market has remained quite receptive to AI and wider corporate
issuance. New issue premiums have tended to be higher for longer duration / AI-related
issuance, but in the 10bp area they are far from tipping the long end over the edge.
The productivity piece pushes in the same direction, but more
mythical in nature
The productivity revolution that AI promises should enhance the productive capacity of both
capital and labour. It's actually difficult to glean this from observed outcomes, but
theoretically, productivity enhancement should correlate with upward pressure on real yields.
The theoretical chain here is from higher productivity to higher expected return on capital to
higher investment spending financed through higher issuance, in turn commanding higher real
rates. And in terms of the productivity of labour, it's difficult to argue that productivity is not
significantly enhanced for knowledge-based activities and for customer support, and
especially in coding generally.
The dot.com boom, from the late 1990s into 2000, has echoes in the AI one that we see today.
The 10yr real yield was at 4% back then. And that 4% real yield coincided with a 10yr Treasury
yield at comfortably over 6%. Arguably, the productivity story today is even more persuasive
than it was back then. The current 10yr real yield is 2.9%. And the 10yr nominal yield is at

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
4
5.2%. So we're still at least 100bp below the levels we saw back in 2000. Whether we like it or
not, rises in real yields for productivity reasons should be construed as higher yields for
'positive' reasons.
A suggested breakout of influences from AI
Here's a suggested breakdown of the pure AI impact.
1. About 5% from the spending piece
2. About 25% from the issuance piece
3. About 70% from the productivity piece
But we can't leave it here, as AI is not the only influencer for long-dated rates. In fact, we'd
argue that two other drivers – inflation and fiscal deficits – have been more impactful.
It's far from all about the AI impact, as holistically we
have inflation and fiscal deficit factors too
It's tough to paint a picture of long rates without incorporating the classic influences of
inflation and fiscal deficits.  
On the US fiscal deficit issue specifically, the emphasis is on the narrative and painting
a picture of debt dynamics. Back in 2024, we did a US special on this. See it here. ING's
Carsten Brzeski, James Knightley and James Smith recently penned a wider update
here. The fly in the ointment here is that US Treasury issuance is no higher this year
than last, and the same can be said of the fiscal deficit in cash terms. Instead, the
market is concerned with the lack of US congressional ambition to undertake measures
to improve the path for debt dynamics. Hence, the importance of the 'narrative' does
not improve for the foreseeable future.
The inflation profile is also key. The pandemic shocked developed markets back into
inflation generation capability, and the Iran war and energy price spikes have juiced
things up again. At the same time, where we are now for the US long yields is no more
than a return to slightly above normal, by about 50bp in the 10yr. See more here on
what that is all about. Ahead, we have inflation remaining sticky to the upside for 2026,
before easing lower for 2027. 

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
5
What's driving higher long-end yields?
Source: ING Research
The final breakout is as follows:
1. Inflation profile = 50%
2. Fiscal deficit narrative = 30% 
3. AI piece = 20%
Contain inflation, and we go a long way to containing market rates. Deficits mean
supply, and that's an important ongoing influencer. And AI? Well, it's more the
'good' (productivity) than the 'bad' (issuance) that impacts. And the ugly? Well, that's
inflation. Even though break-even expectations have remained contained, printed
inflation has not. For the second quarter, the US GDP deflator (effectively inflation) was
4.4%, and nominal GDP rose by 6.6%. The current 10yr yield at 5.2% is not out of kilter
with that. For more on the prognosis ahead, see here and here.

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 1 October 2026
6
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Jan Frederik Slijkerman
Senior Sector Strategist, TMT
jan.frederik.slijkerman@ing.com
Timothy Rahill
Credit Strategist
timothy.rahill@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
