Economics
U.S. Economics
The Daily Froth: September Payrolls Preview
September 24, 2026
Next week's September payrolls is the only jobs report before the October FOMC, but it likely won't be meaningful
enough to swing market expectations before the meeting. We're forecasting September nonfarm payrolls
growth of 70k vs. the 104k consensus estimate, 0.28% MoM average hourly earnings, and an increase in the
unemployment rate to 4.2%. After recent volatility in local government and leisure hiring, payrolls should stabilize
toward their underlying trend and our estimate of breakeven.
With all the focus being on the inflation data, it would take a large surprise to move market expectations for the
Fed. We estimate that payrolls would need to print below 20k or the unemployment rate would need to rise above
4.3% to materially trim market expectations for Fed tightening. A print in the 20-120k range or an unemployment
rate between 4.05-4.24% would likely have little impact on market pricing, again underscoring the need for a large
surprise.
We're forecasting September nonfarm payrolls growth of 70k, below the 104k consensus estimate. We estimate
private payrolls to grow 80k, and government hiring to fall by -10k. We think the strong August print was partly some
payback from weaker readings in prior months, but that volatility should fade by now, putting job growth closer to trend
and our estimate of breakeven.
-80
-60
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
80
Jan '26
Feb '26
Mar '26
Apr '26
May '26
Jun '26
Jul '26
Aug '26
Employment: Local Govt and Leisure & Hospitality, 
MoM
Local Govt
Leisure & Hospitality
Source: Wolfe Research, Haver Analytics, as of Aug 31, 2026
The August number was also boosted by unusually favorable seasonal adjustments, which is one other reason that we
think the full extent of last month's strength was more of a quirk and this month could be more moderate.
Stephanie Roth
sroth@wolferesearch.com
646-582-9350
View Stephanie’s Research
Felipe Montoya
fmontoya@wolferesearch.com
646-582-9352
Fiona Van Der Steur
fvandersteur@wolferesearch.com
646-582-9353
 
This report is limited solely for Wolfe Research’s clients. Please see analyst certifications and important disclosures
beginning on page 3.
www.wolferesearch.com
Please help us protect your advantage...
DO NOT FORWARD
Page 1 of 4

September 24, 2026
-100
-50
0
50
100
150
200
250
'00
'02
'04
'06
'08
'10
'12
'14
'16
'18
'20
'22
'24
'26
August Total Nonfarm Payrolls: NSA minus SA
Thous
Source: Wolfe Research, Haver Analytics, as of Aug 31, 2026
Seasonals depress
Seasonals boost
For the industry breakdown, we're looking for continued strength in cyclical industries like construction and
manufacturing, which have been bright spots in the data. Among AI-exposed industries, while professional and business
services have seen decent gains, tech and finance continue to struggle.
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
Dec '24
Mar '25
Jun '25
Sep '25
Dec '25
Mar '26
Jun '26
Construction Hiring SA, 3mo Avg
Construction of buildings
Heavy & Civil Engineering
Resi Trade Contractor
Nonresi Trade Contractor
Total
Source: Wolfe Research, Haver Analytics, as of Aug 31, 2026
We estimate a 0.28% MoM growth in average hourly earnings, roughly in line with consensus for 0.3%. Our forecast
implies an unchanged 3.1% YoY reading, still below the Fed's preferred 3.5-4.0% range for wage inflation. We're
monitoring the wage picture to confirm any signs of labor market tightening, but it's been surprisingly soft in recent
months.
We expect the unemployment rate to increase slightly to 4.17% (from 4.14%), rounding up to 4.2%. Although last
month's data reflected some payback from prior declines in the labor force, we still view the Household Survey as noisy
and expect further normalization from the moves over the summer.
 
www.wolferesearch.com
Please help us protect your advantage...
DO NOT FORWARD
Page 2 of 4

September 24, 2026
DISCLOSURE SECTION
Analyst Certification:
The various Wolfe Research, LLC analysts who are primarily responsible for this research report certify that (i) the
recommendations and opinions expressed in this research report accurately reflect the research analysts’ personal views
about the subject securities or issuers and (ii) no part of the research analysts’ compensation was, is or will be directly
or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.
Other Disclosures:
Wolfe Research Securities and Wolfe Research, LLC have adopted the use of Wolfe Research and The Wolfe Daily Howl
as brand names. Wolfe Research Securities, a member of FINRA (www.finra.org) and the National Futures Association
(www.NFA.futures.org), is the broker-dealer affiliate of Wolfe Research, LLC. Wolfe Research Advisors, LLC is an SEC
registered Investment Adviser affiliate of Wolfe Research, LLC. The Research Department of Wolfe Research, LLC
produces and distributes research to clients of Wolfe Research, LLC, Wolfe Research Advisors, LLC, and Wolfe Research
Securities. Any analysts publishing these reports are associated with Wolfe Research, LLC, Wolfe Research Advisors,
LLC, and Wolfe Research Securities.
The Wolfe Daily Howl, Monthly Controversies Report, and Highlight Note are subscription-based products for
Institutional investor subscribers only and are products of Wolfe Research, LLC. The Wolfe Daily Howl may contain
previously published research which have been repackaged for Wolfe Daily Howl subscribers. Wolfe Research, LLC,
its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, and agents will not be liable for any investment decisions made or actions
taken by you or others based on any news, information, opinion, or any other material published through this service.
The content of this report is to be used solely for informational purposes and should not be regarded as an offer, or a
solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell a security, financial instrument or service discussed herein or to participate in any
particular trading strategy in any jurisdiction. Opinions and information in this communication constitutes the current
judgment of the authors as of the date and time of this report and are subject to change without notice. Information herein
is believed to be reliable based upon publicly available data but Wolfe Research, LLC, and its affiliates, including but not
limited to Wolfe Research Securities and Wolfe Research Advisors, LLC, make no representation that it is complete or
accurate. Wolfe Research Analysts publish research reports at the frequency and intervals they deem appropriate while
taking into consideration regulatory restricted periods. The information provided in this communication is not designed
to replace a recipient's own decision-making processes for assessing a proposed transaction or investment involving
a financial instrument discussed herein. Recipients in possession of this report, who are not institutional investors or
market professionals, must seek financial advice from their financial advisor regarding the appropriateness of investing
in a security or financial instrument referred to in this report and should understand that statements regarding the future
performance of the financial instruments or the securities referenced herein may not be realized. Past performance is
not indicative of future results. The price of securities or investments discussed in this report and any income associated
with them may change. Changes in exchange rates could have adverse effects on the price or income received from
certain investments. This report is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any location where
such distribution or use would be contrary to applicable law, or which would subject Wolfe Research, LLC, or any of its
affiliates to any registration requirement within such location. For current additional important disclosures, please see
https://www.WolfeResearch.com/Disclosures or contact Wolfe Research Compliance at 757 3rd Avenue, 6th floor, New
York, NY 10017 Attention: Compliance.
The views expressed in Wolfe Research, LLC research reports with regard to sectors and/or specific companies may
from time to time be inconsistent with the views implied by inclusion of those sectors and companies in other Wolfe
 
www.wolferesearch.com
Please help us protect your advantage...
DO NOT FORWARD
Page 3 of 4

September 24, 2026
Research, LLC analysts’ research reports and modeling screens. Wolfe Research, LLC communicates with clients across
a variety of mediums of the clients’ choosing including emails, voice blasts, and electronic publication to our proprietary
website. This report is simultaneously available to all clients. Facts and views in Wolfe Research, LLC research reports
and notes have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect, information known to, professionals in other Wolfe Research,
LLC affiliates or business areas, including investment banking personnel.
The research provided in this report may focus on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does
not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or performance of, or provide analysis of, individual stocks within any
market, industry or sector we describe. Any trading recommendation in this report relating to an equity, or securities
within a market, industry or sector is in accordance with an investment theme and is not a recommendation of any
security in isolation.
This report is limited for the sole use of clients of Wolfe Research, LLC, Wolfe Research Securities and Wolfe Research
Advisors, LLC which have been given permission prior to such use. Any distribution of the content produced by Wolfe
Research, LLC will violate the understanding of the terms of our relationship.
Copyright © Wolfe Research, LLC 2026. All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically
indicated otherwise, is under copyright to Wolfe Research, LLC. None of the material, nor its content, nor any copy
of it, may be altered in any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any other party, without the prior express written
permission of Wolfe Research, LLC.
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, evaluate, modify, reformat, print and retrieve the information only for your
internal business purposes, and only on your own private and secure system. You cannot resell or reverse engineer the
information, create derivative works or any data, commercial products or other offerings, or calculate or develop any
index for disclosure and/or marketing without the express prior written consent of Wolfe Research. You cannot publish,
transmit, alter, copy, forward, distribute, share, or reproduce the information in any format, or make the information
available in any form or by any means to any third parties, without the express prior written consent of Wolfe Research.
These restrictions include, without limitation: (i) using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole
or in part, to train, develop or finetune any artificial intelligence (which includes predictive software or algorithms, neural
networks, machine learning models, large language models and similar technology), or to provide or reproduce this
information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any such artificial intelligence; and (ii) content scraping, automated
processing, or any other means of disclosure or redistribution. Accessing or reviewing the information constitutes
your agreement to adhere to these terms and the stated permissions and restrictions. Electronic research reports are
distributed simultaneously to all clients. The licenses provided are revocable at the sole discretion of Wolfe Research
and the content providers.
 
www.wolferesearch.com
Please help us protect your advantage...
DO NOT FORWARD
Page 4 of 4
