Megan Peters 
+44(20)7051-2058 | 
megan.l.peters@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Joseph Briggs 
+1(212)902-2163 | 
joseph.briggs@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Global Economics Comment: Who Would Be Exposed to a Ban on US 
Diesel Exports?
2 October 2026 | 2:06AM BST
Refined product margins have widened significantly since March, and the threat 
n
of a US diesel export ban has raised concerns around further price increases. In 
this Global Economics Comment, we analyze how a ban on US diesel exports could 
impact growth and inflation across global economies. 
Our commodities team estimates that a US diesel ban would lower retail diesel 
n
prices by $0.25/gallon per week of export bans, implying a modest 2-3bp drag 
on headline US inflation after a month. But this small decline in inflation would 
likely reverse and ultimately turn inflationary for consumers after roughly two 
months, since our commodity strategists estimate that each week of a diesel 
export ban would raise US retail gasoline prices by $0.3/gallon once diesel 
storage capacity is exhausted. 
A US diesel export ban could theoretically pose downside growth risks in Latin 
n
America in the very near term. Using global input-output tables, we estimate that 
a sudden cutoff of US supply could lower GDP by around 1% in Latin America, 
although these effects would be dampened by inventory buffers and increased 
exports from the rest of the world. Outside of the Americas, even a sudden loss 
of US supply would have small direct effects on activity given less reliance on 
imports from the US and the likely quick reallocation from low- to 
high-value-add uses. 
Supply will likely adjust quickly given the global nature of diesel markets, so in 
n
practice the main global economic impacts will come from higher diesel prices. 
Using input-output tables to evaluate consumption basket exposures, we 
estimate that each sustained 10% increase in diesel prices raises global headline 
inflation by 0.1pp and core inflation by 0.03pp, with larger effects in EM Asia and 
Europe. Under our commodity strategists forecast that ex-US diesel prices would 
rise by around 2% for each week an export ban is in place, effects of this size 
would emerge after about a month.
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 

Who Would Be Exposed to a Ban on US Diesel Exports? 
 
 
Refined product margins have widened significantly since March. Diesel has been 
especially affected, reflecting highly inelastic demand due to its importance in industrial 
supply chains and ongoing strikes on refineries in the Middle East and Russia. Wholesale 
prices have increased by over 90% in Europe and over 80% in the US and Asia since the 
start of the war in Iran (Exhibit 1). 
 
The threat of a US diesel export ban raises further upside price risks and shortage risks 
in the most exposed economies. In this Global Economics Comment, we leverage our 
commodities’ team’s recent analysis to assess how a ban would likely affect growth and 
inflation across global economies. 
In the very near term, a US diesel ban would put downward pressure on prices in the US, 
with our commodities team estimating a $0.25/gallon price reduction (or just under 4% 
of the current price) per week of export bans, implying a modest 2-3bp drag on headline 
US inflation after a month and a 4-5bp drag after two months. But this small decline in 
inflation would likely reverse and ultimately turn inflationary after roughly two months, 
since our commodity strategists estimate that each week of a diesel export ban would 
raise US retail gasoline prices by $0.3/gallon per week once diesel storage capacity is 
exhausted after 9-10 weeks. 
The upside to gasoline prices would be smaller if refiners can switch more from diesel to 
gasoline or if diesel demand rises sharply. But gasoline accounts for a much larger share 
of the consumption basket, so the net impact would most likely be inflationary after two 
months (left chart, Exhibit 2). Core inflation impacts would likely remain small but 
negative for at least 12 weeks, reflecting the relatively greater importance of diesel as an 
intermediate input in production and delayed pass-through from producer costs to 
consumer prices (right chart, Exhibit 2). 
 
Exhibit 1: Refined Product Margins Have Widened Sharply 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 

 
A US diesel export ban could lead to some challenges in countries that are highly 
exposed to US supply in the near term. In Exhibit 3, we assess exposure by computing 
the share of diesel demand met by US imports. We find that Latin America would be 
most exposed to a US ban on diesel exports, with imports from the US accounting for 
over 50% of diesel consumption for Ecuador, Chile, Mexico, and Peru. Elsewhere, the 
direct exposure to US diesel is more limited, with minimal exposure for most countries in 
our coverage. 
 
To size the potential near-term growth impact from a sudden cutoff of US supply, we 
leverage the EXIOBASE input-output (I-O) tables. On the left-hand side of Exhibit 4, we 
measure global gross value added exposure by calculating the share of output at risk if 
 
Exhibit 2: A US Diesel Ban Would Put Downward Pressure on Diesel Prices, but Upward Pressure on Gasoline Prices Once 
Diesel Storage Runs Out 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 3: Latin America Would Be Most Exposed to a Diesel Export Ban 
 
 
Source: US Energy Information Administration, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 

each downstream sector were constrained in proportion to its direct and indirect diesel 
consumption. We similarly find that Latin America is most exposed, with US diesel 
accounting for 0.9% of gross value added in Mexico, and 0.8% in the rest of the region, 
but less than 0.1% elsewhere. 
We see some upside to the growth hit implied by our gross value added calculations, 
however, since diesel has limited substitutes in many industrial applications. To assess 
this risk, we leverage our model of bottlenecks/supply shortages. In the model, we 
assume that there are no substitutes for these products or inventory buffers, but that 
supply is reallocated towards its most productive uses within a country. Under this 
assumption, the growth hit falls close to zero in most economies but remains sizable in 
Mexico and Latin America more broadly (right chart, Exhibit 4), although these effects 
would likely be dampened by inventory buffers and increased exports from the rest of 
the world.  
 
Any outright supply disruptions will likely be short-lived given the global nature of diesel 
markets and supply, so in practice the main economic impacts on other countries will 
come from rising diesel prices. To quantify the inflation impact of higher diesel prices, in 
Exhibit 5 we again use the global input-output tables to quantify the content of 
consumer spending accounted for both directly and indirectly by diesel. Under our 
standard assumption that 50% of the wholesale price increases are passed through to 
retail prices, we estimate that each 10% increase in diesel prices raises global headline 
inflation by 0.1pp and core inflation by 0.03pp, with larger effects on headline inflation 
in Europe and larger effects on core inflation in Asia (mostly reflecting a more intense 
use of diesel for transportation). 
 
Exhibit 4: A Complete Loss of US Diesel Supply Would Have Larger Impacts in Latin America, Especially Mexico, but More 
Limited Effects Elsewhere 
 
 
Source: EXIOBASE, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 

 
Under our commodity strategists’ forecast that ex-US diesel prices would rise by around 
2% for each week an export ban is in place, effects close to those shown in Exhibit 5 
would emerge after about a month, with a somewhat longer lag for core inflation. 
However, ultimate pass-through would depend heavily on local policy responses: our 
Asia economics team has highlighted that subsidies, price controls, and administered 
pricing produce wide variations in energy-price pass-through across the region, while 
many governments globally have temporarily reduced fuel excise duties in response to 
the shock. The price increases shown in Exhibit 5 would likely create a modest near-term 
headwind to spending and GDP unless the ban remained in place for an extended 
period. 
Megan Peters 
Joseph Briggs 
 
 
Exhibit 5: Each 10% Increase in Diesel Prices Raise Global Headline Inflation by 0.1pp, With Larger Effects in Europe, and 
Global Core Inflation by 0.03pp, With Larger Effects in Asia 
 
 
Source: EXIOBASE, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
The Global Economics Team 
Jan Hatzius 
+1(212)902-0394 
jan.hatzius@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Joseph Briggs 
+1(212)902-2163 
joseph.briggs@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Sarah Dong 
+1(212)357-9741 
sarah.dong@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Megan Peters 
+44(20)7051-2058 
megan.l.peters@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
2 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Megan Peters and Joseph Briggs, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views, which have not 
been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Megan Peters Goldman Sachs International, Joseph Briggs Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
2 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 

available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
2 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 

marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
2 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Comment
 
 
