GS McGeoch - GS Materials Oct 2 Copper, Oil, Gold, feedback
from road and the Return of the Tangibles. 2 Oct 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
2 Oct 2026
DXY 101.88 CNH 6.70 10YR 5.24 Gold 4179 Copper 14,289 Oil 101.59 Commods metals traders call
yday - Copper, Ali, Nickel - REPLAY here. - SXPP post the
DXY 101.88 CNH 6.70 10YR 5.24 Gold 4179 Copper 14,289 Oil 101.59
Commods metals traders call yday - Copper, Ali, Nickel - REPLAY here. - SXPP post the summer run has
given the majority back - despite Copper/Steel commodity strength. Call discusses China, US imports,
Tariffs, smelters, positioning.
see latest conf agenda bottom - add IVN.CN and AA.US.
China out till next Thur (Oct 8), Aussie throwing up a few balls (LYC on my mind), Iron Ore softer -1.5%
(meh as China out, lets see if the stim can move the needle, all bets off at this time). You can see a few
comments on Gold below, but Denver initial feedback – speicalists only (inline), mood subdued, sure
maissve M&A ask with GFI start of week, but the strongest signal is “its still early”. To me the signal, and
this is not just a gold signal, is how corporates see value the mkt is reluctant to price, Corporates can be
early, they appreciate the cost/complexity to build. Last daly I wrote was on EGO.US, have spent
c.$1.3bn, take a look, I expect there is no change from >$3bn if you start from scratch today (I’d take the
over on $3bn regardless). Ill fold into a few thoughts below....NFP later today Link to GIR- GS at +80k
(cons 88k, but above the 3m avg of +71k).
This week I have seen Copper forecast at $18k, subsequently seen and raised to $22k (reminds me of GS
calling $15k as the mkt smirked…hmmm), I have seen Chile dump August Prodn down 12.8% Y/y, I see
Centinella (along with Excondida) lining up to strike, sadly we had fatalities and supply disruptions at
Escondida and I had Trina Chen socialise 500kt of scrap displacement in China , (extended maintenance,
smelter cuts, most bullish px feedback in year”s”), GS traders on call yday suggest onshore fabricator
stocks -6-7% y/y. I have also been travelling and the feedback was “short Copper” is the play. Scar tissue
from Sept 10 crash, FM.CN Wednesday shows how violent that can be). Recall the catalyst for the most
recent ATH was Chile -9.5% y/y in July (ie supply), we knew August would be bad, it was, Sept will
better, but mine supply y/y running at the lows, electrification at the highs, feels like I am happy to take
the other side. Remember “demand moves linear, supply moves asymmetric”. In my mind to be bearish
you gotta believe three primary things: 1) the US stocks don’t leak back out (at least till end nov you
should see +150-200kt inflows), 2) mine supply recovers “significantly” in 2027 and finally 3) that real
demand drives px action not apparent demand (ie stockpiling). As one rare earth procurer told me this
week, despite the export ban being extended we are starting to fly metal out. Why this is relevant – US
holds the Copper, China holds the rare earths. Why would US change the direction of travel? My base case

is tariff either gets kicked down the road, or comes at 15% with language of future reviews in the forward
(midterm sensitiivty will be high, but remember Oil/Ags have 10x the delta metals have to CPI)….I have
written previously that “stock out” is a phrase I have heard amongst onshore traders, EU traders and select
funds. Rarely seen as price responds to destroy demand, however its violent – TTF in 2022, Cocoa in
2024, even US steel went up 5x post Covid. My point is the higher risk outcome is a blow off top, we have
not seen that, you run long ahead of that, post that we correct with higher lows and we start to expand the
multiple, much as we saw end 2025 as “debasement, reflation, real asset ,HALO” drove the bus….GS
hosted a trader call yday c.300pax, REPLAY here.
Oils - Few comments from Pete in Trading - Strong rally in Z6 without much of a catalyst beyond it
becoming front month....
- Alleged attacks on Saudi/UAE later denied/debunked
- More pressure on EU on SPR release, overnight from Bessent
- Naval assets going to the ME a great "stick waving" headline but likely replacing existing assets
(Bahrain is out of operation, so the only refuelling/replenishment base is Diego Garcia, which makes it
unlikely that they can keep so much in theatre at the same time)
- Aragchi allegedly offered nuclear inspections
- Trump reiterates "choice between deal or annihilation".... Again
- What there have been are more attacks on tankers overnight, reportedly part of a convoy of 16 unladen
tankers going IN to the Gulf to pick up Saudi crude
- Saudi ramps supply to Yanbu up to >5mbpd
We saw more supply in the equities yesterday with multiple US sellers of TTE. It has now
underperformed, although is now ex-catalyst and exposed to French political risk. Would prefer SHEL and
ENI as rel longs, but still short the sector.
FM.CN – cant touch copper and not touch here. GIR published a note on Wed “,Strategic postive”, I am
sympathetic, ie the actual update reads well. The issue is poor reporting (same as Copper tariffs a few
weeks back) outlines just how fragile the fabric of this mkt is, also a bit of lazy money accumulated, also
speaks to why the guys above tactically short copper (despite one issue like this rallying all the peers). To
many, FM is the laggard, however IVN is the real laggard (FM YTD >30% rel to IVN). Untill you solve
Panama, the mkt is happy to miss the first 10% to catch the next 20%, equally avoid a repeat of yday. In
IVN if you believe in 500kt at KK in 2028 and beyond then you lean in. Kipushi, West Forland, even Plat
Reef, kinda easier bet to have if your on that end of the curve….
LYC – I must admit a little surprised on the weakness post deal (scrip based), trades small up rel today.
Stock is a $13 not $20. Still needs a CEO. This is a little old hat (two days) but in the vein of me being
walkabout, taking a few comments from Aussie sales... Scheme meeting due to be held in Jan 2027 if
approved by Meteoric shareholders and the Court, and the relevant Brazilian regulatory approval is
obtained; Scheme expected to be implemented by March 2027. Strategically, deal makes sense; LYC

require heavy RE feedstock; scrip bid means bal sheet can fund USD ~$500m of required capex; DFS
implied NPV of US$850m understates capacity for LYC to separate ore (NPPR & heavy) to capture higher
pricing (spot pricing on heavy is ~$2000/$600 vs DFS $1000/$250), implying a project NPV of ~$2.7bn.
GS NAV (undisturbed) is $18.9/share vs cons $15.6; agreed deal appears value accretive, notwithstanding
scrip is now exposed via deal completion timeline; offset to this is that you also remove a future liquidity
(funding) event.. The name i had half an eye on was VMM.AU, +9% last 5days, same postcode and same
geology (ionic clays) , asset is called Colossus (for that alone your a buyer!) , this is is the first time a
major global producer has paid a substantial strategic premium for an ionic-clay project in the Poços de
Caldas district,. I have seen brokers get impied valn in region of +45% post the LYC deal.
A few bits of feedback from the road – Copper tactical short. Steel resounding cons long. Iron Ore cons
short. Aluminium meh, Zinc long. Gold most interesting assymetry, $4k floor, pick a ceiling. Coal higher
(mkt asleep at wheel). Met coal also tight and holds here to higher (Russian flooding another factor).
Lithium has been a major pain trade, Rare Earths a nice to have but not a need to have (and no one has
them…yet) …No surprise all about GLEN. I don’t see any major worry on Radiant, losses contained (as
per GLEN release) more headlines risk on investigations launched. My personal view is, “storm in a
teacup and you lean in”. AAL all the ask is China approval, TECK can they hit ball out of park in Q3
(again) keeping in mind this is the biggest volume qtr for Zinc each year and I understand qtlry
maintenance all in line. NST.AU I have to say the gold guys clearly in Denver, of those left behind
complete apathy. Sure there is a little regret at what felt like a soft layup to have a small sniff of, however
to most its in the rearview mirror. One person did tell me they thought Denver was ZERO generalists,
modest level specs and all very quiet, confirms early in the cycle (ill test this more coming days). BHP and
RIO debated heavily, most looking for reasons to test the short thesis iron ore/Freight/net backs. BHP not
much delta ahead of SA mine trip (watch strike) and RIO its all about the asset sales, id say bar is high
(show rtns that compete/exceed BHP’s)
ETF – see Chris note yday , some astonishing prints, this is where the action is for mind….across metals
its been pretty quiet, ill get a few charts on gold etc today
I read a lot of stuff last few weeks, have to say this article had the biggest impact on me…Return to
Tangibles…” a series of catalysts, starting with the first inflation spike in 2021, then following on with the
Russia-Ukraine war in 2022, the rise in the U.S. deficit, the tariffs, the simmering cold war 2.0 with China,
and now the Iran war, have returned the world to the era of tangibles. An era where financial paper wealth
not only struggles to procure the necessary tangible assets for economic security and progress but also
loses its relative strength and value versus those tangible assets”
source link above
GS metals and Mining Conference - LME week - Latest Agenda below...see IVN.CN and AA.US added.
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3 link
All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk*



Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
