[Page 1]
US Equity Research
16 September 2026
Industry Update
Sustainability 
Company
Rating
Price
Target
Sustainability
AUR-
NASDAQ
Buy
US$6.44
US$15.00
ENRD-
NASDAQ
Buy
US$3.75
US$8.00
TSLA-
NASDAQ
Buy
US$356.58
US$410.00
Priced as of close of business 15 September 2026
George Gianarikas | Analyst | Canaccord Genuity LLC (US) | ggianarikas@cgf.com | 929.697.1712
Jason Tilchen, CFA | Analyst | Canaccord Genuity LLC (US) | JTilchen@cgf.com | 212.849.3928
Matt Paciulli | Associate | Canaccord Genuity LLC (US) | MPaciulli@cgf.com | 212.849.3975
Picture Day 13
The autonomous trucking moment is here. The stars are aligning.
From the supply side, Aurora is leaping from proof-of-concept to commercial reality.
With 2nd generation hardware fueling an initial build of 1,500 tractors, the company is
paving the way for 2027 - when its 3rd generation platform should ignite production in
the tens of thousand
• ~200 driverless trucks in operation by year-end. Through its upfitting
partnership with Roush, Aurora expects to have ~200 2nd generation Aurora Driver
Transportation-as-a-Service (TaaS) trucks on the road delivering freight for its
customers. Additionally, management guided to ~$80M of revenue run-rate, implying
~$400k/truck of revenue. As management stated on the call, "we anticipate exiting
the year with more than 200 driverless trucks in operation, which translates to
an approximately $80 million revenue run rate for our transportation as a service
business."
• 1,000 truck run rate production by the end of the year. On the 1Q26 earnings
call, management noted expectations of achieving an annual production run rate of
1,000 trucks in October, implying ~20 trucks per week. Management said,"we've
already received the initial builds and expect Roush to ramp to an annual run rate of
a 1,000 trucks in October."
• We estimate Volvo is planning to launch 300+ autonomous-ready trucks in 1Q27 that
should predominantly, if not entirely, use Aurora tech.
Now on to demand. Management recently highlighted that demand signals are
“accelerating.” With 2026 capacity already fully allocated and sales cycles shrinking as
fleets validate operational success, recent comments from transport peers confirm why,
in our opinion:
• Norfolk Southern. Speaking at a recent conference, Norfolk Southern management
described the unprecedented surge in diesel costs as something straight out of
“science fiction.”
• J.B. Hunt. J.B. Hunt echoed these severe cost pressures, citing mounting expenses
across fuel, driver compensation, and healthcare. Addressing the volatility,
management stated: “I would say we have seen some of the most radical and
abnormal swings in fuel prices that we've ever seen. And I think we're at record high
diesel prices today. And I think the comparison between Q2 and Q3, I'd call that at
least a $10-million headwind sequentially from Q2 to Q3. And then I would wrap
higher claims cost, some of that I think is just the natural trend of what we're seeing
in the industry but included in that would be group medical. Group medical, I think
it's not a J.B. Hunt issue. It's not a transportation issue. It's a country's issue. We
have medical costs that are outpacing just general trends of inflation.”
Canaccord Genuity is the global capital markets group of Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. (CF : TSX)
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this research report accurately reflect the research analyst's personal, independent and objective
views about any and all the companies and securities that are the subject of this report discussed herein.
For important information, please see the Important Disclosures beginning on page 3 of this document.
 


[Page 2]
Sustainability
Industry Update
It’s obvious how Aurora can help save on driver costs, but what about fuel?
• In their 2024 white paper, Aurora noted their technology has the potential to boost
fuel efficiency by as much as 32%.
• Human drivers, restricted by hours-of-service and paid by the mile, often drive
at 70–75 mph. Autonomous trucks can cruise at a steady 65 mph, reducing
aerodynamic drag by 14%–25% and cutting highway energy consumption by
9%–17%.
• Traditional long-haul trucks idle for roughly 1,800 hours per year for driver
comfort, wasting 1,500 gallons of diesel. Because autonomous trucks do not
require rest breaks, they eliminate the vast majority of this idle time.
• ~15% of all U.S. trucking miles are "deadhead miles" (driving empty).
Autonomous trucks minimize this waste through flexible routing that eliminates
the need to return a driver home, the ability to wait seamlessly for optimal
loads, and integration into consolidated terminal-to-terminal networks.
Watch electric freight. Soaring fuel costs could accelerate the shift to electric freight,
creating major tailwinds for Tesla and Einride. Mark your calendar for the Tesla Semi
event on 9/24, and watch Einride closely as they continue to scale their autonomous
freight solutions for the long haul.
Human-driven trucking cost/mile (2025) breakdown
Source: Canaccord Genuity, American Transportation Research Institute
16 September 2026
2
 


[Page 3]
Sustainability
Industry Update
Appendix: Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
Each authoring analyst of Canaccord Genuity whose name appears on the front page of this research hereby certifies that (i) the
recommendations and opinions expressed in this research accurately reflect the authoring analyst’s personal, independent and
objective views about any and all of the designated investments or relevant issuers discussed herein that are within such authoring
analyst’s coverage universe and (ii) no part of the authoring analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related
to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the authoring analyst in the research, and (iii) to the best of the authoring
analyst’s knowledge, she/he is not in receipt of material non-public information about the issuer.
Analysts employed outside the US are not registered as research analysts with FINRA. These analysts may not be associated
persons of Canaccord Genuity LLC and therefore may not be subject to the FINRA Rule 2241 and NYSE Rule 472 restrictions on
communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account.
Sector Coverage
Individuals identified as “Sector Coverage” cover a subject company’s industry in the identified jurisdiction, but are not authoring
analysts of the report.
Investment Recommendation
Date and time of first dissemination: September 16, 2026, 10:50 ET
Date and time of production: September 16, 2026, 10:50 ET
Target Price / Valuation Methodology:
Aurora Innovation - AUR
Our $15.00 price target is based on our DCF analysis, which uses ~14% WACC and ~5% terminal growth rate.
Einride AB - ENRD
Using a DCF, we generate an $8 target. We view Einride as a beneficiary of the electrification and autonomous transformation of the
trucking industry. The company’s proprietary Saga AI platform is designed to improve freight economics through route optimization,
asset utilization, and network orchestration, while the long-term commercialization of its Einride Driver autonomous driving system
provides a potential additional avenue for margin expansion and software monetization. We remain encouraged by the company’s
expanding customer base, including Amazon and GE Appliances, as well as strategic partnerships with Tesla, DAF and other vehicle
OEMs that support fleet growth.
Over the coming years, vehicle deployments are projected to be supported by third-party financing arrangements, featuring an
even split between leases and debt-funded vehicle purchases. To bridge operations to breakeven, we have conservatively modeled
a $200M equity raise - exclusive of vehicle financing - at an average share price of $3.75, which establishes implied long-term
incremental capital of ~91% debt and ~9% equity. Our DCF builds upon these foundations by applying a cost of equity of ~15%, a
cost of debt of ~11%, a resulting weighted average cost of capital of ~11%, and a terminal growth rate of ~5%.
Tesla - TSLA
We apply a ~38x multiple to our $10.73 in 2028E non-GAAP EPS to achieve a price target of $410.
Risks to achieving Target Price / Valuation:
Aurora Innovation - AUR
1) Adoption of autonomy could take longer than expected. 2) Technology may not prove commercially ready or scalable. 3) Safety
concerns could arise, impacting public trust and therefore the pace of adoption. 4) Competition is strong and well-funded. 5) Lack of
unifying federal regulation for AVs creates complexity. 6) Issues with accessing additional capital sources could arise.
Einride AB - ENRD
Lack of autonomous regulation. More than 50 countries are currently developing national on-road autonomous regulations.
Until these regulations are finalized, Einride will be forced to navigate patchwork state-by-state regulations. Moreover, the pending
regulatory finalization introduces mid-term market risks. Sudden localized legislative shifts, for example, can instantly freeze
operational routes, strand expensive capital investments, and slow global expansion.
Adoption of autonomy could take longer than expected. Despite our conviction, on-road autonomy demand could be limited
due to the trucking industry’s and consumer’s unwillingness to trust and adopt AV technology. Moreover, safety concerns/issues could
arise (e.g., potential vehicle accidents) and impact public trust, and therefore the pace of adoption.
Ride-hailing competition strong and well-funded. While competition in trucking has been withering, many well-funded
competitors including Waymo, Cruise, Mobileye, and Tesla are vying for leadership in consumer autonomy.
Intense upfront capital strain.Operating as FCaaS requires substantial upfront costs related to purchasing electric trucks, building
proprietary autonomous Pods, and deploying specialized charging infrastructure, resulting in significant cash burn before routes
become profitable. Slower-than-anticipated growth, therefore, could result in incremental dilution.
16 September 2026
3
 


[Page 4]
Sustainability
Industry Update
Intense autonomous competition. Einride faces competitive pressure, especially from autonomous system developers, many
of which take an asset-light approach to autonomous system deployments, preserving cash. If competitors consume a fraction of
Einride’s market, it could meaningfully impact vehicle utilization and associated economics.
Tesla - TSLA
1) Elon Musk has been a key driving force behind much of Tesla’s success. Risks to his involvement at Tesla could materially impact
the company's prospects. 2) While Tesla has been ahead of the curve on securing raw materials supply and enabling semiconductor
flexibility, an inability to continue to maintain a well-functioning supply chain could impact production. 3) Tesla’s current demand
outweighs its ability to produce vehicles. However, its order book could be impacted by macroeconomic weakness, competition,
and ramp delays. 4) While we see Tesla as ahead of the industry, competitive EV models are ramping. 5) Tesla management must
ramp capacity at its current sites or new locations to meet unit targets. Supply, regulatory, or labor-related delays could stall these
production ramps.
Distribution of Ratings:
Global Stock Ratings (as of 09/16/26)
Rating
Coverage Universe
IB Clients
#
%
%
Buy
733
68.89%
26.74%
Hold
137
12.88%
8.03%
Sell
2
0.19%
0.00%
Speculative Buy
189
17.76%
55.03%
1064*
100.0%
*Total includes stocks that are Under Review
Canaccord Genuity Ratings System
BUY: The stock is expected to generate returns greater than 10% during the next 12 months.
HOLD: The stock is expected to generate returns from -10% to 10% during the next 12 months.
SELL: The stock is expected to generate returns less than -10% during the next 12 months.
NOT RATED: Canaccord Genuity does not provide research coverage of the relevant issuer.
Given the inherent volatility of some stocks under coverage, price targets for some stocks may imply target returns that vary
temporarily from the ratings criteria above.
*As of January 1, 2024, the Ratings History Chart will reflect the new Canaccord Genuity Ratings System as defined above.
Risk Qualiﬁer
SPECULATIVE: The stock bears significantly above-average risk and volatility. Investments in the stock may result in material loss.
12-Month Recommendation History (as of date same as the Global Stock Ratings table)
A list of all the recommendations on any issuer under coverage that was disseminated during the preceding 12-month period
may be obtained at the following website (provided as a hyperlink if this report is being read electronically) http://disclosures-
mar.canaccordgenuity.com/EN/Pages/default.aspx
Required Company-Specific Disclosures (as of date of this publication)
Einride AB currently is, or in the past 12 months was, a client of Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies. During this period,
Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies provided investment banking services to Einride AB.
In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies have received compensation for Investment Banking services
from Einride AB .
Canaccord Genuity or one or more of its affiliated companies intend to seek or expect to receive compensation for Investment
Banking services from Aurora Innovation, Einride AB and Tesla in the next three months.
An analyst has visited the material operations of Aurora Innovation and Tesla. No payment was received for the related travel costs.
The equity securities of Aurora Innovation are subordinate voting shares.
16 September 2026
4
 


[Page 5]
Sustainability
Industry Update
Aurora Innovation Rating History as of 09/15/2026
$20
$15
$10
$5
$0
Oct 21Jan 22Apr 22 Jul 22 Oct 22Jan 23Apr 23 Jul 23 Oct 23Jan 24Apr 24 Jul 24 Oct 24Jan 25Apr 25 Jul 25 Oct 25Jan 26Apr 26 Jul 26
B:$7.00
07/19/2023
B:$5.50
11/02/2023
B:$6.00
03/14/2024
B:$7.00
08/02/2024
B:$10.00
01/07/2025
B:$15.00
05/01/2025
Closing Price
Price Target
Buy (B); Speculative Buy (SB); Sell (S); Hold (H); Suspended (SU); Under Review (UR); Restricted (RE); Not Rated (NR)
Einride AB Rating History as of 09/15/2026
$16
$14
$12
$10
$8
$6
$4
$2
Oct 21Jan 22Apr 22 Jul 22 Oct 22Jan 23Apr 23 Jul 23 Oct 23Jan 24Apr 24 Jul 24 Oct 24Jan 25Apr 25 Jul 25 Oct 25Jan 26Apr 26 Jul 26
I:B:$8.00
09/15/2026
Closing Price
Price Target
Buy (B); Speculative Buy (SB); Sell (S); Hold (H); Suspended (SU); Under Review (UR); Restricted (RE); Not Rated (NR)
Tesla Rating History as of 09/15/2026
$1,200
$1,000
$800
$600
$400
$200
$0
Oct 21Jan 22Apr 22Jul 22 Oct 22Jan 23Apr 23Jul 23 Oct 23Jan 24Apr 24Jul 24 Oct 24Jan 25Apr 25Jul 25 Oct 25Jan 26Apr 26Jul 26
B:$293.00
07/02/2023
B:$267.00
10/18/2023
B:$234.00
01/24/2024
B:$222.00
04/23/2024
B:$254.00
07/02/2024
B:$278.00
10/23/2024
B:$298.00
10/27/2024
B:$404.00
01/02/2025
B:$303.00
04/23/2025
B:$333.00
07/23/2025
B:$490.00
09/29/2025
B:$482.00
10/22/2025
B:$551.00
12/22/2025
B:$520.00
01/29/2026
B:$420.00
03/30/2026
B:$450.00
04/23/2026
B:$410.00
07/22/2026
Closing Price
Price Target
Buy (B); Speculative Buy (SB); Sell (S); Hold (H); Suspended (SU); Under Review (UR); Restricted (RE); Not Rated (NR)
Past performance
In line with Article 44(4)(b), MiFID II Delegated Regulation, we disclose price performance for the preceding five years or the
whole period for which the financial instrument has been offered or investment service provided where less than five years. Please
note price history refers to actual past performance, and that past performance is not a reliable indicator of future price and/or
performance.
Online Disclosures
Up-to-date disclosures may be obtained at the following website (provided as a hyperlink if this report is being read electronically)
http://disclosures.canaccordgenuity.com/EN/Pages/default.aspx; or by sending a request to Canaccord Genuity Corp. Research, Attn:
Disclosures, P.O. Box 10337 Pacific Centre, 2200-609 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7Y 1H2; or by sending a request
16 September 2026
5
 


[Page 6]
Sustainability
Industry Update
by email to disclosures@cgf.com. The reader may also obtain a copy of Canaccord Genuity’s policies and procedures regarding the
dissemination of research by following the steps outlined above.
General Disclaimers
See “Required Company-Specific Disclosures” above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in
this report: manager or co-manager roles; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships;
research analyst conflicts; managed/co-managed public offerings in prior periods; directorships; market making in equity securities
and related derivatives. For reports identified above as compendium reports, the foregoing required company-specific disclosures
can be found in a hyperlink located in the section labeled, “Compendium Reports.” “Canaccord Genuity” is the business name used
by certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Canaccord Genuity Group Inc., including Canaccord Genuity LLC, Canaccord Genuity Limited,
Canaccord Genuity Corp., and Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited, an affiliated company that is 80%-owned by Canaccord Genuity
Group Inc.
The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this research are employed by Canaccord Genuity Corp. a Canadian
broker-dealer with principal offices located in Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, or Canaccord Genuity LLC, a US broker-dealer
with principal offices located in New York, Boston, San Francisco and Houston, or Canaccord Genuity Limited., a UK broker-dealer with
principal offices located in London (UK) and Dublin (Ireland), or Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited, an Australian broker-dealer
with principal offices located in Sydney and Melbourne.
The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this research have received (or will receive) compensation
based upon (among other factors) the Investment Banking revenues and general profits of Canaccord Genuity. However, such
authoring analysts have not received, and will not receive, compensation that is directly based upon or linked to one or more specific
Investment Banking activities, or to recommendations contained in the research.
Some regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing conflicts of interest arising
as a result of publication or distribution of research. This research has been prepared in accordance with Canaccord Genuity’s policy
on managing conflicts of interest, and information barriers or firewalls have been used where appropriate. Canaccord Genuity’s policy
is available upon request.
The information contained in this research has been compiled by Canaccord Genuity from sources believed to be reliable, but (with
the exception of the information about Canaccord Genuity) no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by Canaccord
Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person as to its fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness. Canaccord Genuity
has not independently verified the facts, assumptions, and estimates contained herein. All estimates, opinions and other information
contained in this research constitute Canaccord Genuity’s judgement as of the date of this research, are subject to change without
notice and are provided in good faith but without legal responsibility or liability.
From time to time, Canaccord Genuity salespeople, traders, and other professionals provide oral or written market commentary or
trading strategies to our clients and our principal trading desk that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this
research. Canaccord Genuity’s affiliates, principal trading desk, and investing businesses also from time to time make investment
decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research.
This research is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any designated
investments discussed herein in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be prohibited. As a result, the designated
investments discussed in this research may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This research is not, and under no
circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as a securities broker or dealer in any jurisdiction by any person or
company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or dealer in that jurisdiction. This material is
prepared for general circulation to clients and does not have regard to the investment objectives, financial situation or particular
needs of any particular person. Investors should obtain advice based on their own individual circumstances before making an
investment decision. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person
accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from or relating to any use of the information contained in
this research.
Research Distribution Policy
Canaccord Genuity research is posted on the Canaccord Genuity Research Portal and will be available simultaneously for access by
all of Canaccord Genuity’s customers who are entitled to receive the firm's research. In addition research may be distributed by the
firm’s sales and trading personnel via email, instant message or other electronic means. Customers entitled to receive research may
also receive it via third party vendors. Until such time as research is made available to Canaccord Genuity’s customers as described
above, Authoring Analysts will not discuss the contents of their research with Sales and Trading or Investment Banking employees
without prior compliance consent.
For further information about the proprietary model(s) associated with the covered issuer(s) in this research report, clients should
contact their local sales representative.
Short-Term Trade Ideas
Research Analysts may, from time to time, discuss “short-term trade ideas” in research reports. A short-term trade idea offers a
near-term view on how a security may trade, based on market and trading events or catalysts, and the resulting trading opportunity
that may be available. Any such trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analysts' fundamental equity rating for
such stocks. A short-term trade idea may differ from the price targets and recommendations in our published research reports that
reflect the research analyst's views of the longer-term (i.e. one-year or greater) prospects of the subject company, as a result of the
differing time horizons, methodologies and/or other factors. It is possible, for example, that a subject company's common equity that
is considered a long-term ‘Hold' or 'Sell' might present a short-term buying opportunity as a result of temporary selling pressure in
the market or for other reasons described in the research report; conversely, a subject company's stock rated a long-term 'Buy' or
16 September 2026
6
 


[Page 7]
Sustainability
Industry Update
“Speculative Buy’ could be considered susceptible to a downward price correction, or other factors may exist that lead the research
analyst to suggest a sale over the short-term. Short-term trade ideas are not ratings, nor are they part of any ratings system, and
the firm does not intend, and does not undertake any obligation, to maintain or update short-term trade ideas. Short-term trade
ideas are not suitable for all investors and are not tailored to individual investor circumstances and objectives, and investors should
make their own independent decisions regarding any securities or strategies discussed herein. Please contact your salesperson for
more information regarding Canaccord Genuity’s research.
For Canadian Residents:
This research has been approved by Canaccord Genuity Corp., which accepts sole responsibility for this research and its dissemination
in Canada. Canaccord Genuity Corp. is registered and regulated by the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) and
is a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund. Canadian clients wishing to effect transactions in any designated investment
discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity Corp. in their particular province or territory.
For United States Persons:
Canaccord Genuity LLC, a US registered broker-dealer, accepts responsibility for this research and its dissemination in the United
States. This research is intended for distribution in the United States only to certain US institutional investors. US clients wishing to
effect transactions in any designated investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity LLC.
Analysts employed outside the US, as specifically indicated elsewhere in this report, are not registered as research analysts with
FINRA. These analysts may not be associated persons of Canaccord Genuity LLC and therefore may not be subject to the FINRA Rule
2241 and NYSE Rule 472 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a
research analyst account.
For United Kingdom and European Residents:
This research is distributed in the United Kingdom and elsewhere Europe, as third party research by Canaccord Genuity Limited,
which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. This research is for distribution only to persons who are Eligible
Counterparties or Professional Clients only and is exempt from the general restrictions in section 21 of the Financial Services and
Markets Act 2000 on the communication of invitations or inducements to engage in investment activity on the grounds that it is being
distributed in the United Kingdom only to persons of a kind described in Article 19(5) (Investment Professionals) and 49(2) (High Net
Worth companies, unincorporated associations etc) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005
(as amended). It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons. This material is
not for distribution in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in Europe to retail clients, as defined under the rules of the Financial Conduct
Authority.
For Jersey, Guernsey and Isle of Man Residents:
This research is sent to you by Canaccord Genuity Wealth (International) Limited (CGWI) for information purposes and is not to
be construed as a solicitation or an offer to purchase or sell investments or related financial instruments. This research has been
produced by an affiliate of CGWI for circulation to its institutional clients and also CGWI. Its contents have been approved by CGWI
and we are providing it to you on the basis that we believe it to be of interest to you. This statement should be read in conjunction
with your client agreement, CGWI's current terms of business and the other disclosures and disclaimers contained within this
research. If you are in any doubt, you should consult your financial adviser.
CGWI is licensed and regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission, the Jersey Financial Services Commission and the
Isle of Man Financial Supervision Commission. CGWI is registered in Guernsey and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Canaccord Genuity
Group Inc.
For Australian Residents:
This research is distributed in Australia by Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited ABN 19 075 071 466 holder of AFS Licence No
234666. To the extent that this research contains any advice, this is limited to general advice only. Recipients should take into
account their own personal circumstances before making an investment decision. Clients wishing to effect any transactions in any
financial products discussed in the research should do so through a qualified representative of Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited
or its Wealth Management affiliated company, Canaccord Genuity Financial Limited ABN 69 008 896 311 holder of AFS Licence No
239052. This report should be read in conjunction with the Financial Services Guide available here - Financial Services Guide.
For Hong Kong Residents:
This research is distributed in Hong Kong by Canaccord Genuity (Hong Kong) Limited which is licensed by the Securities and Futures
Commission. This research is only intended for persons who fall within the definition of professional investor as defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance. It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of
persons. Recipients of this report can contact Canaccord Genuity (Hong Kong) Limited. (Contact Tel: +852 3919 2561) in respect of
any matters arising from, or in connection with, this research.
Additional information is available on request.
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Corp. 2026 – Member CIRO/Canadian Investor Protection Fund
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Limited. 2026 – Member LSE, authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity LLC 2026 – Member FINRA/SIPC
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited. 2026 – Participant of ASX Group, Cboe Australia and of the NSX. Authorized and
regulated by ASIC.
16 September 2026
7
 


[Page 8]
Sustainability
Industry Update
All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under copyright to Canaccord
Genuity Corp., Canaccord Genuity Limited, Canaccord Genuity LLC or Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. None of the material, nor its
content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any other party, without the prior express
written permission of the entities listed above.
None of the material, nor its content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, reproduced, or distributed to any
other party including by way of any form of social media, without the prior express written permission of the entities
listed above.
16 September 2026
8
 
