[Page 1]
US Equity Research
16 September 2026
Lowering Target Price
Fluence Energy
Sustainability 
Rating
BUY
unchanged
Price Target
US$15.00↓
from US$24.00
FLNC-NASDAQ
Price
US$9.05
Market Data
52-Week Range (US$) :
7.26 - 33.51
Avg Daily Vol (M)  :
7.6
Market Cap  (US$M) :
1,670.0
Shares Out. (M)  :
143.2
FYE Sep
2026E
2027E
2028E
2029E
Sales  (US$M)
2,398↓
2,917↓
4,441↓
5,427↓
Previous
2,951
3,748
5,223
6,387
EPS  Adj&Dil  
(US$)
(1.46)↓
(0.38)↓
0.83↓
0.99↓
Previous
(0.47)
0.14
1.20
1.51
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
Oct-25
Nov-25
Dec-25
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
FLNC.US
Russell 2000 (rebased)
Source: FactSet
Priced as of close of business 16 September 2026 
George Gianarikas | Analyst | Canaccord Genuity LLC (US) | ggianarikas@cgf.com | 929.697.1712
Matt Paciulli | Associate | Canaccord Genuity LLC (US) | MPaciulli@cgf.com | 212.849.3975
Jason Tilchen, CFA | Analyst | Canaccord Genuity LLC (US) | JTilchen@cgf.com | 212.849.3928
Problems in Houston
Fluence has a problem in Houston.
On Wednesday after the close, the company announced that a promised $3B
F2026 revenue horizon abruptly shrank to $2.4B. At the heart of the storm lies the
Houston manufacturing facility, where CEO Julian Nebreda acknowledged the team
fundamentally underestimated operational complexity. Welding automation failed under
the strain, forcing a pivot to slower manual labor, while final assembly bogged down
from skilled worker shortages until 3 Houston subcontractors were rushed in to share
the load. Instead of humming along at an expected eleven units per day during the late
summer ramp-up, the factory sputtered at a single unit daily before corrective measures
clawed it back to 3.
Of the $600M top-line haircut, $450M traces directly back to Houston's stumbles,
compounded by delivery bottlenecks and late shipments. Meanwhile, the $190 million
bottom-line worsening was carved out by $130M in combined penalties and delayed
revenue shifted into F2027, alongside $60M in rollout and quality-standard costs.
So what to do with the stock?
We have long been advocates of Fluence’s stock, enamored by the growing demand
for energy storage in our current power boom. And most indications for Fluence’s
leadership in that market have flashed green – reinforced by 2 hyperscaler MSAs
(master supply agreements). Emerging victorious from a 26-vendor gauntlet proves
that, despite the stiff competition, Fluence’s solution has been validated in a crowded
field. And specifically where quality of power appears to have been the key metric
assessed by the hyperscalers.
But, persistent operational friction has snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.
This news is undeniably disappointing, we are closely tracking market share dynamics
to ensure these production snags do not drive customers toward competitors. We view
this risk as relatively low, alternative solutions remain scarce in Western markets, and
Fluence boasts a strong product, but vigilance is warranted.
So despite the snags and turbulence, we are sticking with the stock at these levels. We
believe time will vindicate the thesis, unlocking compounding acceleration in EBITDA,
free cash flow, and underlying earnings power.
We reiterate our BUY rating but are lowering our target from $24 to $15. Our target is
based on ~17x our F2028E non-GAAP EPS of $0.83 (from $1.20). Fluence's peers trade
at a median of ~17x Factset 2028E EPS.
Canaccord Genuity is the global capital markets group of Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. (CF : TSX)
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this research report accurately reflect the research analyst's personal, independent and objective
views about any and all the companies and securities that are the subject of this report discussed herein.
For important information, please see the Important Disclosures beginning on page 5 of this document.
 


[Page 2]
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
FY2026 guidance lowered due to manufacturing delays in Houston facility. At
market close last night, Fluence announced that the company lowered FY2026 revenue
to $2.4B from the previously guided $3B. Additionally, Fluence lowered its FY2026
adjusted EBITDA guidance to a loss of ($200M) from its previous guidance of ($10M).
Julian Nebreda, CEO, said, "we continue to experience delays in the ramp-up of our
contract manufacturing facility in Houston which is the primary reason we are now
lowering our fiscal year 2026 financial guidance."
• 80% of Revenue Guidance Reduction Attributed to U.S. Production
Delays. Fluence leadership broke down the $600 million reduction to FY2026
revenue guidance, stating, "this includes approximately $450 million from the
Houston delays... $65 million largely associated with late deliveries. The remaining
approximately $85 million reflects logistics, primarily due to bottlenecks."
• Two-Thirds of EBITDA Guidance Reduction Attributed to Missed Project
Milestones. Management also provided additional color on the components of the
$190 million reduction in EBITDA guidance. Discussing the drivers of the revision,
Mr. Nebreda stated that it reflected "approximately $65 million in associated
penalties, approximately $65 million from charges tied to revenue shifted into fiscal
2027. The remaining $60 million impact includes $35 million of costs associated with
the initial rollout of new products and an estimated $25 million of additional costs to
achieve volumes and quality standards on initial production."
• Production Units per Day Dramatically Impacted by Manufacturing Delays.
Fluence's previous guidance assumed average production of 11 units per day
during the August and September ramp-up period. Due to the delays, actual
production averaged approximately one unit per day. However, management
reassured investors that "with the corrective actions implemented, production levels
have increased to an average of three units per day during the first two weeks of
September."
• Management provided a framework from which they are developing a
FY2027 operating and financial plan. Beyond planning to report U.S. production
levels to provide investors insight into production performance, management
also outlined their approach to FY2027. Fluence leadership said, "first, our plan is
to deliver on our 2027 backlog, estimated at 2.9 billion units as of today, which
provides a strong foundation for driving sales. We plan to right-size the revenue
growth and corresponding investments so that we do not have need for additional
capital in fiscal 2027. Third, we are targeting neutral to positive operating cash flow
in fiscal 2027. And finally, we will address the seasonality aspect of our business,
reducing execution concentration and supporting a more balanced delivery profile."
Delays Driven by Welding Underperformance, Final Assembly Bottlenecks, and
Balance-of-Plant Equipment Delivery Issues. On last night's call, management
stated, "our team underestimated the complexity of ramping up our Houston facility."
Mr. Nebreda outlined several factors contributing to the contract manufacturers' delays,
along with potential solutions, which we summarize below.
• Underperformance of a Customized Automated Welding Process. Fluence
management outlined a plan to address this issue, stating, "in order to address
these challenges, our contract manufacturer has taken the following corrective
actions. First, they switched to manual welding, which required hiring additional
labor." Moreover, Fluence noted that manual welding is slower than automated
welding and requires more extensive quality inspections.
• Slower-Than-Expected Final Assembly of Components into Finished
Products. Company leadership stated, "another issue has been the speed of final
assembly of components into finished products, which lags in our effort due to
shortages of skilled labor." To address this challenge, Fluence said its contract
manufacturer engaged three subcontractors across Houston to increase capacity for
product assembly and welding.
• Delays in the Delivery of Balance-of-Plant Transformers and Inverters. When
asked whether the recent executive order banning bulk power system equipment
from China contributed to these delays, management stated, "we do not use any
inverter from there... and we, as you know, have a good supply chain in terms of
inverters outside of China."
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  2
 


[Page 3]
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
Operational restructuring. Simultaneously, Fluence announced that Bernerd
Da Santos will be joining as Chief Operating Officer. In his new position, Mr. Da
Santos will oversee Fluence's supply chain, manufacturing, and enterprise operations
organizations. Mr. Da Santos previously served as Senior Strategic Advisor to the
President of the AES Corporation and Chairman of the AES Clean Energy Board.
• Fluence management stated, "Bernerd has demonstrated his ability to improve
operations in different businesses across AES, including the end-to-end
transformation of AES’ supply chain organization. I am confident he will lead the
successful resolution of our operating challenges.”
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  3
 


[Page 4]
 
2 
 
Figure 1: Fluence Profit & Loss  
 
Source: Company reports, Canaccord Genuity estimates. A more detailed financial model, including balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow projections, if available, may be obtained by contacting your Canaccord Genuity Sales 
Person or the Authoring Analyst, whose contact information appears on the front page of this report. 
Energy 
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  4
 


[Page 5]
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
Appendix: Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
Each authoring analyst of Canaccord Genuity whose name appears on the front page of this research hereby certifies that (i) the
recommendations and opinions expressed in this research accurately reflect the authoring analyst’s personal, independent and
objective views about any and all of the designated investments or relevant issuers discussed herein that are within such authoring
analyst’s coverage universe and (ii) no part of the authoring analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related
to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the authoring analyst in the research, and (iii) to the best of the authoring
analyst’s knowledge, she/he is not in receipt of material non-public information about the issuer.
Analysts employed outside the US are not registered as research analysts with FINRA. These analysts may not be associated
persons of Canaccord Genuity LLC and therefore may not be subject to the FINRA Rule 2241 and NYSE Rule 472 restrictions on
communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account.
Sector Coverage
Individuals identified as “Sector Coverage” cover a subject company’s industry in the identified jurisdiction, but are not authoring
analysts of the report.
Investment Recommendation
Date and time of first dissemination: September 16, 2026, 21:34 ET
Date and time of production: September 16, 2026, 21:34 ET
Target Price / Valuation Methodology:
Fluence Energy - FLNC
Our $15 price target is based on ~17x our F2028E EPS of $0.83. Fluence's peers trade at ~17x Factset 2028E EPS.
Risks to achieving Target Price / Valuation:
Fluence Energy - FLNC
Operational issues may impact Fluence’s results, including labor shortages, permits, and supply of lithium-ion batteries. Battery
supply issues and operational headwinds could continue to impact market adoption. The company’s fledgling digital applications
recently lost their well-respected segment head. Traction here will likely prove critical to the company’s long-term EBITDA outlook
given the segment’s high profitability. Li-ion overheating has been an issue, bringing potential financial and reputational liability to
Fluence in case of an unforeseen event.
Distribution of Ratings:
Global Stock Ratings (as of 09/16/26)
Rating
Coverage Universe
IB Clients
#
%
%
Buy
733
68.83%
26.74%
Hold
137
12.86%
8.03%
Sell
2
0.19%
0.00%
Speculative Buy
190
17.84%
55.26%
1065*
100.0%
*Total includes stocks that are Under Review
Canaccord Genuity Ratings System
BUY: The stock is expected to generate returns greater than 10% during the next 12 months.
HOLD: The stock is expected to generate returns from -10% to 10% during the next 12 months.
SELL: The stock is expected to generate returns less than -10% during the next 12 months.
NOT RATED: Canaccord Genuity does not provide research coverage of the relevant issuer.
Given the inherent volatility of some stocks under coverage, price targets for some stocks may imply target returns that vary
temporarily from the ratings criteria above.
*As of January 1, 2024, the Ratings History Chart will reflect the new Canaccord Genuity Ratings System as defined above.
Risk Qualiﬁer
SPECULATIVE: The stock bears significantly above-average risk and volatility. Investments in the stock may result in material loss.
12-Month Recommendation History (as of date same as the Global Stock Ratings table)
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  5
 


[Page 6]
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
A list of all the recommendations on any issuer under coverage that was disseminated during the preceding 12-month period
may be obtained at the following website (provided as a hyperlink if this report is being read electronically) http://disclosures-
mar.canaccordgenuity.com/EN/Pages/default.aspx
Required Company-Specific Disclosures (as of date of this publication)
Canaccord Genuity or one or more of its affiliated companies intend to seek or expect to receive compensation for Investment
Banking services from Fluence Energy in the next three months.
The equity securities of Fluence Energy are subordinate voting shares.
Fluence Energy Rating History as of 09/16/2026
$40
$35
$30
$25
$20
$15
$10
$5
$0
Oct 21Jan 22Apr 22 Jul 22 Oct 22Jan 23Apr 23 Jul 23 Oct 23Jan 24Apr 24 Jul 24 Oct 24Jan 25Apr 25 Jul 25 Oct 25Jan 26Apr 26 Jul 26
B:$34.00
05/11/2023
B:$37.00
11/29/2023
B:$34.00
11/27/2024
B:$14.00
02/11/2025
B:$10.00
04/15/2025
B:$25.00
11/25/2025
B:$28.00
05/07/2026
B:$24.00
08/06/2026
Closing Price
Price Target
Buy (B); Speculative Buy (SB); Sell (S); Hold (H); Suspended (SU); Under Review (UR); Restricted (RE); Not Rated (NR)
Past performance
In line with Article 44(4)(b), MiFID II Delegated Regulation, we disclose price performance for the preceding five years or the
whole period for which the financial instrument has been offered or investment service provided where less than five years. Please
note price history refers to actual past performance, and that past performance is not a reliable indicator of future price and/or
performance.
Online Disclosures
Up-to-date disclosures may be obtained at the following website (provided as a hyperlink if this report is being read electronically)
http://disclosures.canaccordgenuity.com/EN/Pages/default.aspx; or by sending a request to Canaccord Genuity Corp. Research, Attn:
Disclosures, P.O. Box 10337 Pacific Centre, 2200-609 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7Y 1H2; or by sending a request
by email to disclosures@cgf.com. The reader may also obtain a copy of Canaccord Genuity’s policies and procedures regarding the
dissemination of research by following the steps outlined above.
General Disclaimers
See “Required Company-Specific Disclosures” above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in
this report: manager or co-manager roles; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships;
research analyst conflicts; managed/co-managed public offerings in prior periods; directorships; market making in equity securities
and related derivatives. For reports identified above as compendium reports, the foregoing required company-specific disclosures
can be found in a hyperlink located in the section labeled, “Compendium Reports.” “Canaccord Genuity” is the business name used
by certain wholly owned subsidiaries of Canaccord Genuity Group Inc., including Canaccord Genuity LLC, Canaccord Genuity Limited,
Canaccord Genuity Corp., and Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited, an affiliated company that is 80%-owned by Canaccord Genuity
Group Inc.
The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this research are employed by Canaccord Genuity Corp. a Canadian
broker-dealer with principal offices located in Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, Montreal, or Canaccord Genuity LLC, a US broker-dealer
with principal offices located in New York, Boston, San Francisco and Houston, or Canaccord Genuity Limited., a UK broker-dealer with
principal offices located in London (UK) and Dublin (Ireland), or Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited, an Australian broker-dealer
with principal offices located in Sydney and Melbourne.
The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this research have received (or will receive) compensation
based upon (among other factors) the Investment Banking revenues and general profits of Canaccord Genuity. However, such
authoring analysts have not received, and will not receive, compensation that is directly based upon or linked to one or more specific
Investment Banking activities, or to recommendations contained in the research.
Some regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing conflicts of interest arising
as a result of publication or distribution of research. This research has been prepared in accordance with Canaccord Genuity’s policy
on managing conflicts of interest, and information barriers or firewalls have been used where appropriate. Canaccord Genuity’s policy
is available upon request.
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  6
 


[Page 7]
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
The information contained in this research has been compiled by Canaccord Genuity from sources believed to be reliable, but (with
the exception of the information about Canaccord Genuity) no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by Canaccord
Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person as to its fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness. Canaccord Genuity
has not independently verified the facts, assumptions, and estimates contained herein. All estimates, opinions and other information
contained in this research constitute Canaccord Genuity’s judgement as of the date of this research, are subject to change without
notice and are provided in good faith but without legal responsibility or liability.
From time to time, Canaccord Genuity salespeople, traders, and other professionals provide oral or written market commentary or
trading strategies to our clients and our principal trading desk that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this
research. Canaccord Genuity’s affiliates, principal trading desk, and investing businesses also from time to time make investment
decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research.
This research is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any designated
investments discussed herein in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be prohibited. As a result, the designated
investments discussed in this research may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This research is not, and under no
circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as a securities broker or dealer in any jurisdiction by any person or
company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or dealer in that jurisdiction. This material is
prepared for general circulation to clients and does not have regard to the investment objectives, financial situation or particular
needs of any particular person. Investors should obtain advice based on their own individual circumstances before making an
investment decision. To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person
accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from or relating to any use of the information contained in
this research.
Research Distribution Policy
Canaccord Genuity research is posted on the Canaccord Genuity Research Portal and will be available simultaneously for access by
all of Canaccord Genuity’s customers who are entitled to receive the firm's research. In addition research may be distributed by the
firm’s sales and trading personnel via email, instant message or other electronic means. Customers entitled to receive research may
also receive it via third party vendors. Until such time as research is made available to Canaccord Genuity’s customers as described
above, Authoring Analysts will not discuss the contents of their research with Sales and Trading or Investment Banking employees
without prior compliance consent.
For further information about the proprietary model(s) associated with the covered issuer(s) in this research report, clients should
contact their local sales representative.
Short-Term Trade Ideas
Research Analysts may, from time to time, discuss “short-term trade ideas” in research reports. A short-term trade idea offers a
near-term view on how a security may trade, based on market and trading events or catalysts, and the resulting trading opportunity
that may be available. Any such trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analysts' fundamental equity rating for
such stocks. A short-term trade idea may differ from the price targets and recommendations in our published research reports that
reflect the research analyst's views of the longer-term (i.e. one-year or greater) prospects of the subject company, as a result of the
differing time horizons, methodologies and/or other factors. It is possible, for example, that a subject company's common equity that
is considered a long-term ‘Hold' or 'Sell' might present a short-term buying opportunity as a result of temporary selling pressure in
the market or for other reasons described in the research report; conversely, a subject company's stock rated a long-term 'Buy' or
“Speculative Buy’ could be considered susceptible to a downward price correction, or other factors may exist that lead the research
analyst to suggest a sale over the short-term. Short-term trade ideas are not ratings, nor are they part of any ratings system, and
the firm does not intend, and does not undertake any obligation, to maintain or update short-term trade ideas. Short-term trade
ideas are not suitable for all investors and are not tailored to individual investor circumstances and objectives, and investors should
make their own independent decisions regarding any securities or strategies discussed herein. Please contact your salesperson for
more information regarding Canaccord Genuity’s research.
For Canadian Residents:
This research has been approved by Canaccord Genuity Corp., which accepts sole responsibility for this research and its dissemination
in Canada. Canaccord Genuity Corp. is registered and regulated by the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO) and
is a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund. Canadian clients wishing to effect transactions in any designated investment
discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity Corp. in their particular province or territory.
For United States Persons:
Canaccord Genuity LLC, a US registered broker-dealer, accepts responsibility for this research and its dissemination in the United
States. This research is intended for distribution in the United States only to certain US institutional investors. US clients wishing to
effect transactions in any designated investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity LLC.
Analysts employed outside the US, as specifically indicated elsewhere in this report, are not registered as research analysts with
FINRA. These analysts may not be associated persons of Canaccord Genuity LLC and therefore may not be subject to the FINRA Rule
2241 and NYSE Rule 472 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a
research analyst account.
For United Kingdom and European Residents:
This research is distributed in the United Kingdom and elsewhere Europe, as third party research by Canaccord Genuity Limited,
which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. This research is for distribution only to persons who are Eligible
Counterparties or Professional Clients only and is exempt from the general restrictions in section 21 of the Financial Services and
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  7
 


[Page 8]
Fluence Energy
Lowering Target Price
Markets Act 2000 on the communication of invitations or inducements to engage in investment activity on the grounds that it is being
distributed in the United Kingdom only to persons of a kind described in Article 19(5) (Investment Professionals) and 49(2) (High Net
Worth companies, unincorporated associations etc) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005
(as amended). It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons. This material is
not for distribution in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in Europe to retail clients, as defined under the rules of the Financial Conduct
Authority.
For Jersey, Guernsey and Isle of Man Residents:
This research is sent to you by Canaccord Genuity Wealth (International) Limited (CGWI) for information purposes and is not to
be construed as a solicitation or an offer to purchase or sell investments or related financial instruments. This research has been
produced by an affiliate of CGWI for circulation to its institutional clients and also CGWI. Its contents have been approved by CGWI
and we are providing it to you on the basis that we believe it to be of interest to you. This statement should be read in conjunction
with your client agreement, CGWI's current terms of business and the other disclosures and disclaimers contained within this
research. If you are in any doubt, you should consult your financial adviser.
CGWI is licensed and regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission, the Jersey Financial Services Commission and the
Isle of Man Financial Supervision Commission. CGWI is registered in Guernsey and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Canaccord Genuity
Group Inc.
For Australian Residents:
This research is distributed in Australia by Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited ABN 19 075 071 466 holder of AFS Licence No
234666. To the extent that this research contains any advice, this is limited to general advice only. Recipients should take into
account their own personal circumstances before making an investment decision. Clients wishing to effect any transactions in any
financial products discussed in the research should do so through a qualified representative of Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited
or its Wealth Management affiliated company, Canaccord Genuity Financial Limited ABN 69 008 896 311 holder of AFS Licence No
239052. This report should be read in conjunction with the Financial Services Guide available here - Financial Services Guide.
For Hong Kong Residents:
This research is distributed in Hong Kong by Canaccord Genuity (Hong Kong) Limited which is licensed by the Securities and Futures
Commission. This research is only intended for persons who fall within the definition of professional investor as defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance. It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of
persons. Recipients of this report can contact Canaccord Genuity (Hong Kong) Limited. (Contact Tel: +852 3919 2561) in respect of
any matters arising from, or in connection with, this research.
Additional information is available on request.
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Corp. 2026 – Member CIRO/Canadian Investor Protection Fund
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Limited. 2026 – Member LSE, authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity LLC 2026 – Member FINRA/SIPC
Copyright © Canaccord Genuity (Australia) Limited. 2026 – Participant of ASX Group, Cboe Australia and of the NSX. Authorized and
regulated by ASIC.
All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under copyright to Canaccord
Genuity Corp., Canaccord Genuity Limited, Canaccord Genuity LLC or Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. None of the material, nor its
content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any other party, without the prior express
written permission of the entities listed above.
None of the material, nor its content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, reproduced, or distributed to any
other party including by way of any form of social media, without the prior express written permission of the entities
listed above.
Buy unchanged Target Price US$15.00 from US$24.00  | 16 September 2026
Sustainability  8
 
