[Page 1]
Michael Snaith 
+852-2978-0455 | 
michael.snaith@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. 
Caleb Chan 
+852-2978-0790 | caleb.chan@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
The 720: China Internet, US FOMC, Anta Sports, HK Property, HK 
Exchanges, Trip.com, MHI, Otsuka, GFS, Iron Ore, ABI
17 September 2026 | 7:15AM HKT
In Focus | China Internet 
China Internet & AI Models – Key Themes and Refreshed Ideas Into Year-End. We 
refresh our China Internet and AI sub-sector preferences into year-end, elevating 
Games & Entertainment to our top pick for defensive growth, followed by Cloud & 
Data Centers and Verticals/Education, as soft macro trends continue to weigh on 
eCommerce. We highlight key Buy-rated ideas including Tencent, NetEase, Alibaba, 
VNET, New Oriental, Beike, JD, and MiniMax, supported by resilient AI cloud 
momentum, cost efficiencies, and compelling valuations. Factoring in elevated AI 
investments and recent equity fundings, we trim our 12m TP for Tencent (0700.HK) 
to HK$650 alongside 2H26E EPS cuts of up to 5%, and lower our 12m TP for Alibaba 
(BABA) to US$177/HK$172 to reflect dilution, despite raising our 
September-quarter cloud growth estimate to 53% on strong compute demand. 
Ronald Keung 
Listen Up - GS Webcasts on the Agenda 
Japan Matters: BoJ Preview & Implications for Banks | 830am HK | Access Webinar | 
with Tomohiro Ota, Makoto Kuroda, Michael Snaith 
China Internet: Asia Leaders & Communacopia+Tech Conferences Takeaways | 
430pm HK | Access Webinar | with Ronald Keung, Lincoln Kong, Timothy Zhao, 
Michael Snaith 
US Macro | Fed Rate hike 
US Macro – FOMC Hikes by 25bp; Median Dot Shows One Additional Hike in 2026 
and No Policy Changes in 2027. The FOMC raised the funds rate target range by 25bp 
to 3.75-4.00% at its September meeting, marking the first hike since July 2023 as 
policymakers highlighted that inflation remains elevated. We note the median 
forecast in the Summary of Economic Projections (SEP) now anticipates one 
additional hike in 2026 with no rate changes projected for 2027, whereas we 
previously expected a majority to show only one total hike for the year. Furthermore, 
the median SEP raised 2026 projections for headline and core PCE inflation to 3.7% 
and 3.4% respectively, alongside modeling higher GDP growth and a lower 4.1% 
unemployment rate through 2028. Jan Hatzius 
GS Events | Anta Sports 
Anta Sports Products – Global Consumer and Retail Conference 2026 Key Takeaways 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
– Buy. Management notes increased confidence in the outlook, with sales momentum 
improving from mid-August following a soft July, and expects upcoming holidays and 
shopping festivals to support fourth-quarter trading. While Nike’s online channel reform 
could drive near-term promotional activity, management sees long-term industry 
benefits and aims to leverage its multi-brand portfolio to achieve leading market share 
in China. Additionally, ASEAN remains the primary focus for global expansion, and 
management expects the Puma acquisition to close in the first half of the fourth quarter 
before pausing further M&A. 12m TP of HK$108. Michelle Cheng 
HK Policy Address | HK Property & HK Exchanges 
Hong Kong Real Estate – HK Policy Address and Inaugural 5-Year Plan. We see no 
significant property stimulus in the 2026 Hong Kong Policy Address, which aligns with 
expectations and instead emphasizes long-term housing supply alongside the 
accelerated development of the Northern Metropolis. The government reiterated its 
10-year housing target of 420,000 new units and introduced minor demand-side 
measures, including tax incentives and raising the maximum mortgage loan-to-value 
ratio to 95% for eligible families with newborns. While near-term sector performance 
remains dictated by interest rates and macro factors, we maintain our view that the 
Hong Kong property market is entering a multi-year upcycle driven by an ongoing 
demand and supply imbalance. We continue to prefer developers with abundant sellable 
resources and solid balance sheets, including Buy-rated SHKP, Henderson Land, and Sino 
Land. Simon Cheung 
Hong Kong Exchanges – HK five-year plan supportive of multi-asset strategy – Buy (on 
CL). We believe Hong Kong’s 2026 annual Policy Address and first five-year plan support 
HKEX’s strategic goal of developing a multi-asset ecosystem, leading to an increase in 
product offerings and liquidity. Key near-term initiatives include streamlining listing 
requirements, preparing for a potential T+1 settlement cycle, broadening the ETF 
ecosystem, and accelerating the development of an international gold trading hub. We 
continue to see expanding fixed income and currency products as the next growth 
engine, benefiting from the push for RMB internationalization and improved mainland 
connectivity, underpinning our 12m TP of HK$532. Thomas Wang 
Results | Trip.com, GF Securities 
Trip.com Group – 2Q26 Results Inline With Resilient Guidance – Buy. We view the recent 
pullback as a buying opportunity following broadly inline 2Q26 results, as 3Q26 revenue 
growth guidance of 1-6% year-over-year came in better than feared despite macro 
headwinds and the transition to a new hotel tiering system. While we lower our 
FY26-28E adjusted earnings estimates by 2% to 6% and trim our 12m TPs to 
US$68/HK$536 to reflect near-term domestic travel softness, we remain constructive 
driven by sustained strength in the international Trip.com platform and stabilizing hotel 
take rates. We expect structural tailwinds from inbound travel and overseas expansion 
to offset domestic volatility, leaving the stock trading at an attractive trough valuation. 
Simon Cheung 
GF Securities – Asset management strength and overseas expansion support ROE – Buy 
A / Neutral H. We raise our 2026-28E revenue and NPAT forecasts by 5% on average and 
lift our 12m TPs to HK$23.55 for H-shares and Rmb37.81 for A-shares following strong 
2Q26 results that demonstrated improving balance-sheet utilization. The upward 
17 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 3]
revisions reflect stronger investment income assumptions, increased leverage utilization, 
and faster overseas earnings contributions supported by an upcoming HK$6.1bn capital 
injection into international operations. We believe structural drivers, including this 
offshore expansion that yields higher marginal returns than the domestic franchise, 
alongside resilient asset and wealth management earnings, will sustain ROE 
improvements and reduce dependence on cyclical market activity. Shuo Yang 
Themes in Play | Fujitsu, MHI, Otsuka 
Fujitsu – CPU/AI Servers and Value-Based Pricing Drive Earnings Upside – Buy. Following 
the company’s IR Day, we see substantial earnings upside potential from FY3/28 driven 
by the newly announced in-house MONAKA CPU and AI servers, which target cumulative 
sales of ¥250 billion through FY3/31. To address concerns that AI-led productivity gains 
could compress project unit prices, management plans to accelerate its IT services shift 
toward a value-based pricing model, aiming to raise its value pricing ratio from 20% to 
60% by FY3/31. Furthermore, internal AI-driven development is steadily contributing to 
margin improvements that we expect will outstrip the sector average as the company 
transitions toward multi-AI agent utilization. Supported by strong sovereign AI demand 
and a unique structural growth story, we maintain our 12m TP of ¥4,590. Chikai Tanaka 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries – Capital and business alliance with PFN – Buy. We highlight 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries’ announced ¥10bn capital and business alliance with 
Preferred Networks (PFN) to accelerate the joint R&D and real-world deployment of 
autonomous machinery across mission-critical domains like defense, aerospace, and 
space. We expect this partnership—combining MHI’s hardware and field data expertise 
with PFN’s vertically integrated domestic AI technologies—to accelerate product 
development for new warfare strategies, including coordinated manned and unmanned 
aircraft operations. We are also monitoring whether this collaboration will shorten 
production lead times and improve overall processing efficiency, underpinning our 12m 
TP of ¥6,200. Yuichiro Isayama 
Otsuka HD – Voyxact Blockbuster Expectations Unchanged – Buy. Following a 5% share 
price decline prompted by competitor VERA’s data release for Trutakna, we see no need 
to alter our view that Voyxact maintains solid positioning and high prospects of 
becoming a blockbuster. We view Voyxact’s efficacy as fully competitive, and Trutakna’s 
initial patient start forms do not look high compared to Voyxact’s strong early launch 
trajectory. Furthermore, Voyxact retains significant advantages driven by its first-mover 
status in an under-penetrated market, lower switching risks for long-term treatments, 
and superior administration convenience. We maintain our 12m TP of ¥14,000 ahead of 
upcoming Phase 3 data presentations at Kidney Week and third-quarter results in 
October. Akinori Ueda 
Commodities | Iron Ore 
Global Metals & Mining – Iron Ore Cost Curve. We estimate the global iron ore marginal 
cost has increased by over 20% over the past two years to US$95/t, up from US$75/t in 
2024, driven by higher mining costs, elevated freight rates, sustaining capex, and 
declining product grades. With over 200Mt of supply now cash negative at or below 
US$95/t, we see this level as a solid near-term downside price support, particularly as 
some high-cost producers have already announced production cuts. While we expect 
iron ore demand to soften from October amidst increasing low-cost seaborne exports 
17 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 4]
and lower Chinese steel production, structural tailwinds from mine depletion support 
our 2027 price forecast of US$96/t and our long-run 2030 forecast of US$95-100/t 
nominal. Paul Young 
GS SUSTAIN | Demographic Dilemma 
GS SUSTAIN – Demographics to Demand. In the latest installment of our Demographic 
Dilemma series, we address the key debates raised by investors on the implications of 
longer lifespans and lower fertility rates for product, industry, and company-specific 
demand. We see aging and declining populations playing a critical role in reshaping 
long-term product demand as the global fertility rate is expected to fall below 
replacement levels in 2026 and core consumer bases peak in developed economies. We 
highlight structural demand tailwinds for healthcare, home improvement, utilities, and 
cruise lines, alongside mounting headwinds for education, apparel, general electronics, 
and vehicles. With the global over-65 population set to double by 2050 and younger 
labor pools shrinking, we expect companies to increasingly deploy product-as-a-service 
models, automation, and geographic expansion to offset domestic volume declines and 
intensifying industry competition. Evan Tylenda 
Around the World | ABI, Global Retail, Prosus/Naspers 
Anheuser-Busch InBev – Expanding capital allocation optionality amid strong FCF – Buy. 
We raise our 12m TP to €86 (ADR $99) and edge up our underlying EPS estimates by 
0.4%-0.7% to reflect foreign exchange movements and higher dividend expectations. As 
leverage approaches the company’s 2x net debt-to-EBITDA target, we see material 
upside for accelerated capital returns, forecasting a doubled interim dividend of €0.30 
and expanded annual share buybacks. These returns are supported by best-in-class free 
cash flow generation, which we expect to reach $12.8bn in FY26 driven by 1.1% organic 
volume growth, resilient pricing, and fading transactional FX headwinds. Olivier Nicolaï 
Global Retail – Global Consumer and Retail Conference 2026 — Day 2 Takeaways. We 
observe a consistent message of consumer resilience balanced by heightened 
discernment, with lower-income cohorts adopting cautious, value-seeking spending 
habits in response to elevated fuel costs. To navigate this uncertainty, management 
teams are actively protecting margins through strategic pricing, product mix 
optimizations, and strict cost discipline. Most companies expect consumer health to 
remain stable through the second half of the year and anticipate higher average unit 
retail prices next year, while increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence, social 
commerce, and alternative revenue streams to drive incremental operating income. Kate 
McShane 
Prosus/Naspers – European Communacopia Conference Takeaways – Neutral. 
Management highlighted that despite competitors tripling investments in Brazil, iFood’s 
peak 2Q27 spend is helping stabilize market share, confirming FY27 iFood EBITDA 
guidance of $100-150mn. For Just Eat, management expects to exit FY27 with positive 
order growth and $100mn in EBITDA, while noting OLX could contribute $500mn in 
EBITDA and $400mn in free cash flow. Additionally, the company reaffirmed its $5bn 
FY27 buyback, aiming to fund it through Tencent dividends and potential asset sales like 
Delivery Hero and Meituan stakes rather than solely selling Tencent shares. Our 12m TP 
is €39 for Prosus and ZAR 864 for Naspers. Adam Berlin 
Graphic language | China Internet - key stock ideas by preferred sub-sector 
17 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
GS Events (Home Page here) 
Asia Healthcare CDMO Day | Singapore | 23-25 Sep 
n
Vietnam Corporate Day | Singapore | 5-6 Oct 
n
APAC Healthcare Corporate Day 2026 - Part I | Hong Kong | 3-6 Nov 
n
Japan Conference | Tokyo | 30 Nov - 4 Dec
n
 
 
 
 
17 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 6]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Michael Snaith and Caleb Chan, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject 
company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the 
specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Michael Snaith Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Caleb Chan Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
17 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 7]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
17 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 8]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
17 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 9]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
17 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 
