[Page 1]
EQUITY RESEARCH
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
September 17, 2026
For Full Comments and Required Non-U.S. Analyst and Conflicts Disclosures, please click on the links below.
Premium Research
RBC Elements™: RBC Luxury Price Tracker
Summary
3Q26 - Pricing modest but remains visible
Company Comments
Barratt Redrow PLC
Summary
Model Update
Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc.
Summary
Model update post Q1 earnings
Industry Comments
Global mining equipment - Rock on
Summary
Sustained capex upcycle supports 32% average upside
Help To Buy
Summary
Does 'Very high value for money' mean green lights ahead?
Industrial Metals Weekly
Summary
Mixed signals on the macro and supply sides
Quick Takes
Priced as of prior day's market close, EST (unless otherwise noted).


[Page 2]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
Premium Research
Piral Dadhania (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8644; piral.dadhania@rbccm.com
RBC Elements™: RBC Luxury Price Tracker
Published September 17 2026 00:45:00 EDT
3Q26 - Pricing modest but remains visible
Actual price increases in 3Q26 have been nominal (+0.1% QoQ) with annualised
price increases (+3.6%) supported by prior period adjustments (4Q25-2Q26
inclusive). In the absence of further adjustments, we are likely to see price
contribution roll-off in 4Q26 as US tariff and Japan FX related price increases in prior
periods roll off.
By category, Jewellery brands have made larger price increases (+8.6% yoy) than
Soft Luxury (+2.4% yoy), supportive for Richemont Jewellery Maison and LVMH
Watches & Jewellery. By region, yoy price increases are more meaningful for
Jewellery brands in Japan (+15.9% yoy) and the US (+12.1% yoy), high single digit in
China and low-mid single digit in Europe. For Soft Luxury, we note low to mid single
digit price increases across regions. By company - LVMH (Fashion & Leather Goods
+3.4% YoY and Watches & Jewellery +9.6% YoY), Richemont Jewellery Maison
(+6.2% ex Watches) and Hermès (+2.3%). Gucci has reduced prices by 20-30% for a
range of Clothing and to a lesser extent Handbag SKUs. Stock implications - Positive
for Richemont (OP), more neutral for LVMH (OP) given stable price contribution
and mixed for Kering (SP) with price reductions at Gucci confirming ongoing brand
repositioning.
Company Comments
Anthony Codling (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8145; anthony.codling@rbccm.com
Oliver Dyson (Equity Author)
+44 20 7002 2645; oliver.dyson@rbccm.com
Barratt Redrow PLC (LSE: BTRW; 276.40)
Published September 16 2026 11:37:50 EDT
Model Update
Rating:
Outperform
Price Target:
350
Our view: We update our Barratt estimates (small tweaks) following the publication
of updated guidance at their FY2026 results. These results represented the end
of an era with long serving CEO David Thomas delivering his last set of full year
results after 17 years with the Group (six as CFO and 11 as CEO). His time coincides
with Barratt having been a five-star builder for 17 years on the trot, and whilst he
passes the credit to his colleagues, his leadership track record sets a high bar for
his replacement.
Karl Green (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8837; karl.green@rbccm.com
Andrew Brooke (Analyst)
+44 20 7002 2262; andrew.brooke@rbccm.com
Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SUNB; 71.89)
Published September 16 2026 12:46:05 EDT
Model update post Q1 earnings
Rating:
Sector Perform
Price Target:
80.00
Our view: We make relatively minor changes to estimates post SUNB's better-than-
forecast fiscal Q127 earnings. Our EPS estimates for FY27 and FY28 rise by 2.8% and
0.3%, respectively, with positive operating leverage at the Adj. EBIT level, flowing
through to the bottom line at a similar magnitude, as we assume slightly higher
variable funding costs and higher capex drives up net finance charges. Our Sector
September 17, 2026
2


[Page 3]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
Perform rating and $80 price target are both unchanged.
Industry Comments
Nick Housden, CFA (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8831; nick.housden@rbccm.com
Global mining equipment - Rock on
Published September 17 2026 00:45:00 EDT
Sustained capex upcycle supports 32% average upside
Our view: Mining equipment remains one of the most attractive industrial niches,
in our view. Despite strong recent performance, we see a further 32% implied
upside at Outperform-rated names. Rising mining investment remains the key
driver: our 80-company proprietary mining capex tracker indicates +9% y/y growth
in outlays in 2026e (led by gold up +35%), followed by +7% growth in 2027e. Since
2019, we calculate that mining capex has grown at close to a 10% CAGR. Despite
this, the market remains tight; we continue to expect MSD-HSD growth through at
least 2030, with RBC's Mining team estimating that >$200bn in incremental capex
is needed in copper alone to meet demand. This tailwind is already visible at the
equipment names, where Q2 saw DD organic order growth in the upstream and
downstream, in both OE and service. In Europe, our preferred names are Weir,
FLSmidth, Sandvik and Metso (all Outperform-rated). In North America, we rate
equipment dealers Finning and Toromont at Outperform.
Anthony Codling (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8145; anthony.codling@rbccm.com
Help To Buy
Published September 17 2026 00:45:00 EDT
Does 'Very high value for money' mean green lights ahead?
Our view: The MHCLG-commissioned evaluation of Help to Buy concluded that
it: represented 'very high value for money'; boosted housing supply; increased
homeownership; Help to Buy customers were largely happy; is likely to have
contributed to 'slightly' higher house prices; and had a positive impact on
housebuilders financial performance. On a traffic light system, we see mainly green
traffic lights, with perhaps a couple on amber, but interestingly we struggled to see
any red lights. No policy is perfect, but the conclusion of the evaluation was that
Help to Buy delivered on its core policy objectives and to date has delivered a net
present social value of +£25.1bn against a net cost of just £3.6bn. This report could
have delivered a 'computer says no' conclusion to the prospect of Help to Buy 3,
but our take is an emphatic 'computer says yes'.
Sam Crittenden, P.Eng., CFA (Analyst)
(416) 842-7886; sam.crittenden@rbccm.com
Industrial Metals Weekly
Published September 16 2026 12:45:34 EDT
Mixed signals on the macro and supply sides
Our view: Copper prices have pulled back from recent all-time highs to ~$6.37/lb as
reports of no US copper tariffs unwound some of the physical market speculation,
compressing the LME/CME arbitrage to ~0% while macro headwinds also arose.
Market-implied odds of a rate hike next week are at ~90% following last week's
hotter-than-expected CPI print which is coinciding with rising long-end yields as
well. On the supply side, yesterday Russia banned sulphuric acid exports through
end-2026 to protect domestic industrial and fertilizer supply notable given nearly
all of its exports flow to Kazakhstan (world's 10th-largest copper producer, and
12th-largest sulphuric acid exporter), mirroring China's similar ban in May. As such,
reduced acid availability and higher prices could spur production cuts for oxide
producers. Adding to supply concerns, Codelco output fell 5% y/y in July to 112,800t
September 17, 2026
3


[Page 4]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
while Chile's overall production dropped 9.4%, attributed to severe weather and
maintenance, with Cochilco projecting a ~2.5% full-year decline in 2026. Despite
near-term price weakness, fundamentals remain constructive: TC/RC charges hit
a fresh all-time low of -$220/t and the Chinese import premium rose $15/t w/w
to $95/t while supply-side challenges persist. See our recent Copper Outlook for
more details.
Quick Takes
Tom Narayan (Analyst)
(212) 428-2364; tom.narayan@rbccm.com
Global Autos: S&P Global Lifts September 2026 Production
Forecast
Published September 16 2026 15:51:53 EDT
September 17, 2026
4


[Page 5]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
Disclaimer
RBC Capital Markets is the business name used by certain branches and subsidiaries of the Royal Bank of Canada, including RBC Dominion Securities Inc., RBC
Capital Markets, LLC, RBC Europe Limited, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, Royal Bank of Canada, Hong Kong Branch, Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch
and Royal Bank of Canada, Sydney Branch. The information contained in this report has been compiled by RBC Capital Markets from sources believed to be reliable,
but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by Royal Bank of Canada, RBC Capital Markets, its affiliates or any other person as to its accuracy,
completeness or correctness. All opinions and estimates contained in this report constitute RBC Capital Markets' judgement as of the date of this report, are
subject to change without notice and are provided in good faith but without legal responsibility. Nothing in this report constitutes legal, accounting or tax advice or
individually tailored investment advice. This material is prepared for general circulation to clients and has been prepared without regard to the individual financial
circumstances and objectives of persons who receive it. The investments or services contained in this report may not be suitable for you and it is recommended
that you consult an independent investment advisor if you are in doubt about the suitability of such investments or services. This report is not an offer to sell or
a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original
capital may occur. RBC Capital Markets research analyst compensation is based in part on the overall profitability of RBC Capital Markets, which includes profits
attributable to investment banking revenues. Every province in Canada, state in the U.S., and most countries throughout the world have their own laws regulating
the types of securities and other investment products which may be offered to their residents, as well as the process for doing so. As a result, the securities
discussed in this report may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. RBC Capital Markets may be restricted from publishing research reports, from time to
time, due to regulatory restrictions and/ or internal compliance policies. If this is the case, the latest published research reports available to clients may not reflect
recent material changes in the applicable industry and/or applicable subject companies. RBC Capital Markets research reports are current only as of the date set
forth on the research reports. This report is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as securities broker or dealer in any
jurisdiction by any person or company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or dealer in that jurisdiction. To the full extent
permitted by law neither RBC Capital Markets nor any of its affiliates, nor any other person, accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential
loss arising from, or in connection with, any use of this report or the information contained herein. No matter contained in this document may be reproduced or
copied by any means without the prior written consent of RBC Capital Markets in each instance.
Additional information is available on request.
To U.S. Residents:
This publication has been approved by RBC Capital Markets, LLC (member FINRA, NYSE, SIPC), which is a U.S. registered broker-dealer and which accepts
responsibility for this report and its dissemination in the United States. Any U.S. recipient of this report that is not a registered broker-dealer or a bank acting in
a broker or dealer capacity and that wishes further information regarding, or to effect any transaction in, any of the securities discussed in this report, should
contact and place orders with RBC Capital Markets, LLC.
To Canadian Residents:
This publication has been approved by RBC Dominion Securities Inc.(member CIRO). Any Canadian recipient of this report that is not a Designated Institution in
Ontario, an Accredited Investor in British Columbia or Alberta or a Sophisticated Purchaser in Quebec (or similar permitted purchaser in any other province) and
that wishes further information regarding, or to effect any transaction in, any of the securities discussed in this report should contact and place orders with RBC
Dominion Securities Inc., which, without in any way limiting the foregoing, accepts responsibility for this report and its dissemination in Canada.
To U.K. Residents:
This publication has been approved by RBC Europe Limited ('RBCEL') which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority ('FCA') and the Prudential Regulation Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. This material is not for general
distribution in the United Kingdom to retail clients, as defined under the rules of the FCA. RBCEL accepts responsibility for this report and its dissemination in
the United Kingdom.
To EEA Residents:
This material is distributed in the EU by either RBCEL on an authorised cross-border basis, or by RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH (RBC EG) which is authorised
and regulated in Germany by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority) (BaFin).
To Persons Receiving This Advice in Australia:
This material has been distributed in Australia by Royal Bank of Canada, Sydney Branch (ABN 86 076 940 880, AFSL No. 246521). This material has been prepared for
general circulation and does not take into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of any recipient. Accordingly, any recipient should, before acting on
this material, consider the appropriateness of this material having regard to their objectives, financial situation and needs. If this material relates to the acquisition
or possible acquisition of a particular financial product, a recipient in Australia should obtain any relevant disclosure document prepared in respect of that product
and consider that document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. This research report is not for retail investors as defined in section
761G of the Corporations Act.
To persons receiving this from Royal Bank of Canada, Hong Kong Branch:
This document is distributed in Hong Kong by Royal Bank of Canada, Hong Kong Branch which is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities
and Futures Commission. This document is not for distribution in Hong Kong, to investors who are not “professional investors”, as defined in the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of Hong Kong) and any rules made under that Ordinance. This document has been prepared for general circulation and does not take
into account the objectives, financial situation, or needs of any recipient. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. WARNING: The contents of
this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Investors are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment. If you are
in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice.
To persons receiving this from Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch:
This publication is distributed in Singapore by the Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch, a registered entity licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
This publication is not for distribution in Singapore, to investors who are not “accredited investors” and “institutional investors”, as defined in the Securities and
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore. This publication has been prepared for general circulation and does not take into account the objectives, financial situation, or
needs of any recipient. You are advised to seek independent advice from a financial adviser before purchasing any product. If you do not obtain independent
advice, you should consider whether the product is suitable for you. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. If you have any questions related
to this publication, please contact the Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch.
To Japanese Residents:
Unless otherwise exempted by Japanese law, this publication is distributed in Japan by or through RBC Capital Markets (Japan) Ltd. which is a Financial Instruments
Firm registered with the Kanto Local Financial Bureau (Registered number 203) and a member of the Japan Securities Dealers Association (JSDA) and the Financial
Futures Association of Japan (FFAJ).
September 17, 2026
5


[Page 6]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
.® Registered trademark of Royal Bank of Canada. RBC Capital Markets is a trademark of Royal Bank of Canada. Used under license.
Copyright © RBC Capital Markets, LLC 2026 - Member SIPC
Copyright © RBC Dominion Securities Inc. 2026 - Member Canadian Investor Protection Fund
Copyright © RBC Europe Limited 2026
Copyright © Royal Bank of Canada 2026
All rights reserved
September 17, 2026
6
