[Page 1]
 
 
 
SEPTEMBER 28, 2026 
 
IDEAS & INSIGHTS – IN BRIEF 
• 
MARKET UPDATES – US/Iran, Fedspeak updates; Previews for JOLTS and MU. 
• 
TRADING DESK COMMENTARY – Desk commentary on Tech (Meta, NVDA buybacks) and 
Financials. 
• 
US MKT INTEL VIEW – We return to our Tactically Bullish view and update the Monetization 
Menu. 
 
AFTERNOON UPDATES (NEWS LINKS) 
• 
SPX -0.8%, NDX -1.1%, RTY -0.7%. WTI +21bps at $92.60, NatGas -613bps to $3.00, UK 
NatGas +192bps to £1.8325, Gold +38bps to $4,131, Silver -568bps to $60.65, 10Y @ 5.236%, 
and VIX @ 16.07. 
• 
US: Stocks closed lower, though off the worst levels, amid a renewed bond selloff: 2-, 5-, 10- 
and 30y yields were up 6-7bp, with the 10y yield hitting 5.25% intraday, a 19-year high. The 
moves were less driven by a single event catalyst, especially given relatively muted oil price 
actions (WTI +1%) and mixed geopolitical headlines, but the combination of elevated oil prices, 
hawkish Fed rhetoric (Cook flagged that AI buildout itself can be inflationary) and macro data 
(today’s Dallas Fed Mfg index reiterated the high growth, high inflation narrative) weighed on 
risk. Tech and AI baskets broadly lagged, with the exception of the 1.7% rally in NVDA after its 
buyback announcement. META/CPI/Muse-related names were mostly laggards, with META -5% 
today. 
• 
EU/UK: European equities finished broadly flat. Bonds were mostly under pressure: 2y Gilt and 
Bund were up 9bp and 3bp, respectively. UK homebuilders (JPUKHOME) added 11% amid 
chatter around a positive policy development for first-time buyers (BBG). Thematically, luxury 
and most-shorted names outperformed, while Software, EU Defence and Electrification were 
among the laggards. UKX -0.1%, SX5E -0.0%, SXXP +0.0%, DAX -0.1%. 
 
CATALYSTS TOMORROW (FULL WEEK CALENDAR) 


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
US MACRO DATA TOMORROW: FHFA House Price Index at 9am ET. Conf. Board Consumer 
Confidence/Present Situation/Expectations and JOLTS Job Openings at 10am ET. Dallas Fed 
Services Activity at 10.30am ET. 
• 
US EARNINGS TOMORROW: CCL, CNXC, CRML, GLND 
• 
GLOBAL MACRO DATA TOMORROW: (UK) Mortgage Approvals and Money Supply M4 at 
4.30am ET. (Eurozone) Consumer Confidence (revision) at 5am ET. (Canada) GDP at 8.30am 
ET. (Japan) Retail Sales and IP at 7.50pm ET. (China) PMIs at 9.30pm ET. (China) 
RatingDog PMIs at 9.45pm ET. 
 
JPM MARKET INTEL EQUITY & MACRO NARRATIVE 
 
TODAY 
• 
US/IRAN – A slew of mixed headlines that put oil to end the day modestly higher: (i) Trump 
rejected Iran’s latest 7-day proposal; (ii) despite the rejection, negotiation efforts remain as the 
mediator said they are expected to hold separate discussions with Iranian FM in New York; (iii) 
the headlines around noon on “Iran said to offer enrichment half for sanctions relief” were 
supportive for risk assets and reversed the earlier oil rally; (iv) moreover, on the oil supply side, 
Saudi said it has restored a key pipeline to half of its capacity. 
• 
FEDSPEAK – Fedspeak today from Barkin and Cook gave further insights on how Fed officials 
see the current relationship between AI productivity and the Fed’s dual mandate. Cook’s 
comments flagged that in the near-term, AI can be inflationary from the demand side, ahead of 
the productivity benefits. See key headlines below: 
o *BARKIN: WOULDN'T SAY AI IS IMMUNE TO RATE PRESSURE 
o *FED'S BARKIN: LOW UNEMPLOYMENT RATE KEY FACTOR FOR CONSUMPTION 
o *COOK: SEE SOME ECONOMY-WIDE PRESSURE FROM AI-FUELED DEMAND 
o *FED’S COOK: AI PRODUCTIVITY GAINS WON’T OFFSET NEAR-TERM INFLATION 
• 
TECH (COMMENTS FROM JPM TRADER BRIAN HEAVEY) – META pulling back for second 
straight day despite the announcement of hiring MDB CEO and launching "META Enterprise 
Platform." Enterprise App software is seeing a meaningful pullback as a result (HUBS, ADBE, 
CRM, NOW). The popular infra SW longs are geting hit on a combo of MDB CEO leaving and 
SNOW convert (although we see minimal hedge impact). META Muse disruption names 
continue to get hit as well in the Internet space: JPUXCAIV. CPU plays that have benefitted from 
the META Muse optimism pulling back again as well.  INTC, AMD and ARM. Our FLOWS are 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
 
better or sale - selling CABLE names, profit-taking in META. Also seeing de-risking from LOs in 
infra SW. Seeing some covering in the beaten up MUSE/TAX loss names as well. 
 
TOMORROW / LATER THIS WEEK 
• 
JOLTS PREVIEW (FEROLI) – We [Feroli and team] project job openings in August as reported 
by the JOLTS report to rise to 7400mn from 7271mn in July, leaving the openings rate steady at 
4.4%. The Indeed index of new job openings remained broadly stable between the end of July 
and August, falling from 102.1 to 101.9, while the NFIB survey’s share of firms planning to 
increase employment inched down to 17% from a recent peak of 20% in July. The labor market 
differential from the Conference Board consumer confidence report rose to 7.5% for August, 
after reaching a low for the cycle at 2.7% in the prior month. The layoff and discharge rate has 
remained subdued. The information sector, which saw layoff rates spike through the beginning of 
the year, reversed much of that surge in July, falling 60bp along with a 20bp rise in openings, 
consistent with headlines about firms in the sector launching initiatives to re-hire former workers. 
• 
MU PREVIEW & BUYSIDE BAR (JOSH MEYERS) – Harlan Sur previewed the print this 
morning, and feedback so far is that he's quite bullish. He expects a beat vs. Street, driven by 
DRAM ASPs up 20%+ QoQ and NAND ASPs up similarly Q, and with HBM4 12-high mix (>$1b 
shipped as of May-Q, ramping 2x faster than HBM3E) and DC SSD revenue likely tracking 
above $5b again, providing further GM upside to the guided ~86%. On the F1Q27 guide, he 
expects management to raise well above Street consensus ($56.3b/86.5%/$35.71), underpinned 
by customer demand signals that have "increased even further" since the last print and 
management’s upgraded CY27 framing — now "even tighter" than CY26 — alongside a HBM 
TAM that management has raised to "easily crossing $100b" in CY27 (vs. Harlan's own model 
pointing to $160b/$282b in CY27E/28E on 54%/25% blended ASP hikes). Harlan expects the 
bigger structural catalyst to be the SCA disclosure in the 10-K: base case is bit production 
coverage has stepped to 35%+ (from ~20% DRAM/~33% NAND last quarter), with potential it's 
already at 50%+…and floor pricing on these agreements locks in GMs "well above" MU's prior 
~62% peak - a durability the market still underappreciates, given its historically cyclical lens on 
memory. Finally, the 12/9/26 CHIPS Act anniversary is a capital return inflection point; post that 
date MU commits to returning 100% of excess cash (buybacks primary), with FCF running at 
$24b+ in Aug-Q alone and cumulative FCF potentially approaching $200b through year-end 
CY27. I'll past my redacted Buyside Survey results below. 


[Page 4]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRADING DESK COMMENTARY 
• 
MARK SCHILSKY (TMT) – META Launches Enterprise Platform, Poaches MDB CEO (re: 
MSFT, Hyperscalers): Plot twist! Well-liked MDB CEO CJ Desai has left MDB to become 
META’s Chief Enterprise Platform Officer. MDB is unsurprisingly dipping on this news. But more 
importantly, META is launching the Meta Enterprise Platform to, “use our strengths that few other 
companies have: advanced models, leading agents, large-scale infrastructure, and years of 
working closely with many businesses. Initially, we will focus on bringing our full technology 
stack, including the Muse agent, Meta Business Agent, Muse API, Muse Code, and more to 
businesses and developers to help them grow.” So META is a hyperscaler now too? Bullish for 
META. Less so for MSFT, AMZN, etc 
• 
JOSHUA MEYERS (TMT) – NVDA (+1.3% on tne news): Announced an incremental $150b 
buyback through F28 (taking total buyback to $235b through the the next ~18 months). “This 
authorization reflects our confidence in the long-term opportunity ahead.” The incremental 
buyback is 2.77% of cap. 
• 
BRIAN HEAVEY (TMT) – MDB CEO CJJ Desai is leaving to pursue a senior role at META. 
META is launching Meta Enterprise Platform, "to help businesses use AI to grow and transform 
in new ways." Meta Enterprise Platform will use our strengths that few other companies have: 
advanced models, leading agents, large-scale infrastructure, and years of working closely with 
many businesses. Initially, we will focus on bringing our full technology stack, including the Muse 
agent, Meta Business Agent, Muse API, Muse Code, and more to businesses and developers to 
help them grow. 
• 
ROB O'DWYER (FINANCIALS) – Futures lower amidst higher oil and continued sell off in rates, 
latter remains major focus for fins. Approaching end 3Q, financials have sold off hard, nearing 
post-GFC/COVID relative valuation lows despite intact fundamentals. Key pressures: higher 
yields, slowing capital markets growth, and Agentic AI concerns hitting “friction” models. 4Q 
setup: banks, exchanges, payments, COF, and self-help names like BEN may work if stability 
returns. Citi/Coinbase stablecoin partnership shows crypto plumbing advancing despite no 
Clarity bill though I wonder how compelling this stablecoin offering is vs existing (higher yielding) 
deposits and forthcoming tokenized deposits. MBGL initiated Neutral: strong CARFAX moat, but 
execution/margin proof still needed. 


[Page 5]
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
BRIAN HEAVEY (TMT) – [Morning] Quick update: 10YR and oil continue to be a headwind for 
equities and we are seeing a relatively broad-based pullback to start the week.  Software and 
Semis both getting hit JP2SOF Index JP2SEM Index.   
o 2)  META pulling back for second straight day despite the announcement of hiring MDB 
CEO and launching "META Enterprise Platform." Enterprise App software is seeing a 
meaningful pullback as a result (HUBS, ADBE, CRM, NOW). The popular infra SW longs 
are geting hit on a combo of MDB CEO leaving and SNOW convert (although we see 
minimal hedge impact). META Muse disruption names continue to get hit as well in the 
Internet space: JPUXCAIV.  
o 3) CPU plays that have benefitted from the META Muse optimism pulling back again as 
well.  INTC, AMD and ARM.  
o 4) Our FLOWS are better or sale - selling CABLE names, profit-taking in META. Also 
seeing de-risking from LOs in infra SW. Seeing some covering in the beaten up 
MUSE/TAX loss names as well. 
 
US MKT INTEL VIEW – Below were published in the September 28th Morning Briefing 
• 
TACTICALLY BULLISH – We moved to a Cautious / Neutral stance on Aug 31 given 
uncertainty from the Fed, positioning, credit spreads, negative seasonality, and the Momentum 
unwind. We felt concentrating books around a +NDX vs. -RTY trade made sense. Since that call, 
SPX is +75bp and the +NDX / -RTY pair returned 7.9% with the US outperforming RoW. We now 
see a more favorable setup for markets as bond yields find a level and oil prices are likely to 
trend lower, albeit in a choppy fashion.  
• 
RATIONALE – (i) Macro Fundamentals – the Flash PMIs reflect stronger than expected / 
priced-in growth which should support hiring, consumption, and corporate earnings. SPX EPS 
growth is tied to nominal GDP growth, not real GDP growth, and current economic levels 
suggest that the earnings expectations are too low; (ii) Consumer Strength – there are fears 
surrounding the Consumer’s ability to navigate the inflation / rates environment and yet we 
continue to see spending defy expectations, supporting the economy, and refuting the K-shaped 
hypothesis. Now, the labor market is improving and supporting better consumer outcomes; (iii) 
Earnings Expectations – after printing a +52% earnings growth in 26Q2 the market sees ~29% 
for 26Q3, which may prove light, as all 11 sectors are expected to see positive revenue and 
positive EPS growth; (iv) Bond Yields May Stabilize – with growth inflecting higher and inflation 
data expected to be flat-to-dovish yields may find support at these levels. Jay Barry sees the 
10Y yield moving from 5.18% to 5.20% over the next month and then ending the year at 5.05%. 


[Page 6]
 
 
 
 
 
 
This would reduce bond vol and some of the bearish pressure on stocks; and, (v) Improving 
Technicals – here we flag improving seasonality, the potential for heightened Retail investor 
participation, and light positioning.  
• 
SHORT-TERM CATALYSTS – (i) Inflation Data – this week we have both PCE and ISM-Mfg, 
the latter’s Prices Paid component is an important forward-looking inflation data point with ISM-
Srvcs Prices Paid being more impactful. Hotter prints here could bear flatten the yield curve. CPI 
is on Oct 14 and the Fed on Oct 28; (ii) Labor Markets – improvements here will help the growth 
story supporting the Consumer story but with labor data we may be in a ‘Good News is Bad 
News’ mentality with the market pricing in additional hikes as the growth story improves; (iii) AI 
Datapoints – the theme received a boost from META’s Muse release and this week are 
OpenAI’s Dev Day and MU earnings; (iv) International Data Impact on US Yields – Tokyo CPI, 
China PMIs / Industrial Profits 
ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID vs. HEADLINE CPI YoY [3M LAGGED] 
 
• 
LONGER-TERM CONCERNS – (i) Is the bond market underpricing the amount of Fed hikes in 
this cycle? An economy, per Flash PMIs, that is growing 5% in real terms with increasing 
inflationary pressure likely needs a stronger hiking cycle especially if hiring continues to 
strengthen which will increase wage inflation; (ii) Does the market start to price in a 50bp move 
at any Fed meeting; (iii) When does Ag inflation hit and does it bleed into Core Inflation? (iv) 
Can anything work beside Tech? 


[Page 7]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg 
• 
MONETIZATION MENU – We still like Tech as a core Long but would no longer pair with a RTY 
short given squeeze risk from a move lower in oil / yields, which points to using a derivative 
expression to play the squeeze. Within Tech, there is likely to be a broadening with Semis and 
Mag7 potentially outperforming the Tech tape. Software seems to be slowly gaining traction but 
remains a non-consensus bullish play. The AI theme is likely to persist and we like owning the 
theme. Overall, we like Tech in the near-term with earnings likely to provide additional support. 
Ex-Tech, we think you need to see the yield curve bull steepening to see a persistent rally in 
Cyclicals; excluding AI-related plays, we favor Banks given the growth reboot, potentially steeper 
yield curve, and favorable capital markets outlook. Rate sensitives like Real Estate, Telecom, 
and Utilities may participate in a squeeze but we find those sectors most likely to lag the SPX, 
ex-AI plays. The biggest catalyst would be a US / Iran deal which would squeeze EU and RTY 
higher; plus, the COVID Reopening Theme (Airlines, Autos, Cruise Lines, Discretionary, Hotels, 
etc) is another area of interest with a preference to play via options.  
• 
OLD MONETIZATION MENU (SEP 21) –  We maintain our core view of +Tech vs. -RTY and 
that Tech view is a mix of Mag7, Memory, and Semis and would consider keeping the pair $-
neutral or market neutral. Early in hiking cycles, we tend to see USD bid higher and the yield 
curve flattening, combined this is supportive of a move towards Secular Growth / MegaCap 
Tech. Given the likelihood of higher yields and a stronger USD, we think the US can tactically 
outperform DM. That said, the fear / uncertainty around AI may push the market into non-AI 
plays which puts Latam in focus as a long play; we like Brazil / Latam irrespective of one’s views 
on AI. 
MAG7: FORWARD P/E vs. STANDARD DEVIATION 


[Page 8]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SOX: FORWARD P/E vs. STANDARD DEVIATION 
 
 
SOFTWARE: FORWARD P/E vs. STANDARD DEVIATION 


[Page 9]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NEWS LINKS 
• 
Bond Selloff Resumes as Oil Rises After Trump Spurns Iran Offer (BBG) 
• 
AI Breaches Add to Safety Fears as Trump Meets Anthropic Chief (BBG) 
• 
Iran Officials Pessimistic About Deal With US Before Midterms (BBG) 
• 
Saudi Arabia’s Crucial Oil Pipeline Starts Exports After Repairs (BBG) 
• 
Anthropic, OpenAI Executives Urge Oversight of Self-Improving AI (BBG) 
• 
Nvidia Share Buyback Plan Gets ＄150 Billion Boost (CNBC) 
• 
Nvidia’s Jensen Huang: AI Distillation, China (CNBC) 
• 
Treasury Yields, Bonds Selloff (CNBC) 
• 
Warren, Senate: AI Subsidies; Meta, Google, Amazon, Microsoft (CNBC) 
• 
US, Iran Set to Hold Separate Talks With Mediators Monday or Tuesday, Official Says (RTRS) 
• 
Iran Insists Diplomatic Solution After Trump Rejects Peace Plan (RTRS) 
• 
Nvidia Adds ＄150 Billion to Existing Share Repurchase Plan (RTRS) 
• 
Stock Market Today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq (WSJ) 
• 
Saudi Arabia Resumes Oil Exports via East-West Pipeline After Repairs, Sources Say (WSJ) 


[Page 10]
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Fed’s Cook Expects Continuing Inflation Pressure From AI Buildout in Coming Months (WSJ) 
• 
Eurozone Inflation Set to Rise, But No Signs Yet of Becoming Entrenched, ECB’s Lagarde Says 
(WSJ) 
 
WEEKLY ECONOMIC DATA / EARNINGS 
US CALENDAR 
ECONOMICS 
• 
SEP 28 – Dallas Fed Mfg Activity at 10.30am ET. 
• 
SEP 29 – FHFA House Price Index at 9am ET. Conf. Board Consumer Confidence/Present 
Situation/Expectations and JOLTS Job Openings at 10am ET. Dallas Fed Services Activity at 
10.30am ET. 
• 
SEP 30 – Mortgage Applications at 7am ET. ADP Employment Change at 8.15am ET. Retail 
Inventories, BEA Annual Revisions to GDP, PCE Price Index, GDP (2Q Revision), Goods Trade 
Balance and Wholesale Inventories at 8.30am ET. MNI Chicago PMI at 9.45am ET. 
• 
OCT 1 – Challenger Job Cuts at 5.30am ET. Initial/Continuing Jobless Claims and Initial Claims 
4-Wk Moving Avg at 8.30am ET. PMI-Mfg (revision) at 9.45am ET. ISM-Mfg (New 
Orders/Employment/Prices Paid) and Construction Spending at 10am ET.  
• 
OCT 2 – NFP, Unemployment Rate and Average Hourly Earnings at 8.30am ET. Factory 
Orders at 10am ET. 
 
EARNINGS 
• 
SEP 28 – JEF, KMX, MTN 
• 
SEP 29 – CCL, CNXC, CRML, GLND 
• 
SEP 30 – CAG, FDS, JBL, MU 
• 
OCT 1 – MKC, NKE 
• 
OCT 2 – USDE 
 
GLOBAL CALENDAR 
• 
SEP 28 – N/A 
• 
SEP 29 – (UK) Mortgage Approvals and Money Supply M4 at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) Consumer 
Confidence (revision) at 5am ET. (Canada) GDP at 8.30am ET. (Japan) Retail Sales and IP at 
7.50pm ET. (China) PMIs at 9.30pm ET. (China) RatingDog PMIs at 9.45pm ET. 


[Page 11]
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
SEP 30 – (Japan) Housing Starts at 1am ET. (UK) GDP (revision) and Private Consumption 
(revision) at 2am ET. (Japan) Machine Tool Orders (revision) at 2am ET. (France) CPI/PPI at 
2.45am ET. (Germany) Unemployment Change at 3.55am ET. (Germany) CPI/PPI at 8am ET. 
(Japan) Tankan Large Mfg Index and Japan Buying Foreign Bonds at 7.50pm ET. (Japan) PMIs 
(revision) at 8.30pm ET. 
• 
OCT 1 – (Eurozone) PMIs (revision) at 4am ET. (UK) PMIs (revision) at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) 
Unemployment Rate at 5am ET. (Canada) PMIs at 9.30am ET. (Japan) Tokyo CPI/PPI, 
Jobless Rate at 7.30pm ET. (Japan) Monetary Base at 7.50pm ET. 
• 
OCT 2 – (Eurozone) CPI/PPI at 5am ET. 
 
NEAR TERM CATALYSTS – CPI (Oct 14, Nov 10, Dec 10), ISM-Mfg (Oct 1, Nov 2, Dec 1), ISM-Srvcs 
(Oct 5, Nov 4, Dec 3), PMI-Mfg and PMI-Srvcs (Oct 23, Nov 23, Dec 16), NFP (Oct 2, Nov 6, Dec 4), 
PCE (Sep 30, Oct 29), Retail Sales (Sep 16, Oct 15). FED DATES: Oct 28, Dec 9 
 
AI / TECH CATALYSTS 
• 
OCT 13-15 – SEMICON West, SF 
• 
OCT 20-22 – NVIDIA GTC Berlin 
• 
OCT 25-28 – Oracle AI World Tour 2026 
• 
NOV 17-20 – Microsoft Ignite, SF 
• 
NOV 30 – DEC 4 – AWS re:Invent. 
 
POLITICAL CATALYSTS 
• 
OCT 4 – Brazil General Election (First Round). 
• 
OCT 4 – OPEC+ Meeting 
• 
OCT 12-18 – IMF-World Bank Annual Meeting 
• 
OCT 25 – Brazil General Election (Runoff). 
• 
OCT 27 – Israel Legislative Election 
• 
NOV 1 – Expiration of the one-year trade truce agreement between Trump and Xi. 
• 
NOV 3 – US Mid-term Election. 
• 
NOV 18-19 – APEC Economic Leaders Meeting (Shenzhen, China). 
• 
DEC 11 – US Government Funding deadline (The Hill) 
• 
DEC 15-16 – G20 Summit in Miami 


[Page 12]
 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
JAN 10, 2027 – US and China have agreed to extend the trade truce through January 20, 2027 
(NBC) 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Global Market Intelligence Contacts  
 
Andrew Tyler  |  Federico Manicardi |  Ellen Wang  |  Victoria Campos  
 
Data Assets & Alpha – delivering high frequency J. P. Morgan trading data and associated insights from the Market, Data and 
Positioning Intelligence teams.  Available through written product on JP Morgan Markets, conference calls & podcasts via 
platforms including Apple, Google and Spofy, and data feeds via the DataQuery application & Fusion platform.  
 
To sign up to this content or other written pieces from the Data Assets & Alpha Group, you may 
follow the steps below: 1) visit jpmm.com, select My Research => My Research Subscriptions (or use 
this link to MRS: https://markets.jpmorgan.com/#research.my_subscriptions.) 2) Navigate to “Sales 
& Trading” and subscribe to either Publication “DI, MI, PI” or to Authors. 
John Schlegel  |  Head of Data Assets & Alpha Group  |  +1-212-622-6512  |  john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
 
DA&A Website 
JPM Markets 
Conference Calls 
Podcasts 
Fusion & DataQuery 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Market Intelligence 
High frequency market insights and trade ideas leveraging macro, fundamental and political inputs 
  
Andrew Tyler | 1-212-622-8067 |  andrew.m.tyler@jpmorgan.com 
Federico Manicardi | +44-207-7427008 |  federico.manicardi@jpmorgan.com 
Ellen Wang | +1-212-270-0533 |  ellen.z.wang@jpmorgan.com 


[Page 13]
 
 
 
 
 
 
Victoria Campos | +44-203-493-4898 |  victoria.mf.campos@jpmorgan.com 
  
Data Intelligence 
Proprietary data and signals from our industry-leading Markets business, including equity signals, retail sentiment and volatility 
marks 
  
Luca Rainero |   +44-207-1348534 |  luca.rainero@jpmorgan.com 
Edwina Lowe |   +44-207-7423138 |  edwina.lowe@jpmorgan.com 
Maria Smedoiu  |  +44-203-4935504  |  maria.smedoiu@jpmorgan.com 
Ben Broughton  |  ben.broughton@jpmorgan.com 
 
Positioning Intelligence 
Proprietary positioning and flows-based data and analysis, based on the J. P. Morgan Prime book, Retail investor and ETF flows, 
among other sources.  Data sets including positioning, flows, crowding, leverage, performance and alpha, and grouped by sector, 
industry, factor and strategy 
  
John Schlegel | +1-212-622-6512 | john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
Jigar Vakharia | +44-203-493-0275 | jigar.r.vakharia@jpmorgan.com 
Sunny Potharaju | +1-212-622-3688 | sunny.potharaju@jpmorgan.com  
Chris Lam | chris.c.lam@jpmorgan.com 
 
jpmorgan.com | Privacy Policy | Online Activity Safeguards | Cookies Policy 
J.P. Morgan Market Intelligence is a product of the Prime Finance business of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the intellectual property thereof. It is not a product of the 
Research Department and is intended for distribution to institutional and professional customers only and is not intended for retail customer use. It may not be reproduced, 
redistributed, or transmitted, in whole or in part, without J.P. Morgan’s consent. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.  
This material may include summaries and references to recently published research notes and reports by J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments. For complete details on 
the specific companies mentioned, including analyst certification, valuations, and important investment banking related disclosures, you should refer to the most recently 
published note or report, which is available through www.jpmm.com. You may also find a link to the complete disclosure information on all companies covered by J.P. 
Morgan’s Equity Research Department on the log-in page of our institutional client website, https://jpmm.com/research/disclosures. This material also may include market 
commentary prepared by the individual author on specific companies or instruments that J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments may or may not cover. Unless otherwise 
specifically stated, any views or opinions expressed herein are solely those of the individual author and may differ from the views and opinions expressed by J.P. Morgan’s 
Research Departments or other divisions of J.P. Morgan and its affiliates.  
Structured securities, options, futures, and other derivatives are complex instruments, may involve a high degree of risk, and may be appropriate investments only for 
sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. Because of the importance of tax considerations to many option transactions, 
the investor considering options should consult with his/her tax advisor as to how taxes affect the outcome of contemplated option transactions. For further information on 
the risks involved with various option strategies, please consult the Options Clearing Corporations Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. The document can 
be viewed at: http://www.optionsclearing.com/publications/riskstoc.pdf.  
This material is provided for information only and is not intended as a recommendation or an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or financial 
instrument. This material is not a complete analysis of all material facts respecting any issuer, industry, or security or of your investment objectives, parameters, needs or 
financial situation, and therefore is not a sufficient basis alone on which to base an investment decision. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may have positions (long or short), 
effect transactions or make markets in securities or financial instruments mentioned herein (or options with respect thereto), or provide advice or loans to, or participate in 
the underwriting or restructuring of the obligations of, issuers mentioned herein. Moreover, a J.P. Morgan trading desk may have acted on the basis of this material. The 
information contained herein is as of the date and time referenced above and J.P. Morgan does not undertake any obligation to update such information. All market prices, 
data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
The investments discussed may fluctuate in price or value. Changes in rates of exchange may have an adverse effect on the value of investments. Transactions involving 
financial instruments mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors. J.P. Morgan has no obligation to update the Trade Idea(s). The validity period for the Trade 
Idea(s) is short term, it will last only as long as the market conditions at the time of dissemination. Any dates and times stated in the Trade Idea(s) may not be precise or 
exact and should be used for guidance only. Unless stated otherwise in the Trade Idea(s), the date and time of dissemination are the date and time the relevant Trade 
Idea(s) are communicated. J.P. Morgan may today, or in the future, do business or enter into transactions on a principal basis for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to 
which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable Trade Idea(s). J.P. Morgan employees or agents may personally hold 


[Page 14]
 
 
 
 
 
 
investments or enter transactions for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable 
Trade Idea(s).  
Supporting documentation or any claims, comparisons, recommendations, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. J.P. Morgan is the marketing 
name for the Corporate & Investment Bank of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member of SIPC, FINRA 
and NYSE. Clients should contact their salespersons at, and execute transactions through, a J.P. Morgan entity qualified in their home jurisdiction unless governing law 
permits otherwise.  
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including 
any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax related penalties.  
Copyright © 2026 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.  
 
 
