[Page 1]
1,300
1,350
1,400
1,450
1,500
1,550
1,600
Dec
Feb
Apr
Jun
Aug
Industrial Sector
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
Info. Tech.
Industrials
Financials
Cons. Stp.
Health C.
Utilities
Materials
Cons. Dis.
Real Est.
Com. Svc.
Energy
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
At the headline level, large-cap equities are broadly stable: the S&P 500 is only 0.7% below its all-time high from August 13. However, 
market participation has narrowed beneath the surface, with just ~25% of constituents trading above their 50-day moving average, the 
lowest-ever level when the S&P is within ~1% of its all-time high. The result is an index that appears strong, but the strength is fueled by 
a small number of stocks. Until yields stabilize, participation is likely to stay narrow, with Tech as the main driver of performance.
Monday, September 28, 2026
The S&P 500’s Industrials sector posted a gain last week for the first time in six weeks—yet it remains 8.5% below its August 14 record 
high. Record diesel prices have weighed on transportation companies, while a growing odds of divided government after the midterms 
have added uncertainty around defense spending. Even so, we remain constructive on the sector. As noted above, oil market pressures 
should ease in 2027, while ongoing data center investment continues to drive demand across a broad range of electrical equipment.
Sector Performance
With The Industrials Sector On The Cusp Of Correction Territory, We Remain Positive
S&P 500 Near All-Time High Despite Record-Narrow Participation
As Yields Rise For 4th Straight Week, There Is A Silver Lining For Investors: Historic Income Opportunities
With Treasury yields at multi-decade highs and uncertainty surrounding the Fed’s path ahead, incoming inflation and labor data will 
take on added importance for investors. Ahead of tomorrow’s JOLTS report, consensus points to job openings declining slightly but 
remaining above 7M. In Wednesday’s August PCE report—the Fed’s favored inflation metric—we expect the headline figure to hold at 
3.7% YoY, with core PCE edging up to 3.4%. We expect Friday’s payroll report to show ~70k jobs added in September.
A Busy Economic Calendar This Week Will Provide Insights On Inflation And The Labor Market
Source: FactSet
The US-Iran Conflict Reaches The 7-Month Mark—What’s The Latest On Oil, The Economy, And Markets? 
Source: FactSet
Chart of the Day: Cooling Engines 
Amid Strait of Hormuz and Red Sea shipping disruptions, exports remain curtailed. The resumption of US-Iran dialogue is encouraging, 
though with the White House rejecting Iran’s latest proposal, the timetable for a diplomatic off-ramp is murky. Our base case is for a 
gradual supply recovery, hence our 12-month WTI forecast of $65/barrel. As inflation cools, we expect bond yields to moderate from 
current levels. Equities continue to look past the conflict—in fact, Tech has outperformed Energy over the past seven months. 
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
0.5%
13.1%
7,743
-0.4%
7,769
10:30am
Dallas Fed Index
12.0
11.6
DJIA
0.9%
7.8%
51,829
-0.5%
51,912
-
-
-
-
NASDAQ 100
0.4%
21.2%
30,608
-0.8%
30,636
Russell 2000
0.1%
14.3%
2,838
-0.6%
2,843
MSCI EAFE*
0.5%
10.6%
1963
-0.6%
3163
10-Yr Yield**
-3
-4.5%
5.16%
--
--
USD Index
-0.3%
2.7%
100.97
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 09/25/2026)
(as of: 07:37 E.T.)
Today's  Events
Last week marked the fourth straight weekly increase in the 10-year Treasury yield, which rose 16 bps to 5.17%. A gain this week would 
mark the first five-week advance since 2023. Notably, last week's rise occurred even as oil prices fell ~4%, suggesting that oil’s influence 
on day-to-day yield moves may be fading. Instead, a combination of strong economic data, persistent Fed hawkishness, and technical 
factors pushed Treasury yields to multi-decade highs, creating opportunities for long-term investors to lock in higher income.
After reaching a record high in August, the 
Industrials sector has slid  ~8.5%.


[Page 2]
LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. The Dallas Fed Manufacturing Index is a monthly economic indicator that measures the health 
and performance of the manufacturing sector in Texas and parts of the surrounding region. JOLTS stands for the Job Openings and Labor Turnover 
Survey, a monthly economic indicator published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) price index is a 
key economic measure that tracks overall price changes for goods and services purchased by U.S. consumers. 
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. 
Data Source | FactSet as of 9/25/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
