[Page 1]
EYE ON THE MARKET • MICHAEL CEMBALEST • J.P. MORGAN • September 10, 2026 
US Economy and Iran War Tracker  Eye on the Market Recommendation Report Card 
 
 
1
Libertarians at the Gate: the remarkable and disturbing last 72 hours in AI 
A brief note on the extraordinary events of the last 72 hours: Anthropic power agreements, OpenAI Millennium 
and ARC prizes on remarkable jumps in model capabilities, disclosures by OpenAI and Anthropic regarding 
sandbox jailbreaks and coordinated AI agent swarm attacks, and the relentless campaign by frontier labs to 
argue for regulatory moats to dampen competitive threats from US/Chinese open models. 
[1] Power, power and more power 
Anthropic began the year with 1-2 GW of compute1 but according to a Sept 6 report has now committed to pay 
for access to another 15 GW of power that it will access over the next few years. The estimated cost: ~$500 bn 
to rent cloud capacity, chips and leases on data centers.  This compares to $180 bn of projected data center 
expense that Anthropic mentioned last year through 2029.  Anthropic is catching up to OpenAI which increased 
its estimate of data center expense from $660 bn to $750 bn through 2030, which is shooting for 30 GW by 2030 
(equivalent to 30 modern 1 GW nuclear reactors, and the US only has ~95 of them).  Most of this power 
continues to be either grid-based or behind the meter dedicated gas fired capacity (see box). 
  
 
 
[2] Evidence of increasing AI capabilities: GPT-6 Astra and the ARC Prize Foundation 
The Millennium Math Prize allegedly solved by OpenAI got a lot of press this week2, but capabilities of OpenAI 
Astra 6 are just as interesting.  Francois Chollet, a French computer scientist who worked at Google, has been a 
notorious AI skeptic.   The Atlantic in April 2025 cited him in an article titled “The Man Out To Prove How Dumb 
AI Still Is”.   In 2019, Chollet created the Abstraction and Reasoning Corpus for Artificial General Intelligence 
(ARC-AGI), an exam designed to show the gulf between AI model memorized answers and the fluid intelligence 
that people have.  The exam assesses the ability to quickly acquire skills and solve unfamiliar problems from first 
principles, rather than just memorizing enormous amounts of training data and regurgitating information.  GPT-
3 scored a zero on ARC-AGI-1 (humans score 60%-70%), and OpenAI o1 scored just 3% on ARC-AGI-2.   
 
 
 
1 Epoch AI estimated Anthropic's December 2025 compute at 1.2 million H100 equivalents. H100s require 700W 
of thermal design power; after factoring in all the other components in the server drawing power, that leads to 
roughly double the power per H100, or 1,400 W, which when multiplied by 1.2 million H100s = 1.7 GW 
2 OpenAI announced that an unreleased model produced a proof for the unsolved Navier-Stokes Millennium 
Prize problem related to fluid dynamics and turbulence; the mathematical community is still reviewing and 
verifying the work.  Just this morning, OpenAI stated to the NY Times that they have made substantial progress 
on another Millennium Prize problem (rumored to be the Hodge Conjecture) while Anthropic is rumored to have 
solved the Birch and Swinnerton-Dyer Conjecture.  If so, three of seven unsolved Millennium Prize problems 
would have been solved by AI having gone unsolved since the Prize’s inception in the year 2000 
Notable recent deals secured by Anthropic for AI servers
Counterparty
Date 
announced/ 
reported
Amount
Capacity First capacity
Google Cloud
Oct 23, 2025 Tens of billions
1,000 MW
2026
Fluidstack
Nov 12, 2025
$50bn Undisclosed
2026
Microsoft Azure/Nvidia
Nov 18, 2025
$30bn
1,000 MW
Undisclosed
CoreWeave
Apr 10, 2026
Multi-billion Undisclosed
2026
Amazon AWS
Apr 20, 2026
$100bn
5,000 MW
2026
Google
Apr 24, 2026
$200bn
5,000 MW
Undisclosed
SpaceX
May 6, 2026
$45bn
300 MW
May 2026
Akamai
May 7, 2026
$1.8bn Undisclosed
Undisclosed
AMD
Jul 22, 2026
Undisclosed
2,000 MW
H1 2027
Volta Infra
Aug 4, 2026
$10bn
121 MW
Dec 2026
Nscale
Aug 26, 2026
$45bn
460 MW
Q4 2027
Lambda
Aug 31, 2026
$35bn Undisclosed
Undisclosed
Source: The Information, "How Anthropic clinched $517 bn in compute deals in 11 months", Sept 6, 2026
According to a SemiAnalysis report on 
Sept 10, the pipeline for data center 
behind the meter onsite generation 
has risen to 75 GW, almost entirely 
comprised of natural gas turbines, 
reciprocating engines, steam turbines 
and solid oxide fuel cells.  In other 
words, all based on natural gas rather 
than renewables + battery or nuclear. 


[Page 2]
EYE ON THE MARKET • MICHAEL CEMBALEST • J.P. MORGAN • September 10, 2026 
US Economy and Iran War Tracker  Eye on the Market Recommendation Report Card 
 
 
2
In March 2026, Chollet and the ARC Prize Foundation released ARC-AGI-3, a harder set of problems that shifted 
from static to dynamic interactive video challenges.  As shown below, GPT-6 Astra scored 62% with a standard 
harness and 99% with a Provider Adapter harness (which uses OpenAI’s context management features to 
preserve and reuse the model’s reasoning between interactions). Astra figured out how to represent game 
mechanics as logical rules and developed its own domain-specific language shorthand to track its state and plan 
actions.  Astra also needed fewer actions than a human baseline to execute the solutions, which is notable for 
an industry known for its brute force less efficient solving methods.  
Following the Astra release, Chollet was asked whether he still thinks ~2030 is on track for true AGI. His answer: 
“Sooner, given progress is happening faster than I expected.”   While Millennium Math and ARC-AGI prizes 
involve abstract mathematical reasoning, there are applications in biology (drug discovery), cybersecurity, chip 
design and defense that have obvious parallels. 
 
 
[3] “Methinks the Lady Doth Protest Too Much”: OpenAI and Anthropic confessions of bad behavior by their 
models may serve a larger purpose: drive more corporate adoption, and lobby for regulation that would hurt 
open model competitors more than themselves 
In the latest LLM confessional, Anthropic wrote a 67 page mea culpa3 outlining four incidents when Claude 
models gained unauthorized access to real third-party systems.  The details on one of them are startling: 
• 
Claude was told it was operating in a simulation without internet access, but due to a misconfiguration 
mistake by Anthropic, Claude was mistakenly connected to the internet and without cyber safeguards 
• 
From there, Claude took full advantage of this: once online, it went to extensive lengths to upload a 
malicious package to PyPI, the public repository from which most Python software is installed.  Here’s what 
it did: the model attempted to use credentials for online payment processors and to find cryptocurrency to 
pay for a phone number, which it needed to register an email address. When this failed, it found a free, 
disposable email provider whose domain PyPI had not blocked, registered an account, published three 
versions of a malicious package, and used credentials leaked by one of the 15 systems that installed the 
package to access a real security vendor’s database.  This is the kind of thing that HAL-9000 did in 2001: A 
Space Odyssey that we all thought was science fiction 
• 
Although Claude repeatedly stated in its chain of thought (CoT) that it believed it was operating in a 
simulation, the environment offered clear evidence that it was on the real internet, and the actions it took 
were consistent with the model knowing this 
• 
When Anthropic made modifications to the transcript to make it clearer that the model was not in a 
simulation, Mythos 5 still took offensive actions, despite acknowledging a greater possibility of real-world 
harm.  In other words, Mythos continued taking potentially harmful actions even when it acknowledged 
that the systems might be real while repeatedly rationalizing that it was only operating in a 
simulation…sharply reducing the reliability of its chain of thought disclosure 
 
 
3 “An alignment assessment of recent cybersecurity incidents”, Anthropic, September 9, 2026 
GPT-6 Astra - from low 
to high reasoning
GPT-6 Astra -
Provider Adapter
Claude 
Opus 5
GPT-5.6 Luna
GPT-5.6 
Sol
Grok 4.5
Opus 4.7
Gemini 3.1 Pro
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
$1
$10
$100
$1,000
$10,000
$100,000
Cost, US$, log scale
ARC-AGI 3 leaderboard
Score, percent
Source: "OpenAI's GPT-6 Astra on ARC-AGI-3", Greg Kamradt, ARC 
Prize Foundation September 3, 2026
“Libertarians at the Gate in the Style of Jasper Cropsey” 
GPT 5.6-Sol 


[Page 3]
EYE ON THE MARKET • MICHAEL CEMBALEST • J.P. MORGAN • September 10, 2026 
US Economy and Iran War Tracker  Eye on the Market Recommendation Report Card 
 
 
3
Anthropic makes the point that the Mythos 5 version in question was a particularly bad vintage in terms of 
harmful actions, with 82% (!!) of all runs involving a severely harmful action.  While the more recent model 
vintages have lower harmful action rates, they still look high to me.  Harmful actions: faking an identity, planting 
a malicious artifact such as a backdoored package, deception or breaking into third party systems.  On the more 
narrow issue of breaking out of sanctioned sandbox environments (safety rules that lock a program inside a 
sealed digital environment), more recent Anthropic vintages look considerably better. 
  
 
 
OpenAI has also experienced unauthorized behaviors by its models, such as the widely announced AI agent 
attack on Hugging Face.  But even before this occurred, AI researchers at Nightingale Collective (an AI safety and 
research organization) now believe that OpenAI agents conducted a similar collusion swarm to share answers 
with other OpenAI agents in order to bypass sandbox restrictions.  Specifically, according to Nightingale4: 
• 
Agents within OpenAI were assigned a timed web-lookup task.   As part of the task, they were supposed to 
have the ability to read the internet but not to write on it 
• 
They found a way to use their read access to write information to a highly obscure German wiki.  This wiki 
is an online collaborative platform that has only been edited 20 times in the last decade, and then saw up 
to 18,000 posts (!!) by autonomous agents in over a month.  The agents used this wiki to communicate 
information with each other, primarily to help them succeed at a task by cheating. They asked for 
answers, pooled results and shared techniques for bypassing their restrictions  
• 
OpenAI found out about this. A day later, agent activity plummeted, likely due to OpenAI intervention 
[4] While these confessionals (from Anthropic and OpenAI on the Hugging Face incident) may seem altruistic, 
a cynic might ascribe ulterior motives here.  Two reasons: 
• 
First, by accidentally making these configuration mistakes, frontier labs can then disclose the tremendously 
powerful capabilities their models have to relentlessly pursue a goal at all costs.  If a company is facing that 
kind of existential external threat, the only plausible defense might be for companies to deploy an equally 
powerful AI swarm from these same frontier labs to defend against it 
• 
Second, frontier labs have been vocal in advocating for more AI regulation.  One example: a piece on 
September 6 from OpenAI Chief Scientist Jakub Pachocki called “An Alien Mind” in which he argues that AI 
functions are an unpredictable intellect, that humanity is not yet prepared to control it and that humanity 
is falling behind in its ability to understand what the models are doing.  OpenAI more explicitly followed up 
on Pachocki’s article by publishing “The AI Policy Window is Open. We Need to Act” on September 9, a 
piece which pushes for national mandatory AI safety requirements 
 
 
 
4 “Discovery of a new OpenAI agent message board”, Nightingale Collective, September 4, 2026 
21%
27%
22%
39%
82%
12%
31%
33%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Opus
4.6
Sonnet
4.6
Opus
4.7
Opus
4.8
Mythos
5
Sonnet
5
Opus
5
Mythos
5.1
Severely harmful actions in capture-the-flag scenario
Percent of runs with a severely harmful action
Source: Anthropic, September 9, 2026
56%
70%
48%
35%
59%
26%
15%
0%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
Opus
4.6
Sonnet
4.6
Opus
4.7
Opus
4.8
Mythos
5
Sonnet
5
Opus
5
Mythos
5.1
Unsanctioned sandbox-escape attempts
Percent of runs with a concrete attempted crossing
Source: Anthropic, September 9, 2026


[Page 4]
EYE ON THE MARKET • MICHAEL CEMBALEST • J.P. MORGAN • September 10, 2026 
US Economy and Iran War Tracker  Eye on the Market Recommendation Report Card 
 
 
4
• 
The logic of arguing for regulation: stringent safety requirements offer frontier labs a powerful alternative 
to competing solely on model performance. These regulations could require delivering complete, compliant 
systems (instead of standalone models) that mandate surrogate safety classifiers, safety layers and 
enterprise-grade service-level agreements that make deployments considerably more complicated and 
expensive, and which OpenAI and Anthropic already have by default on their services 
• 
In other words, unless DeepSeek were to publish bespoke safety classifiers alongside their upcoming 
models, which they don't do currently, Microsoft could be in a tough spot if DeepSeek were offered in its 
Foundry Model Azure catalog while meeting such requirements.  That could obviously impair open model 
adoption.  Such regulatory moats could be accretive to frontier lab IPO valuations if they dampen 
competitive threats from US/Chinese open models.  While this is not an insurmountable constraint for 
hyperscalers willing to offer open models (which they are keen to do), it could decrease competitiveness of 
open solutions like those from China by making the overall training and inference process more expensive 
for everybody5 
[5] AI apocalypse kabuki theater and the campaign for a regulatory moat 
Jacob Coxon: a British AI researcher who studied mathematics at Cambridge before spending time at OpenAI 
and Anthropic, choosing Anthropic due to a higher emphasis on safety. On September 8, he announced his 
resignation from Anthropic due to fears that AI companies and models are getting out of control 
Evan Hubinger: Worked at the Machine Intelligence Research Institute as a research fellow where he began to 
write academic works on safe AI. In 2023, he joined Anthropic as alignment science lead, which is equivalent to 
Head of Safety 
Here is an exchange they just had on X yesterday.  Part of this might have been deliberately orchestrated, since 
Jacob had almost no followers at the time and a WSJ journal article covered it almost immediately.  Jacob only 
worked at Anthropic for 6 weeks (!) before resigning and then appeared on Fox News to discuss this viral 
post.  Simultaneously, Daniel Kokotajlo (leader of the AI futures project) went on Joe Rogan yesterday to say 
more worrisome things about AI capabilities; i.e., perhaps another part of an orchestrated effort to gain support 
for AI regulation.  
Jacob: “I resigned from Anthropic today. I spent the last three years doing pretraining research at both OpenAI 
and Anthropic. Neither company is acting responsibly. They are racing straight to self-improving 
superintelligence and gambling with our lives.” 
Evan: “Jacob is correct here…we really do earnestly believe AI could kill all humans! I personally think it is >10% 
within the next decade. I believe Anthropic is trying its best, but we do not yet have a plan to solve alignment 
for superintelligence and are not clearly on track to.” 
Michael Cembalest 
JP Morgan Asset Management 
 
 
 
 
5 Some details on the cost of compliance with possible regulatory moats.  Training would be more expensive 
since models would have to improve while its safety classifiers would have to simultaneously interpret 
potentially bad behavior.  Inference becomes more costly since a model could be using both natural language 
and activation classifiers, resulting in additional models reviewing base model generations.  Also: publishing 
system cards like OpenAI requires extensive pre-release testing and analysis.  For example, Epoch AI estimates 
that less than 30% of total training compute goes into the final training run; the rest is experiments, data 
generation and post-training evaluations (most of which is safety testing).  See “Final training runs account for 
a minority of R&D compute spending”, Epoch AI, March 23, 2026 


[Page 5]
EYE ON THE MARKET • MICHAEL CEMBALEST • J.P. MORGAN • September 10, 2026 
US Economy and Iran War Tracker  Eye on the Market Recommendation Report Card 
 
 
5
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
 
This material is for information purposes only. The views, opinions, estimates and strategies expressed herein constitutes Michael Cembalest’s judgment based on 
current market conditions and are subject to change without notice, and may differ from those expressed by other areas of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPM”). This 
information in no way constitutes J.P. Morgan Research and should not be treated as such. Any companies referenced are shown for illustrative purposes only, and are 
not intended as a recommendation or endorsement by J.P. Morgan in this context. 
 
GENERAL RISKS & CONSIDERATIONS Any views, strategies or products discussed in this material may not be appropriate for all individuals and are subject to risks. 
Investors may get back less than they invested, and past performance is not a reliable indicator of future results. Asset allocation/diversification does not guarantee a 
profit or protect against loss. Nothing in this material should be relied upon in isolation for the purpose of making an investment decision.  
 
NON-RELIANCE Certain information contained in this material is believed to be reliable; however, JPM does not represent or warrant its accuracy, reliability or 
completeness, or accept any liability for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect) arising out of the use of all or any part of this material. No representation or 
warranty should be made with regard to any computations, graphs, tables, diagrams or commentary in this material, which are provided for illustration/ reference 
purposes only. Any projected results and risks are based solely on hypothetical examples cited, and actual results and risks will vary depending on specific circumstances. 
Forward-looking statements should not be considered as guarantees or predictions of future events. Nothing in this document shall be construed as giving rise to any 
duty of care owed to, or advisory relationship with, you or any third party. Nothing in this document shall be regarded as an offer, solicitation, recommendation or advice 
(whether financial, accounting, legal, tax or other) given by J.P. Morgan and/or its officers or employees,. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates and employees do not provide tax, 
legal or accounting advice. You should consult your own tax, legal and accounting advisors before engaging in any financial transactions.  
 
For J.P. Morgan Asset Management Clients:  
 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the brand for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide.  
 
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may record telephone calls and monitor electronic communications to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations 
and internal policies. Personal data will be collected, stored and processed by J.P. Morgan Asset Management in accordance with our privacy policies at 
https://am.jpmorgan.com/global/privacy.  
 
ACCESSIBILITY  
For U.S. only: If you are a person with a disability and need additional support in viewing the material, please call us at 1-800-343-1113 for assistance.  
 
This communication is issued by the following entities: In the United States, by J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. or J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management, 
Inc., both regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission; in Latin America, for intended recipients’ use only, by local J.P. Morgan entities, as the case may be.; in 
Canada, for institutional clients’ use only, by JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada) Inc., which is a registered Portfolio Manager and Exempt Market Dealer in all 
Canadian provinces and territories except the Yukon and is also registered as an Investment Fund Manager in British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec and Newfoundland and 
Labrador. In the United Kingdom, by JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority; in other European 
jurisdictions, by JPMorgan Asset Management (Europe) S.à r.l. In Asia Pacific (“APAC”), by the following issuing entities and in the respective jurisdictions in which they 
are primarily regulated: JPMorgan Asset Management (Asia Pacific) Limited, or JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, or JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Asia) Limited, 
each of which is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong; JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited (Co. Reg. No. 197601586K), which 
this advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited; JPMorgan Asset 
Management (Japan) Limited, which is a member of the Investment Trusts Association, Japan, the Japan Investment Advisers Association, Type II Financial Instruments 
Firms Association and the Japan Securities Dealers Association and is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (registration number “Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Financial Instruments Firm) No. 330”); in Australia, to wholesale clients only as defined in section 761A and 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Commonwealth), by 
JPMorgan Asset Management (Australia) Limited (ABN 55143832080) (AFSL 376919). For all other markets in APAC, to intended recipients only.  
 
For J.P. Morgan Private Bank Clients:  
 
ACCESSIBILITY 
J.P. Morgan is committed to making our products and services accessible to meet the financial services needs of all our clients. Please direct any accessibility issues to 
the Private Bank Client Service Center at 1-866-265-1727 
 
LEGAL ENTITY, BRAND & REGULATORY INFORMATION 
In the United States, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and its affiliates (collectively “JPMCB”) offer investment products, which may include bank managed investment 
accounts and custody, as part of its trust and fiduciary services. Other investment products and services, such as brokerage and advisory accounts, are offered through 
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMS”), a member of FINRA and SIPC. JPMCB and JPMS are affiliated companies under the common control of JPM.  
In Germany, this material is issued by J.P. Morgan SE, with its registered office at Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm), 60310 Frankfurt am Main, Germany, authorized by the 
Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central 
Bank (ECB).   In Luxembourg, this material is issued by J.P. Morgan SE – Luxembourg Branch, with registered office at European Bank and Business Centre, 6 route de 
Treves, L-2633, Senningerberg, Luxembourg, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – Luxembourg Branch is also supervised by the Commission de Surveillance du    
Secteur Financier (CSSF); registered under R.C.S Luxembourg B255938. In the United Kingdom, this material is issued by J.P. Morgan SE – London Branch, registered office 
at 25 Bank Street, Canary Wharf, London E14 5JP, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the 
German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – London Branch is also supervised by the Financial Conduct Authority 
and Prudential Regulation Authority. In Spain, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan SE, Sucursal en España, with registered office at Paseo de la Castellana, 31, 28046 
Madrid, Spain, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE, Sucursal en España is also supervised by the Spanish Securities Market Commission (CNMV); registered 
with Bank of Spain as a branch of J.P. Morgan SE under code 1567. In Italy, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan SE – Milan Branch, with its registered office at Via 
Cordusio, n.3, Milan 20123,  Italy, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank 
(Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – Milan Branch is also supervised by Bank  of Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa (CONSOB); registered with Bank of Italy as a branch of J.P. Morgan SE under code 8076; Milan Chamber of Commerce Registered Number: REA MI 
2536325. In the Netherlands, this material is distributed by  J.P. Morgan SE – Amsterdam Branch, with registered office at World Trade Centre,       Tower B, Strawinskylaan 


[Page 6]
EYE ON THE MARKET • MICHAEL CEMBALEST • J.P. MORGAN • September 10, 2026 
US Economy and Iran War Tracker  Eye on the Market Recommendation Report Card 
 
 
6
1135, 1077 XX, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German 
Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – Amsterdam Branch is also supervised by De Nederlandsche Bank (DNB) and 
the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM) in the Netherlands. Registered with the Kamer van Koophandel as a branch of J.P. Morgan SE under registration number 
72610220. In Denmark, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan SE – Copenhagen Branch, filial af J.P. Morgan SE, Tyskland, with registered office at Kalvebod Brygge 
39-41, 1560 København V, Denmark, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central 
Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – Copenhagen Branch, filial af J.P. Morgan SE, Tyskland is also supervised by 
Finanstilsynet (Danish FSA) and is registered with Finanstilsynet as a branch of J.P. Morgan SE under code 29010. In Sweden, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan SE 
– Stockholm Bankfilial, with registered office at Hamngatan 15, Stockholm, 11147, Sweden, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) 
and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – Stockholm Bankfilial is also 
supervised by Finansinspektionen (Swedish FSA); registered with Finansinspektionen as a branch of J.P. Morgan SE. In Belgium, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan 
SE – Brussels Branch with registered office at 35 Boulevard du Régent, 1000, Brussels, Belgium, authorized by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) 
and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB);  J.P. Morgan SE Brussels Branch is also 
supervised by the National Bank of Belgium (NBB) and the Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) in Belgium; registered with the NBB under registration number 
0715.622.844. In Greece, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan SE – Athens Branch, with its registered office at 3 Haritos Street, Athens, 10675, Greece, authorized 
by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) and jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European 
Central Bank (ECB); J.P. Morgan SE – Athens Branch is also supervised by Bank of Greece; registered with Bank of Greece as a branch of J.P. Morgan SE under code 124; 
Athens Chamber of Commerce Registered Number 158683760001; VAT Number 99676577. In France, this material is distributed by J.P. Morgan SE – Paris Branch, with 
its registered office at 14, Place Vendôme 75001 Paris, France, authorized by the Bundesanstaltfür Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht(BaFin) and jointly supervised by the 
BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB) under code 842 422 972; J.P. Morgan SE – Paris Branch is also supervised 
by the French banking authorities the  Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). In Switzerland, this 
material is distributed by J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA, with registered address at rue du Rhône, 35, 1204, Geneva, Switzerland, which is authorised and supervised by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) as a bank and a securities dealer in Switzerland. 
In Hong Kong, this material is distributed by JPMCB, Hong Kong branch. JPMCB, Hong Kong branch is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities 
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. In Hong Kong, we will cease to use your personal data for our marketing purposes without charge if you so request. In Singapore, 
this material is distributed by JPMCB, Singapore branch. JPMCB, Singapore branch is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Dealing and advisory services 
and discretionary investment management services are provided to you by JPMCB, Hong Kong/Singapore branch (as notified to you). Banking and custody services are 
provided to you by JPMCB Singapore Branch. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong, Singapore or any other 
jurisdictions. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to this document. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain 
independent professional advice. For materials which constitute product advertisement under the Securities and Futures Act and the Financial Advisers Act, this 
advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association chartered under the laws of 
the United States, and as a body corporate, its shareholder’s liability is limited. 
With respect to countries in Latin America, the distribution of this material may be restricted in certain jurisdictions.  
Issued in Australia by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (ABN 43 074 112 011/AFS Licence No: 238367) and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (ARBN 109293610).  
 
References to “J.P. Morgan” are to JPM, its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. “J.P. Morgan Private Bank” is the brand name for the private banking business conducted 
by JPM. This material is intended for your personal use and should not be circulated to or used by any other person, or duplicated for non-personal use, without our 
permission. If you have any questions or no longer wish to receive these communications, please contact your J.P. Morgan team. 
 
 
© 2026 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
