[Page 1]
CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICE
Capital Market Outlook
September 14, 2026
All data, projections and opinions are as of the date of this report and subject to change.
IN THIS ISSUE
Macro Strategy—Superintelligence and Superabundance in the Next Decade: 
Rapid advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI) have prompted prominent architects of 
the new economy to conclude the Singularity is arriving ahead of schedule as signs 
of its effects proliferate in the multitude of new AI models running in the increasing 
number of data centers driving one of the biggest investment booms in U.S. history. 
Superintelligence that surpasses collective human intelligence has long been one of the 
predictions of futurists analyzing the implications of the Singularity. Superabundance is 
one of the results of Superintelligence predicted by those who have written about the 
consequences of this major acceleration in technological innovation. The early arrival of 
these radical forces for change poses imminent challenges for society and investors that 
will shape the next decade in critical ways.
In particular, the heightened uncertainty about how this new era plays out increases the 
utility of a well-diversified approach to wealth management in our view.
Market View—Elevated Debt Supply Is Testing the Market's Appetite: The recent 
rise in Treasury yields reflects a confluence of factors, including Federal Reserve (Fed) 
policy uncertainty, deteriorating fiscal dynamics, resilient economic growth, persistent 
inflation concerns and a record wave of debt issuance from both the U.S. Treasury and 
corporate borrowers, particularly in the long end of the curve. Importantly, we view this 
as a period of market adjustment rather than a cause for alarm. 
Episodes of debt pressures can be a natural consequence of elevated supply, in addition 
to other external factors and could be resolved through higher yields that help balance 
supply and demand. While interest rate volatility may remain elevated and long-term 
yields could settle at structurally higher levels, today's combination of attractive nominal 
and real yields presents a potential opportunity for investors to extend beyond cash and 
short-duration holdings and move closer to strategic duration targets.
The Ticker Tape—Top Questions Answered Directly by Our Chief Investment 
Officer (CIO). 
• What are the markets actually telling us?
AUTHORS
Chief Investment Office
Macro Strategy Team
Chief Investment Office
Fixed Income Strategy Team
Christopher Hyzy
Chief Investment Officer
MACRO STRATEGY 
MARKET VIEW 
THE TICKER TAPE 
MARKETS IN REVIEW 
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as “MLPF&S” or “Merrill”) makes available certain 
investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America 
Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly 
owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. 
Investment products:
Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Please see last page for important disclosure information. 
9118987 9/2026
Portfolio Considerations
We view recent volatility as a rolling 
correction rather than the end of 
the cycle. We favor diversified Equity 
exposure, with potential opportunities 
extending beyond Growth to Value, 
Small- and Mid-caps, Non-U.S. Equities 
(especially Emerging Markets), dividend-
focused and thematic strategies.
We favor adjusting portfolios toward 
strategic durations given attractive 
elevated nominal and real yields, and see 
value in high-quality bonds, particularly 
longer-dated municipal bonds. 
Consider broader portfolio 
diversification with potential 
opportunities across industrial metals, 
energy and global strategies to capture 
themes from AI, reindustrialization, 
infrastructure growth and market 
dispersion.


[Page 2]
2 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
MACRO STRATEGY 
Superintelligence and Superabundance in the Next Decade
Chief Investment Office, Macro Strategy Team 
While some academics have claimed the Singularity is still off in the distant future, or even 
unlikely at all, those on the front lines of AI model development have recently asserted that it 
has already begun. For example, Elon Musk has pointed to recent issues with AI models going 
outside their proscribed limits, including hacking external systems and completing previously 
unsolved math problems. Over a year ago, Sam Altman wrote, "We are past the event horizon; the 
takeoff has started. Humanity is close to building superintelligence..." In short, the rapid evolution 
of these models has convinced knowledgeable observers that the Singularity has begun.
Superintelligence is the primary driver of the Singularity as exponential advances in AI ultimately 
create an artificial Superintelligence that is much smarter and faster than the collective 
intelligence of humanity. As such, it can solve practical problems that remain unsolved by humans 
and do it in a timely fashion. Superabundance is the logical implication of Superintelligence 
as it works to create a world where economic goods, services and energy are essentially free 
because of the omniscience implied by the most efficient processing of unlimited information by 
superintelligent models. In essence, Superintelligence could mimic the Creation.
Some aspects of Superabundance include automated production of desired output that 
eliminates most physical labor, clean energy and synthetic materials that eliminate resource 
scarcity, and increased longevity as Superintelligence is applied to maintaining physical health 
via, for example, synthetic organ replacement and personalized illness treatments. Obviously, 
Superabundance pulls the rug out from under traditional economics, which is the study of how 
scarce resources are allocated. While the "scarcity" vanishes in this new world, the allocation issue 
remains and is likely to become the focus of political debate. In particular, the question of how 
jobs and incomes fit into a superabundant world is likely to become a bigger and bigger issue. 
The trend of technology replacing more and more of the labor share of income is already decades 
old and dates back to the beginnings of digital technology. That trend has picked up speed 
with the increasing profit share of output the new technologies created. The ratio of income 
to the number of workers is orders of magnitude higher for the big new technology companies 
compared to the old economy companies of the past. This means the owners of capital 
(shareholders) are receiving a bigger share of the economic pie as high-margin, high-productivity 
companies based in the new technology become a bigger part of the economy. This trend is 
accelerating. That is a direct implication of the movement toward and through the Singularity.
It means the issue of income inequality, which has always been on society's radar screen, will 
become bigger in the years ahead unless there are wise policies to share the superabundance 
of the near future. Some countries are better prepared for this future than others. Norway, 
for example, has built a sovereign wealth fund (SWF) over the past 25 years that represents a 
substantial share of capital income for each of its citizens. In the U.S., with its widespread equity 
culture, thanks to Individual Retirement Accounts and 401K plans, capital income is more widely 
distributed compared to Europe with its much more debt-based capital markets. In any event, 
widespread equity ownership is one way to deal with a superabundant economy where AI has 
significantly reduced the labor share of income.
Demographics add to the natural evolution from labor income to capital income as societies 
become wealthier. Aging societies of retirees by definition depend on capital income more than 
labor income. This transition of the economy to higher margins and faster earnings growth is 
the fortunate accompaniment to the need for more income from capital as societies become 
older. The longevity trend naturally accelerates this process, which is the logical result of 
technological progress raising productivity and living standards. People live longer in wealthy 
societies, as subsistence constraints on life spans diminish while lifestyle and mental health 
constraints become more the issue. How lifestyles and mental health evolve in a world where 
work becomes less necessary is already showing signs of their increased importance for the 
future of public health.
The current accelerating profits cycle reflects this impact of new technology on the relative 
returns to labor and capital. The trend so far has been relatively slow compared to what's 
coming if Superintelligence and Superabundance are the outcomes the Singularity promises as 
increasingly seems likely. Because much financial analysis relies on past cycles the accelerating 
Investment Implications
Rapid innovation, political upheaval 
and increasing creative destruction 
raise the difficulty of valuing 
longer duration assets as we saw 
earlier this year in the software 
space. Higher-risk premia are a 
likely result. On balance, this favors 
Value-oriented assets over Growth. 
Higher real yields in a strong capital 
spending environment reinforce this 
preference.  


[Page 3]
3 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
profits and rising margins of the current economy have naturally focused attention on what 
happens when conditions revert to the mean of lower margins and more historically normal 
profit growth. Looked at through this lens, Equities appear overvalued and destined to correct 
bubble-like conditions. The Singularity, however, implies "this time is different," the four most 
dangerous words in investing. Yet, the slowly evolving shift toward capital income already under 
way is an early warning sign of bigger things to come as these trends are turbo-charged to warp 
speed while the economy passes through the Singularity. Seen this way, a super-cycle in profits, 
margins and stock values seems logical.
A revamping of the social safety net to address the conditions implied by Superabundance 
is already a hot topic in Silicon Valley. Various proposals for a universal basic income (UBI) 
are being bandied about. Typically, UBI refers to the government giving everyone an income 
sufficient to meet some living standard. This automatically implies a big role for government in 
the new economy. Given the fourth-turning breakdown in the political process and governance, 
alternatives that avoid the government sector might also be considered. For example, another 
implication of the Singularity is an accelerating accumulation of wealth fueling a growing supply 
of altruistic and philanthropic potential that arguably could be administered more efficiently by 
the private sector than the government where widespread allegations of corrupt administration 
at all levels have proliferated since the pandemic. Given the growing wealth pie and the diversity 
of social priorities among its owners addressing more social needs through philanthropy is a 
likely option for the superabundant economy. In any event, the relative roles of government and 
the private sector are necessarily an issue to be hashed out in this revolutionary time.
More glimmers of the UBI-like movements have popped up recently. As mentioned, Norway's 
SWF is an example of how a well-administered government has been preparing for this future. 
In the U.S. government sponsored tax-advantaged savings accounts from birth have been 
instituted with private donations being added to the program. Governments, including the U.S., 
have increasingly been buying stakes in private investments for various purposes with the result 
that the focus solely on sovereign debt can be a misleading indicator of fiscal fragility.
Japan is a significant example of the difference between gross government debt and net 
government debt after subtracting government owned assets. Its gross debt is around 279% of 
its gross domestic product (GDP) which is much higher than any other major economy. However, 
Japan government assets total around 192% of GDP, including domestic and foreign Equities, 
bonds, and loans. As a result, its net debt is less than 100% of GDP and more in line with other 
major economies. As one of the most aged societies in the world, Japan points the way toward 
how societies can cope with longevity. Government ownership of a broad array of higher yielding 
global assets funded with low sovereign debt interest rates appears to be a path the U.S. 
Treasury is also starting to pursue in managing its debt burden.
The main risks to the uptopian promise of Superabundance are the dystopian possibilities 
that would follow from poor social decision-making. Around the world, different governments 
will follow different approaches to navigating the unprecedented challenges posed by the 
Singularity. As the U.S. celebrates its 250-year anniversary, it is in the midst of its fourth "fourth 
turning." These are the intense political upheaval periods that demographers and historians have 
documented in every fourth generation. The Revolutionary War, the Civil War, and the Great 
Depression and World War II mark the first three "fourth turnings." The Singularity is a major 
marker for the current fourth turning.
The relative success of the U.S. in transitioning through the previous major turning points in 
history provides hope for a utopian rather than a dystopian outcome. Other countries have not 
transited these challenges so well for such an extended period which helps explain how the 
U.S. has become the most prosperous country on earth. Nevertheless, past performance is no 
guarantee of future success. As always, each generation faces new challenges to overcome, or not.
For investors, the Singularity seems to be behind an unusually strong earnings cycle that could 
potentially last much longer than past history would suggest. That's positive for Equities and 
risk assets in general. The extra risks associated with this rapid transformation argue for well 
diversified holdings as creative destruction on steroids seems a plausible outcome in a world of 
warp speed change.


[Page 4]
4 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
MARKET VIEW
Elevated Debt Supply Is Testing the Market's Appetite 
Chief Investment Office, Fixed Income Strategy Team 
For much of the past two decades, rising debt levels appeared to carry few 
consequences. Federal deficits expanded and corporate borrowing increased, yet 
Treasury yields generally trended lower and credit spreads stayed remarkably tame. 
Today, the backdrop may be changing. 
Federal borrowing needs continue to grow as deficit spending remains elevated. Net 
interest expense has surpassed $1 trillion annually and now rivals total U.S. defense 
spending. On this front there appears no end in sight as the Congressional Budget 
Office projects that the fiscal 2026 shortfall will widen to roughly $2.1 trillion. Investors 
are increasingly focused on not only the level of debt outstanding, but also the pace at 
which new debt is being issued—with some questioning about the sustainability of this 
situation over the longer term.
This phenomenon is not limited to Treasurys, as the issuance glut extends to corporate 
debt. Investment-grade (IG) corporate issuance is running roughly 40% above last year 
and is on pace for a record year.1 While demand for Fixed Income remains healthy, the 
sheer volume of new debt being brought to market is beginning to test investor capacity, 
particularly at the long end of the Treasury curve and within certain sectors.
Exhibit 1: Low Yields Post-2008/2009 GFC* Have Fueled a Borrowing Binge.
 
*Global Financial Crisis. **Mortgage-backed Securities. Corporate debt includes U.S. domestic financial and nonfinancial 
issues and excludes foreign issuers. Excludes interfund transfers. Source: Federal Reserve Board. Data as of year-end 
through 2026; 2026 reflects the first quarter. 
Hyperscalers Are Competing for Long-Duration Capital. A significant driver of 
the surge in corporate issuance has been the hyperscalers. The largest technology 
companies are financing an unprecedented wave of AI-related capital spending, leading 
to nearly $280 billion of debt issuance year-to-date.2 Many of these issuers carry high 
credit ratings and have ramped up issuance of longer-maturity bonds. As a result, they 
are increasingly competing with long-dated Treasurys for the same pool of institutional 
capital, including insurance companies, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds and 
duration-oriented Fixed Income investors—creating a crowding-out effect amongst high-
quality Fixed Income.
Fortunately, this is a case of pressure, not a credit crisis. Recent weakness in long-dated 
Treasurys reflects a classic supply-and-demand imbalance and importantly is not a 
solvency crisis for the U.S. government or high-quality hyperscalers. Investors are being 
asked to absorb a growing volume of net new issuance from both the U.S. Treasury and 
corporate America at the same time. 
Debt Pressure and a Normalization, Not a Fiscal Reckoning. The rise in long-end 
yields during August reflects this dynamic. The 30-year Treasury yield moved above 
5.3%, reaching levels not seen since 2007. Fiscal concerns likely played a role, but we 
1 Source: Bloomberg as of September 8, 2026.
2 Source: Bloomberg as of September 9, 2026.
Investment Implications
The recent rise in Treasury yields 
reflects a collision of fiscal concerns, 
resilient growth, persistent inflation, 
and record debt issuance from both 
the Treasury and corporate borrowers. 
While this has created periodic bouts 
of market pressures, we view recent 
move as a normalization process, not a 
crisis of confidence. Attractive real and 
nominal yields reinforce our view that 
investors should look beyond cash and 
short-duration assets and move closer 
to strategic duration target.


[Page 5]
5 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
believe heavy supply, sticky inflation, reduced Fed demand and increased competition for 
investor capital were equally important contributors.
And importantly, the market's adjustment mechanism is already working. Higher Treasury 
yields and somewhat wider credit spreads are attracting buyers and helping clear the growing 
supply of bonds. This is a natural normalization and is how markets restore equilibrium.
Recent Treasury auctions continue to attract demand consistent with historical norms, and 
investor appetite for new IG issuance has remained robust. These are not characteristics 
typically associated with a loss of confidence in U.S., or corporate, creditworthiness.
A New Yield Regime. For Fixed Income investors, the more important implication 
is that a 4% to 5% 10-year Treasury yield may represent the new normal. In an 
environment of very strong underlying economic growth and unprecedented volumes of 
debt issuance from both the public and private sectors, higher yields may be required to 
attract sufficient capital amid a more competitive landscape for yield.
We continue to view both nominal and real yields as attractive and believe investors 
should remain focused on achieving strategic duration targets. While rate volatility may 
persist, today's yield levels provide a potential opportunity to seek attractive income that 
has been largely absent for much of the past decade.
The Bigger Picture: Growth Still Matters More Than Debt Levels. None of this dismisses 
the long-term fiscal challenges facing the U.S. Debt levels are rising, interest costs 
continue to grow, and mandatory spending increasingly consumes a larger share of the 
federal budget. However, history shows that debt levels alone do not determine interest 
rates. Between 2007 and 2020, U.S. debt rose dramatically even as the 10-year Treasury 
yield fell from roughly 5% to below 1%. What ultimately matters is the interplay between 
short-term interest rates, debt levels, economic growth, inflation and investor demand.
For instance, nominal GDP growth and the 10-year yield tend to be correlated, outside 
of recessions—we believe recent rate increases partly reflect this strong macro 
backdrop. Moreover, economic growth is running above long-end yields, supporting the 
sustainability of rising government debt.
Exhibit 2: Higher Nominal GDP Growth Supports a Higher-Yield Regime.
 
*Yearly percent change.  Sources: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, FRED®; U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis; Federal 
Reserve Board; National Bureau of Economic Research. Data as of September 9, 2026.
The U.S. continues to benefit from several structural advantages: the dollar remains 
the world's reserve currency, Treasurys remain the foundation of the global financial 
system, and U.S. capital markets are still the deepest and most liquid in the world. Those 
advantages continue to support demand for U.S. assets and underpin sovereign credit 
quality even as borrowing needs grow.
The bottom line, in our view, is that even though the recent rise in long-end yields catches 
many headlines, there is no need to panic. Instead, the recent repricing reflects periodic 
episodes of debt pressure rather than a fundamental loss of confidence in U.S. credit. With 
borrowing demand from both Washington and corporate America likely to remain elevated, 
bond prices may continue to serve as the market's release valve. The consequence is likely 
a world of structurally higher long-term yields, not a sovereign debt crisis.


[Page 6]
6 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
THE TICKER TAPE
What are the markets actually telling us?
Christopher Hyzy, Chief Investment Officer 
When the markets speak loudly we should listen. There are often clues in the internal trends 
within the markets that help us determine how far into an economic cycle we are or what drivers 
of growth are most impactful. In addition, we can also find clues that help with determining 
the micro picture. In other words, what industries are the most likely to benefit, from a 
profitability standpoint is concerned, as the growth picture unfolds? Currently, the markets have 
a megaphone, in our view. The year-to-date sharp outperformers have been consistent and 
should continue to advance. These include commodities, including copper and oil, Emerging 
Markets, Japan in the Developed Markets, Small-cap relative to Large-cap shares, Value versus 
Growth, and more cyclically-oriented companies versus more defensive. This current consistent 
outperformance informs us that we are still early- to mid-cycle in a supply-led expansion. We are 
still early in the build out of the supply that is needed for the natural demand that is there. New 
infrastructure is needed to handle the new economy that is progressing and quickly innovating. 
This infrastructure needs commodities, all forms of energy, battery storage, minerals, metals, 
recycled water, gases, chemicals, and all the compute and cloud capacity, including memory 
and other components to handle the path toward mass tokenization. Moreover, the buildup of 
government debt in the advanced economies as fiscal deficits widen is forcing large institutional 
investors (including central banks and other government entities) to diversify their reserve 
bases. This has increased the interest in gold holdings. Countries that have a vast amount of 
natural resources, especially oil and gas, are in high demand by investors, which is obvious when 
examining year-to-date outperformers. The bottom line is that the markets are telling us that we 
are still early- to mid-cycle in this massive buildout, which will require a wide collection of hard 
assets, Infrastructure (old and new), land, and within Equities, a more diversified approach to 
exposure—particularly areas that are more cyclical- and Value-oriented. We expect this view to 
extend itself well into the foreseeable future if not years.
In Fixed Income, it may seem more complex, but it is actually easier to understand what the 
markets are telling us, in our opinion. The backup in yields is “real yield” driven, which is more due 
to higher nominal growth than to cconcerns of long-run inflation. This is evident in the Treasury 
inflation protection market, break-evens in general and the ratio of Treasury yields relative to 
other Government bond markets in the developed world. However, rising oil and gas prices and 
inflation gauges that are still above the preferred level are usually the excuses for yields backing 
up. Deficit concerns are a more plausible reason for yields rising but the main driver, in our view, 
is still above average nominal growth. The yield curve and rates in general are still adjusting to 
this new economic landscape that is very different than those of the most recent past. 
Exhibit 3: The Market’s Megaphone: Leadership Continues to Signal Early-to-Mid Cycle Expansion.
A) Rotational Patterns in 2026 Remain Strong
B) Global Performance Gives Clues to Internal Trends.
 
 
Exhibit 3A): Total returns referenced. Large-cap, Mid-cap, and Small-cap are represented by Russell Indexes. Equal Weighted, Value, Growth, Quality, High Dividend, Minimum Volatility and 
Momentum are represented by MSCI USA Indexes. *2025 Year-to-Date represents returns between January 1, 2025 through September 11, 2025. Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 
11, 2026. Exhibit 3B): Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 11, 2026. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Indexes are unmanaged and do not take into account fees or 
expenses. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Please refer to index definitions at the end of this report. 
Investment Implications
Market leadership in commodities, 
cyclicals, Value stocks, and real 
assets suggests the economy 
remains in the early-to-mid stages 
of a supply-driven expansion, while 
higher yields reflect strong nominal 
growth rather than recession 
concerns.


[Page 7]
7 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
MARKETS IN REVIEW
Equities
Equities
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
WTD
MTD
YTD
DJIA
 52,573.29 
-1.6
-1.0
10.6
NASDAQ
 26,333.04 
-0.6
-0.1
13.8
S&P 500
 7,656.98 
-0.8
-0.3
12.8
S&P 400 Mid Cap
 3,714.14 
-1.8
-1.2
13.4
Russell 2000
 2,903.94 
-2.4
-1.7
18.0
MSCI World
 4,937.32 
-1.0
-0.6
12.5
MSCI EAFE
 3,194.03 
-1.4
-1.1
12.5
MSCI Emerging Markets
 1,721.53 
-0.2
0.2
24.3
Fixed Income†
Fixed Income
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
WTD
MTD
YTD
Corporate & Government
5.17
-0.93
-1.04
-1.49
Agencies
4.91
-0.68
-0.72
-0.28
Municipals
4.28
-1.23
-1.75
-1.55
U.S. Investment-Grade Credit
5.27
-1.04
-1.13
-1.43
International
5.74
-0.93
-1.12
-1.52
High Yield
7.62
-0.54
-0.66
2.01
90 Day Yield
4.00
3.84
3.83
3.63
2 Year Yield
4.63
4.37
4.34
3.47
10 Year Yield
4.97
4.78
4.75
4.17
30 Year Yield
5.35
5.24
5.24
4.84
Commodities & Currencies
Commodities
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
WTD
MTD
YTD
Bloomberg Commodity
375.18
1.7
2.8
35.8
WTI Crude $/Barrel††
100.05
9.4
16.7
74.2
Gold Spot $/Ounce††
4349.08
-1.8
-2.0
0.7
Currencies
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
Prior 
Week End
Prior 
Month End
2025 
Year End
EUR/USD
1.16
1.16
1.16
1.17
USD/JPY
153.61
156.26
159.74
156.71
USD/CNH
6.71
6.71
6.72
6.98
S&P Sector Returns
 
Sources: Bloomberg, Factset. Total Returns from the period of 
09/08/2026 to 09/11/2026. †Bloomberg Barclays Indices. ††Spot 
price returns. All data as of the 09/11/2026 close. Data would differ 
if a different time period was displayed. Short-term performance 
shown to illustrate more recent trend. Past performance is no 
guarantee of future results. 
Economic Forecasts (as of 9/11/2026)
Economic Forecasts
Q1 2026A
Q2 2026A
Q3 2026E
Q4 2026E
2026E
2027E
Real global GDP (% y/y annualized)
-
-
-
-
3.3
3.4
Real U.S. GDP (% q/q annualized)
2.1
1.5
2.4
2.3
2.1
2.2
CPI inflation (% y/y)
2.7
3.8
3.4
3.5
3.3
2.5
Core CPI inflation (% y/y)
2.5
2.7
2.4
2.5
2.5
2.5
Unemployment rate (%)
4.3
4.3
4.2
4.2
4.2
4.1
Fed funds rate, end period (%) 
3.63
3.63
3.88
4.38
4.38
4.38
The forecasts in the table above are the base line view from BofA Global Research. The Global Wealth & Investment 
Management (GWIM) Investment Strategy Committee (ISC) may make adjustments to this view over the course of 
the year and can express upside/downside to these forecasts. Historical data is sourced from Bloomberg, FactSet, and 
Haver Analytics. There can be no assurance that the forecasts will be achieved. Economic or financial forecasts 
are inherently limited and should not be relied on as indicators of future investment performance. 
A = Actual. E/* = Estimate. Data as of September 11, 2026.
Sources: BofA Global Research; GWIM ISC as of September 11, 2026. 
Asset Class Weightings (as of 9/1/2026)
Asset Class
CIO View  
Underweight 
Neutral 
Overweight
Global Equities
U.S. Large-cap Growth
U.S. Large-cap Value
U.S. Small-cap Growth
U.S. Small-cap Value
International Developed
Emerging Markets
Global Fixed Income
U.S. Governments
U.S. Mortgages
U.S. Corporates
International Fixed 
Income
High Yield
U.S. Investment-grade  
Tax Exempt
U.S. High Yield Tax 
Exempt
Cash
CIO asset class views are relative to the CIO Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA) of a multi-asset portfolio. 
Source: Chief Investment Office as of September 1, 2026. All sector and asset allocation recommendations must be 
considered in the context of an individual investor’s goals, time horizon, liquidity needs and risk tolerance. Not all 
recommendations will be in the best interest of all investors.
CIO Equity Sector Views
Sector
CIO View  
Underweight 
Neutral 
Overweight
Industrials
Financials
Healthcare
Consumer 
Discretionary
Information 
Technology
Energy
Materials
Utilities
Communication 
Services
Real Estate
Consumer 
Staples


[Page 8]
8 of 8 September 14, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
Index Definitions 
Securities indexes assume reinvestment of all distributions and interest payments. Indexes are unmanaged and do not take into account fees or expenses. It is not possible to 
invest directly in an index. Indexes are all based in U.S. dollars.
S&P 500 Index is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States.
Bloomberg Commodity Index designed to provide liquid and diversified exposure to commodities via futures contracts. Is calculated on an excess return basis and reflects commodity 
futures price movements.
MSCI Emerging Markets Index captures large and mid cap representation across 24 Emerging Markets countries. With 1,205 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free 
float adjusted market capitalization in each country.
MSCI Japan Index is designed to measure the performance of the large and mid cap segments of the Japanese market.
MSCI Pacific ex Japan Index captures large and mid cap representation across 4 of 5 Developed Markets (DM) countries in the Pacific region (excluding Japan). With 93 constituents, the index 
covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
MSCI All-Country World Index is a premier benchmark representing global equity performance, covering large and mid-cap stocks across 23 developed and 24 emerging markets.
MSCI World Index ex U.S. captures large and mid cap representation across 22 of 23 Developed Markets countries--excluding the United States..
MSCI USA Momentum Index is based on MSCI USA Index, its parent index, which captures large and mid-cap stocks of the U.S. market. It is designed to reflect the performance of an equity 
momentum strategy by emphasizing stocks with high price momentum, while maintaining reasonably high trading liquidity, investment capacity and moderate index turnover.
U.S. Large-cap Growth/Russell 1000 Growth Index measures the performance of the large-cap growth segment of the U.S. equity universe. It includes those Russell 1000 companies with 
relatively higher price-to-book ratios, higher I/B/E/S forecast medium term (2 year) growth and higher sales per share historical growth (5 years).
U.S. Small-cap/Russell 2000 Index measures the performance of the small-cap segment of the U.S. Equity universe. 
MSCI USA High Dividend Yield Index is designed to reflect the performance of equities in the MSCI USA Index (excluding REITs) with higher dividend income and quality characteristics than 
average dividend yields that are both sustainable and persistent.
U.S. Mid Cap/Russell Midcap Index measures the performance of the mid-cap segment of the U.S. Equity universe. The Russell Midcap Index is a subset of the Russell 1000® Index. It 
includes approximately 800 of the smallest securities based on a combination of their market cap and current index membership.
MSCI USA Value Index captures large and mid-cap U.S. securities exhibiting overall value style characteristics.
MSCI USA Equal Weighted Index represents an alternative weighting scheme to its market cap weighted parent index, the MSCI USA Index. At each quarterly rebalance date, all index 
constituents are weighted equally, effectively removing the influence of each constituent’s current price.
MSCI USA Minimum Volatility Index aims to reflect the performance characteristics of a minimum variance strategy applied to the large and mid-cap USA equity universe.
MSCI USA Growth Index captures large and mid cap securities exhibiting overall growth style characteristics in the US.
MSCI USA Quality Index are factor indexes designed to represent the performance of companies with durable business models and sustainable competitive advantages.
Russell Large Cap measures the performance of the large cap segment of the US equity market.
Important Disclosures 
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
Bank of America, Merrill, their affiliates and advisors do not provide legal, tax or accounting advice. Clients should consult their legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
This material does not take into account a client’s particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer, or solicitation for the purchase 
or sale of any security or investment strategy. Merrill offers a broad range of brokerage, investment advisory and other services. There are important differences between brokerage and 
investment advisory services, including the type of advice and assistance provided, the fees charged, and the rights and obligations of the parties. It is important to understand the differences, 
particularly when determining which service or services to select. For more information about these services and their differences, speak with your Merrill financial advisor.
This information should not be construed as investment advice and is subject to change. It is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to be either a specific offer by Bank 
of America, Merrill or any affiliate to sell or provide, or a specific invitation for a consumer to apply for, any particular retail financial product or service that may be available.
The Chief Investment Office (“CIO”) provides thought leadership on wealth management, investment strategy and global markets; portfolio management solutions; due diligence; and solutions 
oversight and data analytics. CIO viewpoints are developed for Bank of America Private Bank, a division of Bank of America, N.A., (“Bank of America”) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated (“MLPF&S” or “Merrill”), a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
The Global Wealth & Investment Management Investment Strategy Committee (“GWIM ISC”) is responsible for developing and coordinating recommendations for short-term and long-term 
investment strategy and market views encompassing markets, economic indicators, asset classes and other market-related projections affecting GWIM.
BofA Global Research is research produced by BofA Securities, Inc. (“BofAS”) and/or one or more of its affiliates. BofAS is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and wholly owned subsidiary 
of Bank of America Corporation.
All recommendations must be considered in the context of an individual investor’s goals, time horizon, liquidity needs and risk tolerance. Not all recommendations will be in the best interest 
of all investors.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investments have varying degrees of risk. Some of the risks involved with equity securities include the possibility that the value of the stocks may fluctuate in response to events specific to 
the companies or markets, as well as economic, political or social events in the U.S. or abroad. Small cap and mid cap companies pose special risks, including possible illiquidity and greater price 
volatility than funds consisting of larger, more established companies. Investing in fixed-income securities may involve certain risks, including the credit quality of individual issuers, possible 
prepayments, market or economic developments and yields and share price fluctuations due to changes in interest rates. When interest rates go up, bond prices typically drop, and vice versa. 
Investments in high-yield bonds (sometimes referred to as “junk bonds”) offer the potential for high current income and attractive total return, but involves certain risks. Changes in economic 
conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect a junk bond issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments. Income from investing in municipal bonds is generally exempt 
from Federal and state taxes for residents of the issuing state. While the interest income is tax-exempt, any capital gains distributed are taxable to the investor. Income for some investors 
may be subject to the Federal Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). Treasury bills are less volatile than longer-term fixed income securities and are guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and 
interest by the U.S. government. Bonds are subject to interest rate, inflation and credit risks. Investments in foreign securities (including ADRs) involve special risks, including foreign currency 
risk and the possibility of substantial volatility due to adverse political, economic or other developments. These risks are magnified for investments made in emerging markets. Investments in 
a certain industry or sector may pose additional risk due to lack of diversification and sector concentration. There are special risks associated with an investment in commodities, such as gold, 
including market price fluctuations, regulatory changes, interest rate changes, credit risk, economic changes and the impact of adverse political or financial factors. Investing directly in Master 
Limited Partnerships, foreign equities, commodities or other investment strategies discussed in this document, may not be available to, or appropriate for, clients who receive this document. 
However, these investments may exist as part of an underlying investment strategy within exchange-traded funds and mutual funds.
© 2026 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
