[Page 1]
Amanda Lynam, CPA 
+1(212)934-1895 | 
amanda.lynam@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Global Markets Daily: A Floor Under Foreign Flows Into US Credit
15 September 2026 | 9:07AM EDT
The rise in global bond yields has caused some market participants to question 
n
whether the appetite of foreign investors for US corporate credit will wane. This 
is relevant as foreign investors are meaningful participants in the US corporate 
credit market, owning roughly 29% of the outstanding bonds according to 
Federal Reserve Board data. 
The past few years have highlighted robust demand for US credit, and that trend 
n
has continued into 2026 according to the most recent data from the US Treasury. 
Through the end of June, year-to-date net foreign purchases of US corporate 
bonds totaled $251 billion. This leaves 2026 on pace to rival 2025’s annual 
record of $392 billion. 
Leaving the custodial nuances of the TIC data aside, we find that European 
n
investors have represented the largest share of net foreign purchases of US 
credit in recent years, at 52%. Asia has generated 21%, and the Caribbean (which 
includes institutions domiciled in tax havens) accounted for 17%. 
Flows from Japanese investors have been closely monitored by market 
n
participants, given policymakers’ recent comments regarding potential ways to 
increase domestic purchases of Japanese assets. As it relates to foreign 
investments, the Bank of Japan’s most recent Financial System Report 
highlighted an increased appetite for CLOs and alternative assets (such as private 
equity), and decreased holdings of IG and HY bonds. While there may be some 
scope for a further reduction in IG and HY bonds, we expect this size to be 
manageable in the context of the broader market.  
USD hedging costs for European and Japanese investors have declined in 2026 
n
and remain well below the 2022-2023 peaks. This should also support foreign 
demand for US credit, on the margin. That said, we do not view hedging costs as 
the key allocation consideration and believe macroeconomic activity, corporate 
profits, and credit fundamentals are more important. For foreign investors 
looking to take exposure to corporate credit risk, there are also few alternatives 
to the size and depth of the US market. As a result, we continue to expect a floor 
to remain under foreign purchases of US-domiciled credit, and view a broader 
repatriation of flows as unlikely. 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 


[Page 2]
A Floor Under Foreign Flows Into US Credit  
 
 
The rise in global bond yields has caused some market participants to question whether 
the appetite of foreign investors for US corporate credit will wane. This is relevant as 
foreign investors are meaningful participants in the US corporate credit market, owning 
roughly 29% of the outstanding bonds according to Federal Reserve Board data (Exhibit 
1). 
 
The past few years have highlighted robust demand for US credit, and that trend has 
continued into 2026 according to the most recent data from the US Treasury. Through 
the end of June, year-to-date net foreign purchases of US corporate bonds totaled $251 
billion. This leaves 2026 on pace to rival 2025’s annual record of $392 billion (Exhibit 2). 
This is notable as the foreign appetite for US credit has persisted despite a range of 
headwinds in recent years, including fluctuations in the strength of the dollar and the 
cost of hedging. 
 
Exhibit 1: Foreign investors own nearly one-third of US corporate credit 
Ownership of the US corporate credit market, by investor type 
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
90
92
94
96
98
00
02
04
06
08
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
Pension funds
Insurance companies
Banks and credit unions
Other financial companies
Households and nonprofits
Mutual Funds and ETFs
Rest of World
 
Note: As of 1Q2026. 
 
Source: Federal Reserve Board, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 3]
 
The Treasury International Capital (TIC) System provides granular snapshots by region, 
although this is somewhat imperfect due to the ‘custodial bias‘ of the data. With that 
caveat, since early 2022, we find that European investors have represented the largest 
share of net foreign purchases of US credit, at 52% (Exhibit 3). Asia has generated 21%, 
and the Caribbean (which includes institutions domiciled in tax havens) accounted for 
17%.  
 
Flows from Japanese investors have been closely monitored by market participants, 
given policymakers’ recent comments regarding potential ways to increase domestic 
 
Exhibit 2: Foreign demand for US credit in 2026 has, so far, 
been robust 
Net sales of US corporate bonds to foreign investors ($bn) 
-200
-100
0
100
200
300
400
500
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
(June
YTD)
$bn
All countries
 
Note: Captures data through June 30, 2026 (most recent available as of 
September 13, 2026). 
 
Source: US Treasury, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 3: Since January 2022, Europe has represented 52% of net foreign purchases of US 
credit, followed by Asia (21%) and the Caribbean (17%) 
Net sales of US corporate bonds to foreign investors ($bn), by region and month 
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
80
100
Jan-22
Jan-23
Jan-24
Jan-25
Jan-26
$bn
Asia
Europe
Caribbean
Latin America
Canada
All Other Countries
 
Note: Captures data through June 30, 2026 (most recent available as of September 13, 2026). 
 
Source: US Treasury, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 4]
purchases of Japanese assets. As Exhibit 4 illustrates, Japanese investors have 
moderated their net purchases of US bonds in 2026 (across all categories, not just 
credit).  
 
In the Bank of Japan’s most recent Financial System Report, there were three notable 
takeaways from banks’ asset allocation posture towards foreign credit. First, the 
outstanding amount of collateralized loan obligations (CLOs) has increased, driven by a 
desire to secure carry income. Second, the outstanding amounts of investment grade 
(IG) and high yield (HY) bonds have declined, “due to a decrease in their investment 
attractiveness” owing in part to tighter spreads (Exhibit 5). Third, large financial 
institutions have increased their alternative investment holdings—including private 
equity—in order to improve investment yields and diversify risk (Exhibit 6). 
As Exhibit 5 highlights, the largest absolute foreign credit exposure (across all countries) 
is IG bonds, at ¥59 trillion, or roughly $382 billion in USD-equivalent. Given the 
commentary in the Financial System Report, there does appear to be scope for Japanese 
investors to further reduce IG bond holdings (and to a lesser extent, HY) in favor of 
products such as CLOs and alternatives. That said, we would expect these reductions to 
be modest relative to the size of the broader USD IG market. For example, the 
Bloomberg USD IG Corporate Index has $8.1 trillion in notional outstanding, of which 
86.5% is mapped to a US country of risk. Notably, while CLOs and alternative assets are 
global products, the North American region represents a large portion of each asset 
class (50% to 70% by our estimates, depending on the market).  
 
Exhibit 4: Japanese investors have moderated their net 
purchases of US bonds, across all categories 
Japanese investors’ cumulative net purchases of short-term and 
long-term US bonds (¥tn); includes all bonds, not just corporate 
credit 
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
50
Jan-21
Jan-22
Jan-23
Jan-24
Jan-25
Jan-26
¥tn.
 
Note: Captures data through July 31, 2026 (most recent available as of 
September 13, 2026). 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Bank of Japan, Ministry of Finance, Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 5]
 
USD hedging costs for European and Japanese investors have declined in 2026 and 
remain well below the 2022-2023 peaks. This should also support foreign demand for 
US credit, on the margin. That said, we do not view hedging costs as the key allocation 
consideration and believe macroeconomic activity, corporate profits, and credit 
fundamentals are more important.  
For foreign investors looking to take exposure to corporate credit risk, there are also few 
alternatives to the size and depth of the US market. This is illustrated in Exhibit 7. As a 
result, we continue to expect a floor to remain under foreign purchases of US-domiciled 
credit and view a broader repatriation of flows as unlikely. 
 
 
Exhibit 5: Japanese investors have increased CLO holdings, 
while decreasing IG and HY bonds 
Japanese investors’ foreign credit product investment 
 
Exhibit 6: Japanese investors have increased exposure to 
alternative assets in recent years, most notably to private 
equity 
Japanese investors’ foreign alternative investment 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
¥tn. 
Other products
CLOs
High-yield corporate bonds
Investment-grade corporate bonds
FY
FY
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
¥tn. 
Hedge funds
Real estate funds
Private credit funds
Private equity funds
FY
 
Note: Covers major banks, regional banks, Shinkin banks, Japan Post Bank, and 
a central organization of financial cooperatives. Latest data is as of September 
2025. 
 
Source: Bank of Japan Financial System Report (April 2026)
 
Note: Covers major banks, Japan Post Bank, and a central organization of 
financial cooperatives. “Real estate funds” exclude publicly traded REITs. 
“Private credit funds” indicates direct lending funds. Latest data is as of 
September 2025. 
 
Source: Bank of Japan Financial System Report (April 2026)
 
Exhibit 7: The USD corporate credit markets are, by far, the 
largest across regions 
Amount outstanding ($tn) for the currency-specific Bloomberg IG 
Corporate indices 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
USD
EUR
Combined: GBP / JPY / CAD
/ AUD / CHF
$tn.
 
Note: Excludes index-ineligible debt in all markets. Based on currency of issue, not 
country of issuer. As of July 24, 2026. In USD equivalents. 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 6]
 
Best Trade Ideas Across Assets 
For pricing, charts, and a list of previous recommendations, please visit our Trade Ideas 
page. 
Stay short SGD/MYR, opened January 24, 2026, at 3.13, with a target at 2.90 and a 
1.
stop at 3.30, currently trading at 3.21. 
Stay long TRY, NGN and KZT against the USD, as an equally weighted basket, opened 
2.
February 18, 2026, at 0%, with a revised total return target at 10%, and a revised 
stop at 5%, currently trading at 9.5%. 
Stay long 3y SOFR swap spread, opened April 17, 2026, at -22.6bp, with a revised 
3.
target at -12bp inclusive of carry; and a revised stop at -17.5bp, trading at -15.8bp. 
Stay short USD/EGP, opened April 24, 2026, at 0%, with a revised total return target 
4.
at 12% and a revised stop at 5%, currently trading at 7.1%. 
Stay long INR 30y bonds, opened June 27, 2026, at 7.34%, with a target at 6.90% 
5.
and a stop at 7.65%, trading at 7.60% as of September 11, 2026. 
Stay short AUD/NZD, via 6m (14 Jan 2027) 1.1650 puts, opened July 14, 2026, at 
6.
1.2000, currently trading at 1.2356. 
Stay long NIFTY Banks vs. short NIFTY Pharma, opened July 15, 2026, at 100 in local 
7.
currency (INR), with a target at 115 and a stop at 90, trading at 96 as of September 
11, 2026. 
Stay short PLN/HUF, opened August 5, 2026, at 84.12, with a target at 80.5 and a 
8.
stop at 87, currently trading at 84.10. 
Stay short EUR/AUD, opened September 4, 2026, at 1.6123, with a target at 1.5750 
9.
and a stop at 1.6520, currently trading at 1.618. 
Stay long INR/IDR, opened September 4, 2026, at 187, with a target at 200 and a 
10.
stop at 178, trading at 184, as of September 11, 2026. 
Stay short SGD/CNH, opened September 4, 2026, at 5.29, with a target at 5.00 and a 
11.
stop at 5.50, currently trading at 5.28. 
Pay CHF 1y1y against EUR 1y1y, opened September 11, 2026, at 3.02, with a target 
12.
at 2.65 and a stop at 3.25, currently trading at 2.95.
 
 
15 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 7]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Amanda Lynam, CPA, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced 
by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Amanda Lynam, CPA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
15 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 8]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
15 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 


[Page 9]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
15 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 
