[Page 1]
May Lose Value
Not FDIC Insured
No Bank Guarantee
The Limit Does 
Not Exist
Rethinking the S-Curve in the Age 
of Compounding Innovation
Parts I & II
September 2026


[Page 2]
Most innovations haven’t 
improved further than the third 
square of the chessboard, much 
less the second half. When 
improvement extends into the 
second half of the chessboard, 
that is when we enter the 
territory of industrial revolutions.
Authors
Matthew J. Moberg, CPA
Portfolio Manager
Franklin Equity
Emily Elott
Research Analyst
Franklin Equity


[Page 3]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
3
The Limit Does Not Exist
Rethinking the S-Curve in the Age of Compounding Innovation
1. Moore’s Law: First articulated by Gordon Moore in 1965, it refers to the observation that the number of transistors on an integrated circuit doubles roughly every two years.
Dear Reader,
In the second quarter of 2026, Goldman Sachs Research noted that 68% of S&P 500 companies 
mentioned artificial intelligence (AI) on their calls. And AI capex spending now tops US$1 trillion a year. It is 
fair to say that AI is the dominant force in the economy today. Against this backdrop, we wanted to share 
with you a bit more of how we think about AI. 
Since the ChatGPT moment in November 2022, we’ve encountered plenty of traditional analysis which 
tells us the penetration of AI is still low, but also that companies investing in AI are generating a return on 
investment greater than their cost of capital. Of course, pinpointing these numbers and their magnitude 
is important for us as investors. 
The other phenomenon we’ve observed is a tendency simply to speak loudly, confidently and in hyperbole 
about the upcoming and sweeping change. However, statements like “AI will change everything we have 
ever known” offer a conclusion without an explanation. Additionally, the reactions to such unmoored 
statements are predictable—fear, scoffing, indifference (as it’s just too big and too unsubstantiated), and, for 
many contrarian investors, a deep desire to take the other side of that trade. 
This paper seeks to avoid all of that. 
Instead, it tries to explain the why : Why we believe AI will continue to improve, why it has a long runway 
of growth ahead and why it will make such an impact. As innovation investors, we seek to find new ideas 
that are in the business of finding new ideas that are 10x better than what came before. We think 10x is 
a useful shorthand for describing a fantastic new technology that will change people’s behavior. 
This paper explains why we have confidence not only that AI development will continue, but that it will 
improve 10x, not just once but every few years. We walk through why this repeated 10x improvement is 
unprecedented and powerful. 
The rate of improvement of AI today is accelerating much faster than Moore’s Law.1 Unfortunately, laying 
out that framework takes more than a sentence and even more than a page, but we do think it is worth it.
This paper has two goals. 
First, we want readers to understand that AI’s continued exponential improvement is grounded in clear 
advances in compute infrastructure that, based on our research, are highly likely to continue. By the end of the 
paper, we think you will agree that, at a minimum, the improvements can continue at a spectacular rate for 
some period of time. 
Second, we seek to offer a glimpse into the work and thinking of our team. We strive to be original, 
clear, and logically rigorous. Above all, we hope this provides a stronger foundation for understanding 
the world we live in.
Finally, thank you to our team members Rich Ma and Tyler Whitehead for their contributions to 
this research.
Sincerely,
Matt Moberg
Portfolio Manager
Franklin Equity


[Page 4]
4
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
The “Why” of AI 
Moore’s Law has been unprecedented. For 60 years, the number of transistors on 
a single chip doubled every two years, and so did compute power. Today, transistor 
counts measure in the hundreds of billions, and we now carry pocket computers. 
A technology that advances at such an explosive yet steady rate is rare, and, 
consequently, it has been one of the major drivers of the Third Industrial 
Revolution. 
Moore’s Law is now slowing, but compute power is still accelerating. Advancements 
in semiconductor technology beyond Moore’s Law are continuing at an impressive 
rate, and we see a clear roadmap for future gains. 
Take a moment to contemplate this. After 60 years and 39 doubles, compute 
power is still accelerating. The next age of progress will not be driven by Moore’s 
Law alone. Instead, it will proceed at the level of the system, scaling ever bigger 
AI factories. We believe this is leading us into a new era, the Fourth Industrial 
Revolution. And improvements at this scale have the potential to reshape the 
global economy. 
This paper explains why AI is just now taking shape in the 2020s and why we 
expect it will continue to get better. 
In Part I, we give evidence for and explore why many major technologies improve in 
the shape of an S-curve—initial exponential growth that levels out quickly. 
In Part II, we argue that semiconductors are unique in the history of innovation 
because they continued to improve and did not asymptote for over 60 years. We 
then use an analogy to chess to explain how impactful this improvement will be as 
we enter the second half of the chessboard. 
In Part III, we explain why we believe we are already at the dawn of a new series of 
S-curves, which we call the “AI Scaling Era” and which is moving faster than 
Moore’s Law. It is this handoff from one S-curve to the next that has ushered in AI 
and ignited the Fourth Industrial Revolution.2
Moore’s Law is the 
observation that the number 
of transistors on a 
semiconductor chip tends to 
double roughly every two 
years, driving exponential 
improvements in computing 
performance and reductions 
in cost per computation. 
2. We discuss industrial revolutions at greater length in our paper entitled, “Make room Magnificent Seven. The Fourth Industrial Revolution means more mega-caps.” Industrial revolutions are periods of 
great economic change and disruption. They are built on multiple concurrent general-purpose technologies. These are new technologies or innovations that become so disruptive and pervasive in the 
economy that they serve as platforms for many other complementary innovations. In this case, AI is a clear general-purpose technology.
Related Research
The AI Scaling Era and the 
Advancements Ahead
Where does the next wave 
of compute come from? 
This companion paper looks 
beyond the individual chip 
to the technologies 
reshaping the entire 
computing system and 
the multiple S-curves that 
could drive the next era of 
AI scaling.
Explore Part III


[Page 5]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
5
Part I: Innovations Advance in S-Curves 
3. For the math nerds: the equation for the cumulative total of rice at any square of the board n is 2(n + 1) – 1, a geometric series. For the last square of the first half of the chessboard, n = 31 because the first 
square contains 1 grain of rice, or 20 = 1, so we start counting at 0 instead of 1.
4. Assume a camel can carry 400 pounds. 540 camels can carry about 107 tons. Each pound of rice has about 20,000 grains per pound. These are rough estimates.
5. This is beyond the scope of this paper, but, even in liberal democracies, there may be no deaths, but there will be regulation. Also, none of this is a stable historical fact. It should be viewed as such.
Key Takeaway
Exponential improvement 
drives technological 
transformations. However, 
most innovations experience 
only a brief period of 
exponential improvement 
before they slow to near-zero. 
Understanding this historical 
pattern provides context for 
why the semiconductor is a 
powerful exception that has 
launched two industrial 
revolutions. 
Exponents and the First and Second Half 
of the Chessboard
A famous and widely used parable in Silicon Valley helps explain exponents and 
exponential growth. It is a fable about a peasant boy in India who invented the 
game of chess in the 1300s. The game became very popular in his village, and he 
was eventually granted an audience with the royal court. The Maharaj was 
delighted by the game and granted the boy a single wish as a reward. The peasant 
thought for a moment and then asked for “64 days of rice. Doubling.” One for each 
square of the chessboard. On the first day, he wanted one grain of rice. On the 
second, two grains of rice, on the third, four grains, and so on…doubling the rice 
each day for 64 days. 
The Maharaj granted the boy his wish. Of course, the first few payments were 
negligible, but, by the 32nd square, or halfway through the chessboard, the Maharaj 
owed about 4.3 billion grains of rice.3 This is surprisingly manageable. It is about 
540 camel loads of rice.4 However, halfway through the chessboard, the Maharaj 
now understood he had been tricked. 
Had the Maharaj made it to the end of the chessboard, he would have owed 
18.4 quintillion grains of rice to the boy, or about 2.3 trillion camel loads. 
Squares 33-64 would have contained 99.9999999% of all the rice he owed. 
Exhibit 1: The Second Half of the Chessboard Is Where Exponential 
Growth Explodes
0
0.0E+0
4.0E+18
2.0E+18
8.0E+18
6.0E+18
1.0E+19
Grains of Rice
3
6
9
12
15
18
21
24
27
30
33
36
39
42
45
48
51
54
57
60
Square on the Chessboard (0 = ﬁrst square)
63
By the end of the chessboard, you have 
18.4 quintillion grains of rice. 
(1 quintillion = 1 million trillions)
First half of chessboard ends.
Contains < 0.0000001% of the 
total rice 
No one tricks the Maharaj in the 14th century in public. The boy was sentenced to 
death.5


[Page 6]
6
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
To us, this fable is an important reminder of the initial banality of exponential 
growth. If you look only at the first few squares or even the first half of the 
chessboard, the growth at first appears insignificant. It is not until you reach the 
second half of the chessboard that the numbers explode. 
S-Curves
In investing, exponential growth is often discussed in terms of S-curves. The first 
half of an S-curve behaves approximately like exponential growth. However, in the 
real world, growth rates eventually decay, and that is what makes S-curves so 
useful. They not only capture the initial exponential growth but also the slowdown.
 = rN
dN
dt
1 –  N
K
6
• N = current size (users, revenue, population, etc.)
• r = intrinsic growth rate
• K = carrying capacity (maximum market size)
• dN
dt = rate of change (slope of the S-curve at any point)
6. Source: Eric W. Weisstein, “Logistic Equation,” MathWorld—A Wolfram Resource, accessed July 8, 2026.
Asymptote: In this paper, we 
use asymptote primarily to 
refer to the practical limit of 
a technology’s performance. 
As a technology matures, 
each additional improvement 
becomes harder and more 
expensive to achieve. 
Time
Knee of the curve
Inﬂection point
t0
Growth slow 
to near zero
Asymptote
S-Curves: Adoption Rates
As investors, we usually encounter work on exponential growth using S-curves that 
focus on adoption rates. Adoption rates are relevant to investors because 
understanding the pace and penetration of a product are critical variables when 
valuing a new product or company.
When an S-curve charts adoption rates, the path tends to be relatively short and 
explosive, characterized by a period of accelerating growth, followed by 
deceleration and then a leveling out. Because the maximum adoption rate of 
anything is 100%, S-curves trace this asymptote near 100%. 


[Page 7]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
7
Exhibit 2: You Have Probably Seen This Chart Before. This Is not What 
This Paper Is About7
Adoption Rates of Key Innovations
7. Author calculations and visualization based on US technology adoption data compiled from Ryan McDevitt, “The Generalized Bass Model and Technology Diffusion,” accessed July 2026, and Our World 
in Data technology adoption datasets.
8. There are a few common phrases that express this. Marc Andreessen refers to it as “10x better” in the sense that a new technology needs to be 10x better than what came before to change someone’s longstanding 
habits. Another phrase is “Zero to One,” a term used by Peter Thiel to reflect step-change innovations that reshape an entire field or industry. Examples include the iPhone, the automobile, and the internet.
Source: Our World in Data. Adoption rates represent US household adoption and availability measures. Series begin at the first available observation and are intended to 
illustrate broad technology adoption patterns.
S-Curves: Technological Improvement Rates
S-curves are useful beyond adoption rates. We have found that most technological improvements also 
follow an S-curve. In the first period after an innovation appears, it is obviously better than what came 
before.8 But, after that first burst of exponential improvement, the gains begin to slow and reach an 
eventual plateau. 
It is important for investors to recognize when technological improvement rates decelerate because 
it is often a leading indicator that adoption rates will also decelerate, resulting in slower growth, less 
disruption and more stability in the market.
We illustrate this phenomenon in several high-profile technologies from the past, including the light bulb, 
the jet engine, and the iPhone. 
0
0
10
10
15
30
35
40
45
Adoption Percentage
5
20
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
25
Automobile / Car
Colour TV / TV proxy
Microcomputer / PC
Electricity
Cellular phone / Cell Phone
Internet
Landline / Telephone
Number of years (year 1 = year invented)


[Page 8]
8
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
Lightbulb
Exhibit 3: Lightbulb Brightness Improved Rapidly, Then Plateaued
Brightness of 1 Light Source (1800–1990)
1
In 1879, Thomas Edison invented the first commercially viable incandescent lightbulb,9 easily a 30x 
improvement over the candle and a 3x improvement over the kerosene lamp in terms of lumens, 
the measure of brightness. 
Over the next ~40 years, the incandescent lightbulb experienced some exponential improvement, 
doubling in brightness twice. The curve then flattened over the next 70 years until LED technology 
ushered in a new paradigm in the 1990s. LED primarily improved energy and maintenance costs, 
lifetime, controllability, form factor, and colors, but not lumens.10 The light bulb and its 
advancements reflect the typical S-curve pattern of technological development: explosive growth 
that tapers off. 
  9. This is only partially true. Thomas Edison developed and commercialized a practical incandescent lamp; he was not the sole inventor of electric lighting.
10. Vaclav Smil argues in Energy and Civilization that this is a common pattern across innovations. Once the initial exponential improvement is over, focus shifts to making the technology as efficient as 
possible.
Brightness (in Lumens per 100 watt bulb)
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
1,400
1,600
1800
1850
1900
Candle
kerosene lamp
First incandescent 
lightbulb 
Improved incandescent lightbulb
Lightbulb today
1950


[Page 9]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
9
Airplane Cruise Speed
Exhibit 4: Commercial Aircraft Cruise Speed Improved Rapidly, Then Plateaued11
Cruise Speed (knots)
2
11. This chart catalogues aircraft cruise speed. It is worth noting that the speed to cross the sound barrier (576 knots at 35,000 feet) was achieved in 1947, but it took over a decade for commercial aviation 
to make use of the technology. Cruise-speed data compiled from technical specifications for the Boeing 247D, Douglas DC‑4, Lockheed L‑749 Constellation, Douglas DC‑6B, Douglas DC‑7C, Boeing 
707‑320B, and Boeing 747 family aircraft. Sources: Karsten Palt, “Boeing 247 – Specifications – Technical Data / Description,” Flugzeuginfo.net; “Aircraft: Douglas C‑54/DC‑4 Skymaster,” AeroWeb; David C. 
Eyre, “Lockheed L‑749 Constellation,” Aeropedia: The Encyclopedia of Aircraft; “Douglas DC‑6,” Barrie Aircraft Museum; “Douglas DC‑7 Performance,” Aircraft Investigation; and “Boeing 707‑320B 
Specifications, Performance, and Range,” GlobalAir.com.
Exhibit 5: Illustration of Travel Time at Constant Cruise Speed
Boeing 247D
Douglas DC-4
Lockheed L-749
Constellation
Douglas DC-7C
Boeing 707-320B
Boeing 747-100
Boeing 747-300
Boeing 747-400
1933
1942
1946
1955
1958
1970
1983
Cruise Speed (knots)
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
550
1989
Note: The purpose of this table is to isolate the effect of aircraft cruise speed on travel time. Actual flight durations vary due to routing, weather, winds, and 
airport operations.


[Page 10]
10
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
Exhibit 4 reflects the increase in cruising speed of airplanes from 1933 to 1989. As in the case 
of the lightbulb, you can see an S-curve take shape. There is a dramatic improvement in speed 
until the 1950s, after which progress stalled. The notable exception was the Concorde, which 
broke the sound barrier, entered commercial service in 1976, and flew at more than twice the 
speed of conventional passenger aircraft.12 However, high operating costs and noise 
restrictions prevented supersonic travel from becoming the industry standard. As a result, 
the technological focus in jet engineering has turned elsewhere toward fuel efficiency, 
better pressurization, larger windows and a quieter experience, while speed has stayed 
relatively constant. 
iPhone 
Exhibit 6: Most iPhone Features13 Were Introduced Within its First Decade14
3
12. Source: Encyclopedia Britannica. “Concorde.” Last modified June 6, 2026.
13. What constitutes a feature is subjective. In this case, we chose features that had a “0-to-1” quality, where something entirely novel was introduced to the phone.
14. Feature milestones compiled from Apple product announcements and specifications. The original iPhone introduced a multi-touch touchscreen, camera, and desktop-class web browsing; iPhone 3G 
added the App Store and built-in GPS; iPhone 4S introduced Siri; and iPhone 5s introduced Touch ID.
When the first iPhone came out in 2007, it was a textbook example of something 10x better 
than the previous technology. Over the next decade, as cell networks grew faster and more 
efficient, the iPhone improved on its original model to include the App Store, location services, 
and additional features which spurred many applications based on precise location and 
mapping, audio and video, and the camera. Yet today’s new iPhones offer few incremental 
improvements. In fact, as a phone, it has barely improved at all. Like the light bulb and the jet 
engine, the basic chassis of the iPhone has remained the same. The iPhone has begun to 
plateau along the S-curve. 
iPhone
(2007)
iPhone 3G
(2008)
iPhone 4s
(2011)
iPhone 5s
(2013)
8
7
5
6
3
4
2
1
0
iPhone 17
(2025)
Camera
Touchscreen
Web Browser
Appstore
GPS
Camera
Touchscreen
WebBrowser
Siri
Appstore
GPS
Camera
Touchscreen
Web Browser
Touch ID
Siri
Appstore
GPS
Camera
Touchscreen
Web Browser
Touch ID
Siri
App store
GPS
Camera
Touchscreen
Web Browser


[Page 11]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
11
Each one of these technologies appears to have hit its plateau and did so not long after its 
invention. In general, new technologies have historically seen one or two doublings in 
improvement, but that is it. They come into existence seemingly out of nowhere, their mere 
invention improves lives, and then they undergo modest increases in efficiency and 
functionality thereafter. 
The S-curve has been the common pattern of improvement for these new technologies. Most 
innovations haven’t improved further than the third square15 of the chessboard, much less 
the second half. When improvement extends into the second half of the chessboard, that is 
when we enter the territory of industrial revolutions. 
15. This is a general claim.


[Page 12]
12
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
Part II: The Handoff From Moore’s 
Law to AI Scaling
What Happens When a Technology Keeps Doubling 
beyond the third square?
There are technologies advancing today that continue to improve and that we 
cannot see where they might slow. They are moving beyond the third square of the 
chessboard. This list includes genome sequencing,16 data storage density, and 
internet bandwidth. However, it is the semiconductor that remains unique not only 
in the magnitude of its improvement but also in its consistency. As far as we know, it 
is the most sustained exponential trend ever observed in engineering. The 
semiconductor (and its effect on compute power) is the one technology that 
seems never to stop improving.
If light bulb lumens sustained the same growth rate for as long as semiconductor 
processing power has, looking at a light bulb would instantly and permanently 
destroy your vision. The beam would illuminate mountains dozens or even 
hundreds of miles away as if they were in daylight.17 Similarly, if the car improved 
its speed at the same rate as the semiconductor, we could travel about 
10 billion miles per hour—12.5x the distance to the moon in one second, 
or about 16x the speed of light.18
Semiconductors stand apart because they are one of the rare examples of a 
technology that has continued doubling without interruption for decades. 
Moore’s Law and Semiconductors Were the First 
Half of the Chessboard
Since the integrated circuit was invented in 1958, the number of transistors on a 
chip has doubled almost every two years.19 The first integrated circuits had only a 
handful of transistors; by 1971, the Intel 4004 had 2300 transistors.20 Gordon Moore, 
a leading semiconductor designer, was the first to identify the metronomic pace of 
this doubling and dubbed it “Moore’s Law” in 1965.21 Although called a “law,” 
Moore’s Law is more an observation and a prediction—one that has lasted for  
60 years, or nearly 39 doubles.22 Today’s chips have over 200 billion transistors,23 
which would equate to nearly the 39th square on the chessboard of our 
opening parable. In our view, Moore’s Law24 took us to the end of the first half 
of the chessboard. It also took us to the end of the Third Industrial 
Revolution. It brought us mainframes, personal computers and smartphones, as 
each doubling gave us more processing power in a smaller form factor.
Key Takeaway
Examples of innovations that 
continue to improve are rare; 
however, semiconductors and 
compute are example 
technologies that have 
compounded exponentially 
for over 60 years and 
counting. Moore’s Law is 
finally starting to asymptote 
after over 60 years (the first 
half of the chessboard), yet a 
new computing paradigm—AI 
Scaling—is accelerating 
compute (entering the second 
half of the chessboard). We 
end this section by discussing 
the Bitter Lesson, a reminder 
that compute is, in fact, 
everything.
16. Both cost and speed.
17. Assume 30 instead of 39 doubles for easy comparison. Calculation assumes doubling of an average 100-watt light bulb 30 times to 1.5 trillion lumens. It is still far less bright than the sun.
18. Assuming the first car’s top speed was 10 mph, doubling 30 times.
19. Source: Texas Instruments, “Jack Kilby and the Integrated Circuit.” Computer History Museum, “1965: Moore’s Law Predicts the Future of Integrated Circuits.”
20. Source: National Museum of American History. “Intel 4004 Microprocessor.” Smithsonian Institution. Accessed July 9, 2026. Intel 4004 Microprocessor.
21. This is a slight simplification for ease of discussion. Gordon Moore wrote a paper observing the trend in 1965, and it was later attributed to him as Moore’s Law.
22. A nuance here: 60 years would imply 30 doubles, but the rate of improvement was actually faster over the first decade, averaging nearly a double every year, bringing the number of doubles to 39 over 
that period.
23. Source: “The Blackwell Epoch: How NVIDIA’s 208‑Billion Transistor Titan Redefined the AI Frontier.” FinancialContent. January 8, 2026.
24. Doubling every two years held until around 2023. Now, it has slowed and continues to slow further.


[Page 13]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
13
Moore’s Law Is Hitting an Asymptote Driven by Both 
Physics and Economics
Semiconductor improvement under Moore’s Law came from smaller transistors, which enabled more 
transistors per chip, resulting in higher clock speeds and better performance. However, as this 
process continued, the components eventually grew so small that we reached the atomic level. 
Today’s leading transistor gates are only 10-15 silicon atoms thick,25 and electrons are starting to leak 
through the barriers. Additionally, the heat on a chip has become a major constraint because modern 
chips consume more power than can be removed efficiently as heat.26 Even as ever more money was 
spent and ever more ingenious engineering solutions were devised, it became clear that Moore’s 
Law was slowing.27 
Physics makes continued scaling harder. Economics determines whether continued scaling is 
worthwhile. Today, transistor counts continue to rise but at a slower rate and at far greater 
expense, suggesting that Moore’s Law is finally—after over 60 years—slowing. However, it did get us 
through the first half of the chessboard. 
25. Source: The Transistor at 3 Nanometers,” Engineering for Adults, accessed July 9, 2026.
26. A simplified approximation of dynamic power is P ∝ V² × f, meaning power consumption rises rapidly as voltage and clock speeds increase. Real chips are more complex and include factors such as 
capacitance and leakage currents, but the result is the same: heat became a growing constraint on performance.
27. Source: International Roadmap for Devices and Systems (IRDS™). International Roadmap for Devices and Systems (IRDS™), 2024 Edition. Piscataway, NJ: Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers 
(IEEE), 2024.


[Page 14]
14
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
The Second Half of the Chessboard: The AI Scaling 
Era and Why It Arrived Now
In 2022, just as Moore’s Law was losing steam,28 NVIDIA CEO Jensen Huang 
declared that “Moore’s Law is dead.”29 It was a smart thing to say. It marked the 
beginning of a new era. At NVIDIA’s GTC Conference that same year, Huang 
introduced the H100 GPU30 31 with the memorable phrase of “the more you buy, the 
more you save,” signaling that future performance gains would come not from 
individual chips alone, but from massively parallel AI systems operating at 
unprecedented scale.32 The H100 shipped in late 2022 and coincided with the 
ChatGPT moment.33 Although the public may have experienced this release 
as an AI “Big Bang,” the foundation was laid years before. We believe these 
two events together have launched a new industrial revolution, the fourth. 
Compared with its predecessor, the A100 from 2020, the H100 delivered roughly 
three doublings34 of raw TFLOPS through innovations that extended well beyond 
transistor density. Blackwell, introduced in 2024 and now entering production, 
added another two doublings,35 and Rubin is expected to contribute several more. 
Rather than following Moore’s Law’s traditional pattern of one double every two 
years, the progression from A100 to H100 to Blackwell to Rubin has delivered 
multiple doubles in raw AI compute over only a few hardware generations. 
The source of these gains was not just a better chip but also architectural and 
system level changes. The H100 platform introduced Transformer Engines, FP8 
precision, enormous memory bandwidth, and tightly integrated GPU systems 
designed to work as a unified computing platform. Performance increased much 
faster than transistor counts alone would predict. Using these new innovations, 
the H100 helped the semiconductor industry jump several chessboard 
squares at once, even as we had already reached the second half of the 
chessboard. 
If you remember one thing from this paper, we hope it is this: Moore’s Law 
may be waning, but compute power is accelerating.36 In Exhibit 7, we see the 
knee of a generational S-curve in the early 2010s. 
28. Manufacturing fabs now cost tens of billions of dollars to construct. Costs have risen so dramatically because of physics—counteracting interference from quantum mechanics requires ever more 
expensive and sophisticated lithographic machines.
29. Source: Nguyen, Chuong. “Nvidia CEO Declares Moore’s Law Dead Following High-Priced RTX 4090 Launch.” Windows Central. September 21, 2022.
30. The H100 was announced in March of 2022 and in full production by September 2022. The H100 was actually the fourth generation of AI GPUs. The P100 launched in 2016, V100 in 2017, A100 in 2020, 
and each version was 2-5x faster than the previous launch. However, with the ChatGPT moment and H100 launch both happening in 2022, we view this as the zeitgeist moment that started the Fourth 
Industrial Revolution.
31. GPU stands for Graphics Processing Unit, a term leftover from the early days of Nvidia when these chips were designed specifically for video game graphics. In a serendipitous twist of fate, it was this 
design that proved optimal for the type of math (matrix multiplication) that powers AI models today. The alternative type of chip is called a CPU (Central Processing Unit), and you can think of it as the 
Swiss army knife of computing—good at directing everything but not superb in a particular task like the GPU.
32. Source: Andersch, Michael, Greg Palmer, Ronny Krashinsky, Nick Stam, Vishal Mehta, Gonzalo Brito, Sridhar Ramaswamy, et al. “NVIDIA Hopper Architecture In-Depth.” NVIDIA Technical Blog, March 22, 
2022. NVIDIA Corporation. “NVIDIA Hopper in Full Production.” NVIDIA Newsroom, September 20, 2022.
33. ChatGPT launched November 30, 2022. It reached one million users in one week and 100 million users in two months, making it one of the fastest product launches ever.
34. The numbers here track TFLOPS for each generation, a measure we discuss later but is a proxy for theoretical compute power. Source: NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPU Datasheet 
(Santa Clara, CA: NVIDIA, 2020), reporting FP16 Tensor Core performance of 312 TFLOPS, or 624 TFLOPS with sparsity. NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU Datasheet (Santa Clara, CA: NVIDIA, 
2022), reporting H100 SXM FP16 and BFLOAT16 Tensor Core performance of 1,979 TFLOPS with sparsity.
35. Source: Sean Hollister, “Nvidia Reveals Blackwell B200 GPU, the ‘World’s Most Powerful Chip’ for AI,” The Verge, March 18, 2024, reporting NVIDIA’s claim that the B200 GPU offers up to 20 petaflops of 
FP4 performance from 208 billion transistors.
36. Source: Epoch AI. “Data on AI Models.” Last modified July 1, 2026.
TFLOPS (Tera Floating Point 
Operations per Second) is a 
measure of computing 
performance equal to one 
trillion mathematical 
calculations per second.


[Page 15]
franklintempleton.com
The Limit Does Not Exist
15
Exhibit 7: Moore’s Law Is Slowing, but Compute Is Accelerating
Note: The Y-axis charts the total number of floating-point operations (calculations) needed to train a frontier machine learning model and shows it on a logarithmic 
scale. This tracks theoretical peak compute power. Selected models were in the top 10 in performance in their respective time frames. Although the focus in the Moore’s 
Law Era was not machine learning, this measure is still an effective proxy for compute power over that period because it measures how much data the most 
sophisticated computer systems of the time could handle. 
We may look back at ChatGPT’s public release on November 30, 2022, as the start of the Fourth Industrial 
Revolution, but the timing of these advances is not coincidental. The A100, released around 31 months before 
ChatGPT in 2019, provided much of the compute infrastructure used to train the next generation of foundation 
models. Shortly after that public release, the H100 began ramping into hyperscale data centers. Once compute 
capacity crossed a critical threshold, AI capabilities became visible to the world almost overnight.
Exhibit 8: Peak Theoretical Compute Has Accelerated Across Successive 
GPU Generations37
Architecture
GPU
Year
Peak AI Compute
(TFLOPS)
Pascal
P100
2016
21
Volta
V100
2017
125
Ampere
A100
2020
312
Hopper
H100
2022
2,000
Blackwell
B200
2024
9,000
Rubin
Rubin
2026
50,000
Rubin Ultra
Rubin Ultra38
2027
100,000+
Note: Peak AI compute refers to the theoretical maximum calculation speed of a system, measured as floating point operations per second achievable by one 
chip in that generation. It is expressed in TFLOPS (trillion floating point operations per second). Theoretical TFLOPS can diverge from practical TFLOPS because 
of other bottlenecks like memory, networking, and power which we discuss in a later section. Values are not strictly apples-to-apples. Later generations 
incorporate lower-precision numerical formats (FP16, BF16, FP8, and FP4) that increase theoretical AI throughput. 
2006: NVIDIA's Tesla GPU, 
the ﬁrst programmable 
parallel processor, is released  
2017: NVIDIA 
introduces tensor 
cores, the ﬁrst 
hardware designed 
speciﬁcally for AI, 
in its Volta GPU  
2022: ChatGPT 
introduces AI to the 
world 
 
Knee of the curve?
1950
1960
1970
1980
1990
2000
2010
2020
0.00
5.00
10.00
15.00
20.00
25.00
Training Compute, log10(FLOP)
Moore's Law Era
AI Scaling Era
37. Source: NVIDIA Corporation, Tesla P100 GPU Accelerator (2016); NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA Tesla V100 Tensor Core GPU (2017); NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA A100 Tensor Core GPU Datasheet (2020); 
NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA H100 Tensor Core GPU Datasheet (2022); NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA Blackwell Platform Technical Brief (2024); NVIDIA Corporation, NVIDIA Rubin Architecture and Product 
Roadmap (2024–2025). Theoretical peak AI compute measured using NVIDIA-reported AI precision formats for each generation.
38. NVIDIA announced the Blackwell platform on March 18, 2024. Rubin and Rubin Ultra represent NVIDIA’s publicly disclosed future AI-computing roadmap and associated performance guidance. 
Product specifications, availability dates, and performance targets are subject to change as future systems enter production.


[Page 16]
16
The Limit Does Not Exist
franklintempleton.com
The transition to greater compute power marks more than another chip-level advance in semiconductor 
technology. It represents a shift from Moore’s Law-driven transistor shrinking to system-level 
compute scaling as the primary engine of exponential progress. Moore’s Law laid the foundation, 
but AI infrastructure has created a new exponential trajectory. 
The Bitter Lesson: Yes, More Compute Is the Answer 
Since the beginning of the field, AI researchers have sought elegant ways to represent human cognition 
in machines. But their research continues to reveal that this pursuit is less effective than simply increasing 
compute power. In 2019, Rich Sutton described this reality as the “Bitter Lesson” of AI.39 Brute-force 
computation works better than elegant programming. 
Chess, the first complex game in which computers beat people, illustrates this lesson. Computers 
bested chess savants not when they were taught the special structure of the game but rather when 
their processing power enabled them to search many moves ahead and evaluate millions of positions 
per second. 
The core mathematical techniques of modern AI have existed for decades. Neural networks, gradient 
descent, and the linear algebra that power today’s large language models are not fundamentally new 
inventions. What changed was the scale at which they could be applied. As compute power increased, 
researchers were able to train larger models on larger datasets and represent relationships across 
thousands of dimensions simultaneously. Problems that once appeared too complex for machines 
gradually became solvable.
In machine learning, it turns out, there is no final stroke of brilliance, no moment when the 
computer sees the way things hang together, no triumph akin to the grand master’s final move. 
Instead, its mastery comes from calculation at ever greater scale, which flows directly from more 
compute power. Algorithms do matter, but those that succeed tend to be the ones that rely on 
general methods that improve with access to more compute and data.
The way the semiconductor industry pursues greater scale, however, has changed. Shrinking transistors 
drove Moore’s Law, but, we believe connecting chips into one unified system is the new way forward. 
The Bitter Lesson explains why more compute matters. It does not explain where that compute will come 
from. That is the central engineering question of the AI Scaling Era. The answer is that AI compute 
advancements no longer derive from just an individual chip. Rather, improvement comes from the entire 
system of processors, memory, packaging, networking, power and software operating as one machine. 
The next S-curve is therefore not a single curve, in our opinion. It is many reinforcing S-curves.
39. The key finding from his work is the biggest long-term gains have come from methods that get better as compute increases, not from adding more handcrafted intelligence. Source: Sutton, Richard S. 
“The Bitter Lesson.” March 13, 2019. Incomplete Ideas.


[Page 17]
AI compute 
advancements no 
longer derive from just 
an individual chip. 
Rather, improvement 
comes from the entire 
system operating as one 
machine.


[Page 18]
© 2026 Franklin Templeton. All rights reserved.
(800) 632-2301
franklintempleton.com
FEPT1-SCRVE-0926
WHAT ARE THE RISKS?
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. 
The allocation of assets among different strategies, asset classes and investments may not prove beneficial or produce desired results.
Equity securities are subject to price fluctuation and possible loss of principal. Investments in equity-linked notes often have risks similar to their 
underlying securities, which could include management risk, market risk and, as applicable, foreign securities and currency risks.
Investment strategies which incorporate the identification of thematic investment opportunities, and their performance, may be negatively 
impacted if the investment manager does not correctly identify such opportunities or if the theme develops in an unexpected manner. Focusing 
investments in the health care, information technology (IT) and/or technology-related industries carries much greater risks of adverse 
developments and price movements in such industries than a strategy that invests in a wider variety of industries.
Any companies and/or case studies referenced herein are used solely for illustrative purposes; any investment may or may not be currently held by 
any portfolio advised by Franklin Templeton. The information provided is not a recommendation or individual investment advice for any particular 
security, strategy, or investment product and is not an indication of the trading intent of any Franklin Templeton managed portfolio.
IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION
This material is provided for general informational purposes only and should not be considered individualized investment advice, a recommendation 
or a solicitation to adopt any investment strategy. It does not constitute legal or tax advice. Franklin Templeton accepts no liability for losses arising 
from use of this material. 
The views expressed are those of the investment manager as of the publication date and may change without notice. These opinions and analyses are 
based on certain assumptions, including market conditions that may change. They may differ from those of other portfolio managers or from the firm 
as a whole. 
This material is not intended to provide a complete analysis of all material facts regarding any country, region or market. No assurance can be given 
that any forecast, projection or prediction regarding economies or financial markets will be realized. References to specific securities are for illustrative 
purposes only and should not be interpreted as recommendations or a solicitation to buy, sell, or hold any security. 
Any research or analysis in this material has been prepared by Franklin Templeton for its own purposes and is provided incidentally. While the 
information included is believed to be reliable, its accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed, and it is subject to change without notice. 
Past performance does not guarantee future results, or any profit or gain. All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. 
Franklin Templeton offers environmental, social and governance (ESG) capabilities, though not all strategies or products incorporate ESG as part of 
the investment process. 
Investment strategies and services may not be available in all jurisdictions. Please consult your financial professional or Franklin Templeton contact for 
further information. 
Brazil: Issued by Franklin Templeton Brasil Ltda. Canada: Issued by Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. Franklin Templeton and Franklin Templeton 
Canada are business names used by Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. Offshore Americas: In the United States, this publication is made 
available by Franklin Templeton. United States: Issued by Franklin Templeton. Investments are not FDIC insured; may lose value; and are not 
bank guaranteed. 
Europe: Issued by Franklin Templeton International Services S.à r.l., 8A, rue Albert Borschette, L-1246 Luxembourg. Poland: Issued by Templeton Asset 
Management (Poland) TFI S.A.; Rondo ONZ 1; 00-124 Warsaw. Saudi Arabia: Issued by Franklin Templeton Financial Company, KAFD, Building 3.09, 
Office No. 8018, Level 8, Saudi Arabia. Regulated by CMA. License no. 23265-22. South Africa: Issued by Franklin Templeton Investments SA (PTY) 
Limited, which is authorised by the FSCA as a Financial Service Provider (No.44475). Switzerland: Issued by Franklin Templeton Switzerland Ltd, 
Talstrasse 41, CH-8001 Zurich. Middle East & Africa (ex South Africa): Issued by Franklin Templeton Investments (ME) Limited, which is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Address: Franklin Templeton, The Gate, East Wing, Level 2, Dubai International Financial Centre, P.O. Box 
506613, Dubai, U.A.E. Tel: +971(04) 428 4100. United Kingdom: Issued by Franklin Templeton Investment Management Limited (FTIML), registered 
office: Cannon Place, 78 Cannon Street, London EC4N 6HL. 
Australia: Issued by Franklin Templeton Australia Limited (ABN 76 004 835 849) (Australian Financial Services License Holder No. 240827), Level 47, 
120 Collins Street, Melbourne, Victoria 3000. Hong Kong: Issued by Franklin Templeton Investments (Asia) Limited. Japan: Issued by Franklin 
Templeton Japan Co., Ltd. South Korea: Issued by Franklin Templeton Investment Advisors Korea Co., Ltd. Malaysia: Issued by Franklin Templeton 
Asset Management (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. & Franklin Templeton GSC Asset Management Sdn. Bhd. Singapore: Issued by Templeton Asset 
Management Ltd. (UEN) 199205211E. 2 Central Boulevard, IOI Central Boulevard Towers, West Tower #34-01, Singapore 018916.
Access your local website at www.franklinresources.com/all-sites. 
CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
