[Page 1]
US oil export ban unlikely to lower energy prices, Interior secretary says 
U.S. Interior Secretary Doug Burgum said on Monday that a ban on U.S. oil or fuel exports would be unlikely to help 
lower energy prices for consumers amidst the Iran war.  
"We would consider an export ban if we thought that actually might lower prices, but that's not the case," Burgum told 
reporters at a G20 meeting on energy in Houston. 
Burgum, an appointee of President Donald Trump, said that bans on oil, gasoline or diesel exports could lead to 
retaliatory actions from other countries, which could hurt consumers in states like California, which depends partially on 
energy imports. 
"We stop exporting product, and then somebody says, 'We're not going to export to California,'" Burgum said.  
Burgum said that California already has shut several oil refineries, which over the long term has helped raise fuel prices 
there.  
"California already (has) the highest prices in the country for gas and diesel anyway, because of their policies, we 
wouldn't want ... to exacerbate that," Burgum said. 
Ahead of the midterm elections in November that will decide control of Congress, the Trump administration is running 
low on options to lower prices for diesel, which recently hit a record high above $6 a gallon and which is even higher in 
California, and for oil and gasoline. 
The White House is weighing how to use the Cold War-era Defense Production Act to expand U.S. refining capacity.  
 
China's August oil throughput rises as fuel exports rebound amid Iran war 
China's official data showed oil throughput rose for a second straight month in August, supported by strong fuel exports 
after Beijing eased export restrictions in mid-July, analysts said. 
Higher oil prices during the Iran war, coupled with fuel-export curbs aimed at safeguarding domestic supply, reduced 
China's oil consumption and pushed refinery runs to COVID-era levels in June. 
China processed 59.07 million metric tons of crude in August, or 13.91 million barrels per day (bpd), up 11.2% from July 
but down 6.9% from a year earlier, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics on Tuesday. 
"Crude processing is being supported by exports and will likely remain so in the coming months, as higher oil prices will 
only curb domestic demand," said Emma Li, an analyst at Vortexa. 
China's August domestic crude oil production rose 0.8% year-on-year to 18.43 million metric tons, or 4.34 million bpd, 
according to the data. 
Beijing does not publish information about its reserves, but Reuters calculations, which add official crude imports to 
domestic output and subtract refinery throughput, showed a drawdown of 639,000 bpd in August, the second-largest 
since the Iran war began, after a draw of 936,000 bpd in June. 
Analysts said China's crude inventories were sufficient to safeguard domestic supply against import disruptions. 
However, restrictions on refined oil product exports could be reimposed if the situation in the Middle East escalates 
further. 
On the supply side, China's seaborne crude arrivals are expected to continue recovering in September and October, 
reaching about 8 million bpd, assuming no further disruptions, according to Vortexa. 
Arrivals in November and December remain uncertain, but Vortexa said refiners hold ample onshore crude inventories 
to cushion against any disruption to seaborne supplies. 
"Using inventories to ensure domestic supply is not a problem, but relying on them to boost exports is not sustainable. 
State-owned refiners are therefore still trying to buy crude to support higher exports, as export margins remain strong," 
said Vortexa's Li. 
If state-run facilities raise stock draws to 1 million bpd, inventories accumulated since 2025 would likely last until around 
year-end, according to Vortexa. 
"Following attacks on the Saudi (East-West) pipeline and the risk of further escalation in the Strait, fuel-export 
restrictions could be reimposed at any time after October," said Ye Lin, vice president at Rystad Energy. 
"If the government prioritises energy security, it should halt exports. But if refining margins and the economy still matter, 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 


[Page 2]
exports should continue," said Ye. 
Official data also showed that over the first eight months, oil throughput stood at 456.12 million metric tons, or 13.7 
million bpd, down 6.6% from a year ago, while crude oil output was 146.39 million metric tons, up 0.9% from a year 
earlier. 
NOPA August US soybean crush estimated at 211.553 million bushels 
The U.S. soybean crush likely dropped to a three-month low in August as numerous processing plants took downtime 
for seasonal plant maintenance ahead of the fall harvest, according to analysts surveyed ahead of a National Oilseed 
Processors Association report due on Tuesday. 
NOPA members, who represent nearly all U.S. soybean processing capacity, were estimated to have crushed 211.553 
million bushels last month, according to the average of estimates from nine analysts surveyed by Reuters. 
The estimate, if realized, would be down 2.4% from the 216.647 million bushels processed in July but up 11.5% from the 
August 2025 crush of 189.810 million bushels. It would also be the largest August crush on record following a recent 
U.S. crush capacity expansion amid robust demand for soyoil to produce biofuel. 
The soybean crush likely declined in August as plant downtime for seasonal maintenance and repairs increased heading 
into the fall harvest, analysts said. However, facilities that were running likely maximized production to capitalize on 
strong crush margins, they said. 
Crush estimates for August ranged from 205.250 million to 216.500 million bushels, with a median of 213.660 million 
bushels. 
The report is scheduled for release at 11 a.m. CT (1600 GMT) on Tuesday. 
Soyoil stocks held by NOPA members as of August 31 were forecast to decline to 1.257 billion pounds, based on 
estimates from six analysts. 
The total, if realized, would be down 7.6% from stocks totaling 1.360 billion pounds at the end of July and the tightest 
supply since the end of September 2025. 
Oil stocks estimates ranged from 1.160 billion to 1.331 billion pounds, with a median of 1.270 billion pounds. 
 
Increased sugar supply risks may lead to super bull market, says former Wilmar head 
The El Nino weather anomaly and shrinking sugar stocks in India will provide the conditions for a super bull market, 
according to the former head of sugar operations at Singapore-based commodities trader and processor Wilmar 
International. 
"It could really be the super-hot commodity of 2027, as what is currently happening affecting sugar could trigger one of 
the most bullish markets seen for past 20 years," former Wilmar executive Jean-Luc Bohbot told Reuters.  
The last third of the sugar crop in top grower Brazil will likely be affected by too much rain, while India, the second-
largest producer, could be forced to import "substantial volumes," he said. 
This will likely lead to further price spikes even after the 20% rally in August, said Bohbot, who left Wilmar earlier this 
year after 15 years with the company. 
"The risks (of shortage) have not diminished during the rally; they have strengthened," he said. 
"India had an average/uneven monsoon, combined with very low stocks and in my view local S&D (supply and demand) 
deficit," Bohbot said. "Exports will disappear entirely, and India could instead become an even larger importer in 2027." 
The Indian government has allowed duty-free imports this year to improve local supplies and try to cool prices.  
He said hot, dry weather hurt production in Europe and Indonesia. Production in Thailand, the world's second-largest 
exporter, will fall because some farmers switched to growing cassava, Bohbot said.  
He said cane processing has been delayed by rain on about 25 million tons in Brazil. Forecasts for further rain in 
September suggest "the existing delay may therefore not be recovered and could increase," he said. 
Brazil sugar production could fall by 3 million to 5 million tons this year from last season if rains continue over October 
and November, he said. 
"Consumers largely missed the rally and remain underpriced, while producers are now much better hedged. After the 
October expiry, funds could therefore have a relatively open field for the next few months," Bohbot said. 
One minor bearish factor for the market is the Middle East situation, he said, due to an expected fall in sugar 
consumption in the region amid the military action. 
Top News - Agriculture 


[Page 3]
 
US aims to issue deep-sea mining permits within months, Interior Secretary Burgum says 
The Trump administration on Monday signaled it is nearing approval for permits to mine the deep sea, part of a broader 
push to boost U.S. access to the critical minerals used across much of the country's economy.  
Interior Secretary Doug Burgum said during a gathering of G20 energy ministers in Houston that permits could come 
within months as the administration pursues a strategy of "energy addition" to expand supply chains for the country and 
allies.  
Since returning to office last year, President Donald Trump has taken steps to bolster the nascent deep-sea mining 
industry, although he has yet to issue operational permits for it to proceed.  
The specter of seabed mining being allowed to commence has alarmed many environmentalists due to concern it could 
cause irreversible biodiversity loss.  
Parts of the Pacific Ocean and elsewhere are estimated to contain large amounts of potato-shaped rocks known as 
polymetallic nodules that contain the building blocks for electric vehicles, weapons and electronics. 
"Those nodules that we just have to go out and vacuum up off the (sea) floor are filled with these critical minerals that 
we need," Burgum said. "And of course, part of that is assuring that we've got diverse, secure, affordable supply of 
critical minerals." 
U.S. access to critical minerals — especially those processed by Chinese companies — has dwindled in the past 18 
months as Beijing has limited exports. That, in turn, has ratcheted up pressure on Washington to support efforts to boost 
domestic mining.  
When asked when the federal government could issue deep-sea permits, Burgum said: "Those discussions are going on 
right now," adding that, "You'll be hearing more in the weeks and months ahead because there's some exciting 
developments that are coming on that front." 
Burgum's Interior Department oversees the Marine Minerals Administration, which must approve any permits to mine 
U.S. territorial waters.  
The MMA review process would start with a lease sale to give private companies exclusive access to mine part of the 
seabed. That would be followed by a process to consider an operational permit, which would take into account a range 
of scientific data. 
Separately, Trump aims to have the Commerce Department issue international permits, a step that could set up a clash 
with the United Nations-backed International Seabed Authority, which has been trying to set standards for more than 25 
years.  
Companies that have formally asked for seabed mining permits include The Metals Company and privately held 
Impossible Metals. Several others have applied for exploration permits. 
 
China's daily steel output at eight-month low in August on falling margins 
China's daily crude steel output in August fell 3% from the month before to hit an eight-month low, as some steelmakers 
scaled down operatiions amid plunging margins. 
The world's largest maker of the metal used in construction and manufacturing produced 74.61 million metric tons of 
steel in August, down 3.7% from a year earlier, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said on Tuesday. 
That works out at a daily average of 2.41 million tons, the lowest level since December 2025, according to a Reuters' 
calculation based on the official data. 
Several steelmakers prolonged maintenance on equipment or trimmed output last month as steel margins deteriorated 
amid resilient feedstock prices and subdued steel consumption, analysts said. 
An average of around a third of steelmakers operated at a profit in August, versus 39% in July and 66% in the same 
month in 2025, data from consultancy Mysteel showed. 
In the first eight months of 2026, crude steel output totalled 651.85 million tons, an annual decline 3.1%. 
Top News - Metals 


[Page 4]
 
LNG demand in China and India expected to recover when Mideast war ends 
China and India's LNG imports are likely to rebound from multi-year lows once the Middle East supply crunch ends and 
prices ease, industry executives expect, reversing a pick-up in coal and oil use to generate power due to the U.S.-Iran 
war. 
The conflict has prevented Qatar and the United Arab Emirates from exporting most of their LNG via the Strait of 
Hormuz, where a fifth of global supplies used to pass, driving up prices and curbing demand in Asia. 
Shell, the world's biggest LNG trader, estimates the world has lost about 36 million tons of LNG from the Middle East so 
far this year, President for Integrated Gas Cederic Cremers said. 
Asia's spot prices have surged to nearly $30 per million British thermal units, from a pre-war range around $10 per 
MMBtu, as the region is competing with Europe for limited supplies ahead of winter.  
"The prices have hit through the roof ... and that is definitely impacting the demand insofar as India is concerned 
because there are a lot of sectors which are price sensitive," GAIL Chairman Deepak Gupta said at the Gastech 
conference in Bangkok. 
"There are many industries which switch over to different fuels in case gas is not viable for them," said Gupta, who 
heads India's top natural gas distributor by market share. 
Both GAIL and PetroChina, China's top LNG importer, have deployed their trading teams to scour for alternative 
cargoes to replace Qatari and Emirati supplies since the war broke out. 
 
DEMAND DESTRUCTION NOT PERMANENT 
Luo Yizhou, CEO of PetroChina International (PCI), the trading arm of the state energy major, said the company was 
working on the Sunday of February 28 in lieu of the Lunar New Year holiday when the U.S. and Israel launched attacks 
on Iran. 
"We had a meeting for something else, planning for this year, and then suddenly we saw the news, and then we 
switched the topic to how to secure supply," Luo said. 
"We were probably one day ahead of the market because most of the other companies start to work on Monday." 
GAIL's Gupta said India had to limit gas consumption initially but resumed supplies to almost 90% to 95% as it ramped 
up its trading capability to buy LNG from elsewhere. 
Both GAIL and PCI executives expect the Middle East conflict to have a temporary impact on demand in their countries, 
with consumption to rebound once prices fall and global supply recovers. 
"We are hoping that all this is very short term, and in the coming days, in mid-term and long-term, things will become 
normal," Gupta said, adding that there may be about 150 million to 200 million tons of LNG coming online in the next 
four to five years which could cool prices. 
"The sectors like the power sector in our country, like the various industries, they are going to go for more gas ... 
because it's a cleaner fuel," he said. 
In China, PCI's Luo expects demand from gas-fired power plants to rebound once LNG prices return to a "normal" range 
of $7 to $9 per MMBtu, citing strong growth in electricity consumption even as LNG imports have fallen. 
"I think it is due to the temporary suppression of the demand faced by high price," Luo said. 
"I don’t think it will kill the demand in China." 
Exxon expects substantial LNG demand growth in China over the long term, with extensive LNG import infrastructure 
built along the country's east coast, the company's vice president for global LNG marketing, Andrew Barry, told Reuters 
on the sidelines of the Gastech conference. 
There is a lot of latent demand that is price sensitive, he said. 
ExxonMobil remains confident in the diversification of its LNG portfolio, which includes assets and interests in the U.S., 
Mozambique, Qatar, Papua New Guinea and Australia. It continues to look at new opportunities with a focus on cost of 
supply. 
"We still have an extremely bullish demand forecast out through to 2050," Barry said. 
 
Top News - Carbon & Power 


[Page 5]
US EPA repeals carbon emission limits for power plants at G20 meeting 
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on Monday announced rules to repeal former President Joe Biden's limits on 
carbon emissions from coal- and gas-fired power plants and to prevent future climate-focused regulations of those 
facilities. 
The agency also proposed rescinding all remaining greenhouse gas emissions requirements for power plants to prevent 
future climate regulations targeting the power sector, saying the EPA does not have authority under the Clean Air Act to 
regulate the sector's GHG emissions. 
The moves are part of President Donald Trump's efforts to unwind U.S. climate policy that his administration says has 
hindered energy production. 
The announcement was made on the sidelines of a gathering of G20 energy ministers this week in Houston, where the 
global officials will discuss energy security, expanding baseload power and "regulatory efficiency." 
EPA Administrator Lee Zeldin said new moves to prevent future regulation of greenhouse gas emissions from the power 
sector will enable the U.S. to build new generating infrastructure needed to meet skyrocketing electricity demand. 
"Americans have been demanding more common sense at federal agencies under President Trump's leadership," he 
said at a press conference in Houston. "That means cutting red tape so we can build new power-generating 
infrastructure." 
The electricity sector is responsible for nearly a quarter of U.S. greenhouse gas pollution and is the second biggest 
emitting U.S. sector after transportation. 
U.S. power sector emissions rose by 4% last year, according to the Energy Information Administration. 
 
COST VS SAVINGS 
Last June, Trump's administration issued its proposal to repeal rules written under Biden to curb emissions of carbon 
dioxide, mercury and other air pollutants from power plants. 
Biden's carbon emission rules for power plants would have reduced greenhouse gas emissions by 1 billion metric tons 
by 2047, part of his administration's fight against climate change. 
The rule would have required coal-fired power plants and new natural gas-fired generators to install equipment in the 
coming decade to capture emissions before they reach the atmosphere. That requirement made zero-emissions 
alternatives like solar and wind more attractive. 
Zeldin said the proposal will save the industry $370 million in direct compliance costs. 
But environmental and public health advocates said removing the regulations will lead to billions in public health and 
environmental damages. 
"Denying the existence of a quarter of the country’s climate pollution is utterly reckless. It will lead to more lost lives and 
suffering from intense heatwaves, drastic storms and destructive wildfires, just like those we’ve seen this summer," said 
Maggie Coulter, an attorney at the Center for Biological Diversity’s Climate Law Institute, on Monday. 
Biden's EPA estimated that its rule would deliver $370 billion in net benefits. 
"EPA has treated this harm as essentially zero in recent analyses, including ignoring its prior estimates based on 
uncertainty," said Dena Adler, senior attorney at the Institute for Policy Integrity.  
"This is like an insurance agent saying that your home burning down is costless because you don't know the exact dollar 
value of the damages."  
Under Secretary of Energy Kyle Haustveit told reporters that the new rules would lift up coal-fired electricity, which had 
been declining steadily in the U.S. due to the availability of cheaper natural gas and renewable energy. 
"President Trump ended the war on beautiful, clean coal," he said. "Coal is reliable, affordable, secure." 
The Edison Electric Institute, which represents the country's largest investor-owned utilities, said it welcomed the repeal 
of the carbon capture and storage-based standards but said it planned to work with the agency to ensure there is 
regulatory certainty for the sector. 
While the EPA proposed halting future federal carbon rules for power plants, utilities still face emissions reduction rules 
in different states. 


[Page 6]
 
Hormuz traffic dwindles after Middle East attacks intensify 
Shipping traffic at the Strait of Hormuz dwindled further at the start of this week after attacks intensified in the Middle 
East, shipping data showed.  
Commodity vessel transits at Hormuz totalled four on Monday, down from 10 during the previous day, preliminary data 
from Kpler showed on Tuesday.  
Two dry bulk carriers exited the waterway, including one laden and one ballast vessel, while two oil tankers entered the 
strait, both in ballast mode. The figures exclude some vessels that might have crossed the strait with their Automatic 
Identification System transponders turned off to avoid detection. 
Iranian news agency Fars reported on Monday, citing Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, that an oil tanker 
exploded and caught fire after colliding with mines in the Strait of Hormuz, without saying when the incident occurred.  
Also on Monday, Gulf Arab states postponed planned talks with Iran to discuss possible agreements on the Strait of 
Hormuz, in a setback for diplomatic efforts to end the conflict and its impact on global oil supplies.  
Yemen's Houthis on Monday said they fired dozens of missiles and drones at a military airbase in Khamis Mushait in 
southern Saudi Arabia, targeting aircraft hangars, radar systems, runways and ammunition depots in retaliation for 
Saudi airstrikes in Yemen. In the Bab el-Mandeb strait, 21 commodity vessels transited on Monday, Kpler data showed, 
down from 28 during the previous day.  
 
APK-Inform raises Ukraine 2026 grain crop forecast, cuts estimate for exports 
Agriculture consultancy APK-Inform has increased its 2026 Ukrainian grain harvest forecast, but cut its estimate for 
grain exports from the country this year due to a blockade of key Black Sea ports. 
Russian attacks on Ukrainian Black Sea ports have effectively halted maritime exports since late July, which forced 
freight traffic to be rerouted via ports on the Danube and led to a 60% reduction in export volumes. 
APK-Inform said in a report it had increased the 2026/27 grain crop forecast by about 8% to 65.2 million metric tons from 
the previous outlook of 60.5 million tons, owing to higher estimates for wheat and corn. 
It also said it had cut Ukraine's 2026/27 grain export outlook by 14% to 33.9 million tons from its most recent forecast of 
39.4 million tons. In a June forecast it had been expecting exports to reach 43.1 million tons.  
Wheat exports could total 10.5 million tons this season versus the previous estimate of 13.5 million tons, while corn 
shipments are likely to decrease to 22 million tons from 24 million, it said. 
 
FALLING EXPORTS PUSH UP STOCKS 
The sharp drop in export volumes will lead to a surge in carryover stocks, which are expected to reach a record 24 
million tons, compared with the previously forecast 14 million tons and 11.6 million tons a season earlier. 
APK-Inform increased the 2026 wheat harvest estimate to 25 million tons from 22.6 million tons, while the corn crop 
outlook was increased to 32.3 million tons from 29.8 million tons, it said in a report. 
The consultancy said it reviewed the forecast "due to revisions to crop-yield estimates based on preliminary field data". 
The agriculture ministry keeps its grain crop forecast unchanged at about 60 million tons. 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Kishan Nair in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
Top News - Dry Freight  
