[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Nordic Alert
15 September 2026
Interest rates continue to rise
Global key stories
Government borrowing rates continue to rise, both on short and long maturities. As usual, the US is leading
the way and we believe that short-term expectations of the Fed are the main driver for the longer
maturities as well. Yesterday, the US 10-year yield even passed 5%, a level that is often highlighted as
psychologically important for the market. Government borrowing rates in Europe are following suit, and
the interest rate differential between safe Germany and more vulnerable issuers such as France and Italy
continued to rise. The rise in interest rates is directly linked to the deteriorating situation in energy prices, a
trend that only looks set to continue (more below). The stock market turned lower yesterday, first in
Europe and then also in the US. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq fell 0.5% and 0.6%, respectively. Rising rates
play its role, but the discussion in recent days about slowing down AI development also dragged down
technology companies. The stock market in Asia is mostly down slightly, although Japan's Nikkei seems to
be moving in the opposite direction. Stock market futures indicate a small rise in Europe, but continued
declines in the US.
It's not a super heavy day from a statistical perspective, but there is clearly still a little for most people
who are interested in the UK, the euro area and the US. Today and tomorrow, an investor conference will
be held in Toronto, a step to try to break Canada's economic dependence on the US. Mark Carney also
yesterday aired thoughts about finding a "unique alliance" with the EU ahead of next week's visit to
Brussels.
Really the wrong direction for energy. Oil prices are rising after the Houthis' attack on Saudi Arabia's
east-west pipeline, which has so far been the key to partially maintaining oil supply from the region. Brent
oil is now trading around USD 107/barrel and European gas prices are above EUR 80/MWh (just over 60 a
month ago). Although it is currently being replenished a little faster than normal, the low gas inventories in
Europe are an important part of the risk picture ahead of the winter. The rising price of gas has contributed
to pushing up electricity prices in Europe and also here in the Nordic region, but yesterday's price peak can
unfortunately be viewed as a foretaste. The unusually low levels in the water reservoirs in Norway
reinforce the picture that a prolonged period of windless cold can be costly in a couple of months. The only
slightly positive part that is currently visible is that a super-El Niño sometimes means a warmer winter in
Europe, something that could be dampening. But even that can have a negative effect, especially for us in
the Nordic countries, as the weather phenomenon sometimes causes high pressure with severe cold to get
stuck in the region during the second half of winter.
Nordic key stories
Continued focus on the election. In Sweden, the parties are waiting for tomorrow's final count, which in
any case can helpfully set the starting point for the more in-depth talks, even if there is already a "buzz"
about possible openings. As expected, the election results offered marginal market reactions. Our
thoughts about the election outcome you find here. According to the latest figures, there is still 176-173 in
the distribution of seats between the opposition and the Tidö parties. According to election forecasters,
the "last" seat weighs between the Left Party and the Moderates.


[Page 2]
Nordic Alert
15 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
Today's key events
For graphs and analysis of the week's most important data, click here
 
Market data
Marcus Widén
Economist, Sweden & Euro area
marcus.widen@seb.se
+46706391057
