[Page 1]
15 September 2026, 04:37 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Frontier “pacing” calls may not spell an end to 
AI capex cycle
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Delwin Kurnia Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Jon Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
From the studio
Podcast: Europe’s political pendulum swings wider, on Apple & Spotify
(26 mins)
Video: UBS Explains | What is happening in the US bond market?(5 
mins)
Video: Market Playbook | What do rate hikes mean for portfolios?(5 
mins)
Thought of the day
AI-linked chip stocks came under pressure on Monday, after several 
leading US frontier artificial intelligence labs publicly backed efforts to pace 
development of the most advanced models. Leading North Asia memory 
names saw mid-single digit declines, and the US Philadelphia semi index fell 
5.9%, though pressure has eased into the Tuesday session.
Leaders from frontier labs over the weekend made the public case for 
stronger safeguards and coordination. This follows closed-door talks between 
these labs to form an “industry-led AI safety standards body,” according 
to The Information. The safety debate has intensified in recent weeks as 
departing “alignment’ researchers at leading labs have warned that advanced 
AI development could threaten human survival.
A bipartisan US Senate effort to establish national AI rules is also progressing, 
according to Reuters, and California enacted standards for independent AI 
auditors last week. US President Donald Trump on Monday characterized the 
AI misused fears as a "hoax" and suggested sufficient US regulations were 
already in place.
The high-profile, coordinated calls to pace AI development are certainly 
notable. But we would caution against equating stronger safeguards with an 
end to the AI capex cycle:
Pacing does not necessarily imply lower capex. First, AI compute 
demand stems from both training models and running them, a process 
known as inference, with the latter estimated to account for roughly two-
thirds of demand. Importantly, inference demand is driven primarily by real-
world adoption and monetization, in our view, with the practical challenges 
  
What to watch: 15 September
• UK unemployment rate in July
• Germany's ZEW Economic Sentiment 
Index for September
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch, UBS AG 
London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Daily EMEA
of integrating AI into existing enterprise operations a greater constraint than 
current model capabilities. Training demand, by contrast, is more directly 
tied to the costs and expected returns of developing more capable models. 
The safety proposal also explicitly distinguishes pacing from halting model 
training, and xAI’s Elon Musk confirmed on Sunday that further training 
was underway for its leading edge Grok 4.8 model. OpenAI also recently 
reiterated its expectations for continued growth in memory demand. We 
retain our 2027 AI industry capex forecast of USD 1.2tr, a rise of 33% from 
our estimate of USD 900bn this year.
Regulation could reshape competition, not just development. This 
may represent the industry acknowledging a more challenging political 
backdrop into the US mid-term elections, with voter concerns spanning 
employment, and data-center electricity and water consumption. The push 
to address safety concerns also appears to reflect growing internal pressure 
from employees within frontier AI labs, rather than political positioning alone. 
The labs’ efforts to establish common standards may reflect a desire to shape 
future AI regulation, such as limits on the liability of platforms for what 
their users do with AI. More stringent evaluation requirements could also 
favor larger, better-funded incumbents, while raising the barriers to entry for 
startups, and closing the door to overseas competitors who are unable to 
accept external oversight.
Pacing calls arrive at a less frothy moment for AI stocks. The SOXX 
now trades at around 21 times forward earnings, versus 33 times in June 
and its post-ChatGPT average of 24 times. The "Magnificent Six" group 
trades at roughly 23 times forward earnings, or about 25% below its October 
2025 valuation. Earnings continue to grow fast, with the latest consensus 
estimates implying semiconductor earnings per share growth of 103% this 
year and 46% next year. Meanwhile, OpenRouter’s token volumes have risen 
approximately 176% since the end of June, pointing to growing AI usage on 
the platform.
So, we think the key question for investors is not whether frontier 
development slows, but whether AI demand and monetization will continue 
to expand. We believe the answer is still yes. We continue to favor a 
diversified approach across the AI value chain, combining infrastructure 
beneficiaries (including semiconductors, networking, power, and cloud) with 
larger platforms and software companies positioned to monetize adoption. 
Investors with concentrated holdings within AI may consider rebalancing 
toward this broader mix. Stronger AI safeguards may reshape competition, 
but the proposals so far do not establish that the AI capex cycle is ending. 
Stepping back, we remain constructive on equities overall, despite a more 
restrictive policy outlook, supported by earnings growth, AI investment, and 
a resilient economy.
Caught our attention
Bond pressure. On Monday, the US 10-year Treasury yield surpassed 5% for 
the first time since 2023, as inflation worries and a “higher-for-longer” rates 
outlook continue to weigh on the global bond market. Benchmark Eurozone 
government bonds slid at the start of the week, while the 10-year US Treasury 
yield rose almost 5 basis points to as high as 5.01%. The US benchmark stood 
at 4.99% in early trading in Asia on Tuesday.
Our view: Yield volatility is likely to continue in the near term, as investors look 
to the Federal Reserve’s interest rate decision and outlook on Wednesday. 
But we still see reasons to hold quality bonds in portfolios, with the high level 
of outright starting yields providing healthy income as well as a degree of 
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Daily EMEA
resilience amid volatility. As markets have been pricing for rate hikes since 
mid-May, yields are less likely to be repriced significantly higher when the Fed 
delivers the increases. We see value in a diversified fixed income approach, 
and investors willing and able to consider instruments that combine bonds 
and options may also explore structured strategies for alternative sources of 
yield.
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Daily EMEA
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
