[Page 1]
Income restored –  
but stay flexible
The global surge in bond yields has restored income as a 
core source of portfolio returns. Compelling opportunities 
exist, but the evolving nature of bond market risk calls for a 
flexible approach.
Investment perspectives
August 2026
 


[Page 2]
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
2
Summary
•
Key takeaway: Higher global government bond yields have created richer income opportunities across fixed income 
markets, with the average yield in our strategic portfolio now 5.6% versus 2.3% five years ago. Yet investors need to 
be selective about the risks they take to earn that income.
•
Developed market government bonds have reset structurally higher from the lows reached during the Covid-19 
pandemic, reflecting the new macro regime we have described for several years. The AI buildout, the fastest capital 
spending cycle in history, is unfolding in a world shaped by supply scarcity, where constraints on energy, labor and 
geopolitics are driving a shift from efficiency to resilience. These pressures on real resources are keeping inflation 
more persistent and intensifying competition for finite pools of capital. 
•
Long-term government bonds have been especially exposed to this reset as policy rates and term premium have 
risen together and, as of late August according to LSEG data, pushed U.S. 30-year yields to a 19-year high above 5% 
and German 10-year yields to a 15-year high near 3.25%, while Japanese 10-year yields approach 3% for the first 
time since the mid-1990s. At the same time, investment grade and high yield credit spreads remain relatively tight. 
•
This yield surge highlights greater duration risk in long-term bonds due to the increased sensitivity of their returns to 
any shift in interest rates. Bloomberg data show long-term developed market government bonds have lost around 
30%-40% of their value since the start of 2021, depending on maturity – and those losses have yet to be recouped. 
•
When bond yields were low or even negative, returns were shaped by interest rate shifts rather than income. Higher 
yields have created a broader and more durable income opportunity: our analysis of LSEG data shows over 80% of 
the global bond universe now yields above 4%. Yet the traditional ballast role that long-term government bonds have 
played, helping cushion risk asset selloffs, has also weakened. This environment makes selectivity even more 
important – the yield to maturity in bonds does not always provide the same compensation for risk.
•
In our strategic asset allocation, the average yield of the overall portfolio is now 5.6% – more than double what it was 
five years ago. This is based on our capital market assumptions (for professional investors only). The share of bonds 
yielding above 4% in that portfolio has jumped to 91%, versus just 2% at the 2021 yield lows. We have also been 
dynamic with our duration positioning over this period.
•
On a strategic horizon of five years or longer, we favor short- to medium-term government bonds while staying 
underweight broad credit indexes and long-term government bonds. We prefer private market income, including 
infrastructure, over private market growth assets, focusing on underlying cash flows and risks rather than the asset 
label. On a tactical horizon of six to 12 months, we favor earning income in shorter-term government bonds and 
emerging market local currency debt.
•
The income opportunity extends beyond fixed income, in our view, including non-traditional sources such as 
derivative income strategies in equities. 
Natalie Gill
Senior Portfolio 
Strategist – BlackRock 
Investment Institute
Vivek Paul
Global Head of Portfolio 
Research – BlackRock 
Investment Institute
Laszlo Tisler
Portfolio Strategist – 
BlackRock Investment 
Institute
Authors
James Turner
Head of Global Fixed 
Income for EMEA – 
BlackRock 
Jack Hattem
Head of Systematic 
Derivatives – BlackRock 
 


[Page 3]
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Global yield surge
The global government bond reset that began after the pandemic has extended in 2026, as the new economic regime 
shaped by supply keeps playing out. We see this regime as one of intensifying competition for real resources and capital, 
with AI at its center but not the whole story. The demand for capital began with the fiscal response to the Covid-19 
pandemic that created a fragile equilibrium in the interplay of surging government debt, interest rates and inflation. The 
AI-driven capital spending buildout, the fastest in history, and resource demands for resilience from geopolitical 
fragmentation (see our 2026 Midyear Global Outlook) only intensify the competition for capital. These pressures keep 
inflation persistently higher as borrowers increasingly vie for the same pool of savings. This is the flipside of the global 
savings glut that helped lower interest rates. The result is a higher rate environment: higher policy rates, a higher cost of 
capital and a higher term premium as investors demand more compensation for holding long-term bonds.
These forces have accelerated this year. The AI investment boom – already historic in scale – has been revised roughly 
30% higher over the past six months, leading to ballooning corporate debt issuance: Financing tied to AI infrastructure 
now accounts for about 14% of investment-grade debt issuance, adding to competition for capital. The prolonged 
Middle East conflict has reinforced the same scarcity story through higher energy prices and supply chain disruptions. 
In the U.S., we see scarcity as the primary driver of the rate reset. Uncertainty about the Federal Reserve's reaction 
function under new Chair Kevin Warsh has added further upward pressure on term premium, in our view.
Since the start of 2021, per LSEG data as of late August, U.S. 10- and 30-year Treasury yields have risen over 350 basis 
points to around 4.7% and 5.3%, respectively, with 30-year yields hitting a 19-year high; German 10-year yields reached 
a 15-year high near 3.25% and Japanese 10-year yields have neared 3% for the first time since the mid-1990s. See the 
chart on the left. Depending on the maturity, Bloomberg data show long-term government bonds have lost around 
30%-40% of their value since 2021. It underscores how rising interest rates can dent the value of long-term bonds.
Yet this reset has created a larger and more durable income opportunity via higher coupons and yields to maturity. Over 
80% of the global bond universe now yields above 4%. See the chart on the right. That means investors can now secure 
chunky income without necessarily reaching far out the yield curve or credit risk spectrum. But the opportunities from 
higher yields take different shapes and do not always offer the same compensation for risk. That makes selectivity in 
securing income even more important. This riskier bond backdrop and the creation of winners and losers by AI among 
corporates create scope for skilled active investors to leverage heightened dispersion across the fixed income universe.
We are more positive on shorter-term bonds where higher yields offer attractive income with less duration risk. By 
contrast, higher yields have not been enough to change our cautious view on long-term bonds. Their ballast properties 
are weakening: Today, supply-driven inflation shocks dominate rather than demand shocks. During the 1990–2019 
period, inflation was generally low and stable. When growth weakened or equities sold off, investors expected central 
banks to cut short-term rates. That meant bond yields fell and prices rose, helping cushion equity losses. That created 
the negative stock-bond correlation investors came to rely on for portfolio diversification. Today, that relationship is less 
reliable: sticky inflation leaves less room for policymakers to react to growth shocks, and structural drivers keep long-
term yields higher. The correlation between daily U.S. equity and 10-year Treasury returns over the past five years was 
positive (7%) compared with a negative correlation (-43%) in the decade before the pandemic, according to LSEG data.
3
The figure shown relates to past performance. Past performance is not a reliable 
indicator of current or future results. Source: BlackRock Investment Institute, with data 
from LSEG Datastream, August 2026. Note: The chart shows benchmark 10-year 
government bond yields.
The big reset higher
10-year government bond yields, 1990-2026
Income back on the table
Share of fixed income assets yielding over 4%, 2000-26
The figure shown relates to past performance. Past performance is not a reliable indicator 
of current or future results. Index performance returns do not reflect any management 
fees, transaction costs or expenses. Indexes are unmanaged and one cannot invest 
directly in an index. Sources: BlackRock Investment Institute, with data from LSEG 
Datastreamas of July 31, 2026.Notes: The bars show market capitalization weights of 
assets with an average annual yield over 4% in a select universe that represents about 
70% of the Bloomberg Multiverse Bond Index. Core government comprises U.S. 
Treasuries and euro core government bonds; U.S. government-related comprises 
agencies and municipals; U.S. MBS & CMBS comprises both securitized sectors; Global 
HY & EM also includes euro periphery government bonds.
~84%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
2000 2004 2008 2012 2016 2020 2024
Core government
U.S. govt. related
U.S. MBS & CMBS
Global IG credit
Global HY & EM
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
1990
2000
2010
2020
UK
U.S.
Germany
Japan
 


[Page 4]
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Looking beyond labels
In a world where mega forces drive returns, thematic exposures don't fit neatly in traditional asset-class buckets. 
Investors need to start with the underlying economic exposures, risks and themes they want to own – core to a total 
portfolio approach. We think finding the best income opportunities means going granular and looking across markets, 
reflecting flexibility within and beyond public markets. Higher yields have increased the income on offer. But the source 
of that income matters: which maturities investors own, which borrowers to lend to and when to accept illiquidity risk. 
What does this granular approach look like in practice? We favor short- and medium-term Treasuries, which offer a 
much higher yield relative to duration than long-term Treasuries, as the left chart shows. This means investors can earn 
solid income without reaching too far out the curve and taking on too much duration risk. We also think there could be 
upside risk to yields on longer-dated bonds as questions about fiscal sustainability prompt investors to demand more 
term premium. Strategically, we favor short- to medium-term government bonds while staying underweight broad credit 
indexes and long-term government bonds. We prefer private market income, including infrastructure, over private 
market growth assets. On a tactical horizon of six to 12 months, we see opportunities in short- and medium-term 
government bonds, emerging market local-currency debt and European credit within global high yield.
For our strategic asset allocation over a five-year horizon, the income opportunity has sharply improved. For a U.S. 
dollar-denominated investor, today’s strategic portfolio offers an overall average yield of 5.6% compared with just 2.3% 
in 2021. Our strategic portfolio has also been dynamic with its duration and inflation-linked exposure: we leaned long 
duration before the pandemic, when yields were higher, then went sharply negative as yields plunged. We also leaned 
into inflation-linked bonds during the pandemic, seeing the risk of higher inflation that has played out. And the share of 
bonds with yields above 4% in our portfolio has jumped to 91% compared with just 2% at the 2021 yield lows. 
Investors are increasingly generating income through non-traditional approaches, including derivative strategies. We 
think tailored option strategies with certain guardrails can provide attractive income alongside equity exposures, 
without requiring large, persistent tilts toward typically high-income sectors, such as consumer staples and utilities, or 
toward styles such as value. The growing universe of options and the more volatile macro environment since the 
pandemic heighten the attraction of such derivative-based strategies compared with the 2010s. The potential for more 
frequent macro shocks has increased demand for portfolio protection, helping boost implied volatility in some option 
prices. The widely followed VIX index of one-month S&P 500 implied volatility has held at similar levels in the pre- and 
post-Covid periods, even with occasional big spikes. Yet not all implied volatilities are the same: some longer-dated 
options have settled at higher implied volatility levels than pre-pandemic, consistent with a regime shaped by constant 
macro disruption. Higher implied volatility can help generate greater gross option-selling income. So the current regime 
may offer investors greater income opportunities from selectively selling options than were typically available in the past 
– but such strategies are not suitable for all investors.
4
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Index performance 
returns do not reflect any management fees, transaction costs or expenses. Indexes are 
unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in an index. Source: BlackRock Investment 
Institute, with data from LSEG Datastream, August 2026. Notes: Yield-to-duration is 
calculated as index yield-to-worst divided by modified duration. Yield-to-worst is a 
measure of a bond's expected yield, while modified duration measures its sensitivity to 
interest-rate changes. The ratio measures how much yield investors receive for each unit 
of interest-rate risk. A higher ratio indicates more yield per unit of interest-rate 
sensitivity. The measure does not account for other risks, including credit, liquidity or 
default risk.
More yield, less duration
Yield-to-worst per unit of duration for U.S. bond indexes
Portfolio 
characteristic
2026
2021
2019
Average
yield
5.6%
2.3%
3.6%
Relative 
duration 
(nominal bonds)
-0.5 
year
-1.0 
year
0.3 
year
Relative 
duration 
(inflation-linked 
bonds)
0.2 
year
0.8 
year
0 
year
Share of bonds 
yielding above 
4%
91%
2%
17%
Short and sweet
Our strategic portfolio income drivers
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. For illustrative 
purposes only. Source: BlackRock Investment Institute, August 2026. Notes: 
Average yield reflects the fixed income assets in the portfolio and does not represent 
the average yield of the overall portfolio. Duration figures are portfolio-weighted 
averages. Income assets are shown as a share of the overall portfolio. Figures may 
not sum due to rounding. Our relative fixed-income allocation views are based on 
our five-year strategic portfolio in our capital market assumptions (for professional 
investors only). See the tabs for the assumptions to see details on the underlying 
indexes represented. 
0
0.5
1
1.5
2
2.5
2010
2014
2018
2022
2026
Yield-to-worst / duration
U.S. Treasuries: 1-5 years
Investment grade credit
All U.S. Treasuries
Long-term U.S. Treasuries
 


[Page 5]
Index Disclosures: Index returns are for illustrative purposes only and do not represent any actual fund performance. Index performance returns do not reflect any management fees, 
transaction costs or expenses. Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in an index
General disclosure: This document is marketing material, is intended for information and educational purposes only, and does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation or 
an offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any securities or any investment strategies. The opinions expressed are as of August 2026 and are subject to change without notice. 
Reliance upon information in this material is at the sole discretion of the reader. Investing involves risks. This information is not intended to be complete or exhaustive and no 
representations or warranties, either express or implied, are made regarding the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. This material may contain estimates 
and forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts and do not represent a guarantee of future performance.
In the U.S., this material is intended for Institutional use only, not for public distribution. In Canada, this material is intended for institutional investors only. In EMEA, in the UK and 
Non-European Economic Area (EEA) countries: this is Issued by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
Registered office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL. Tel: + 44 (0)20 7743 3000. Registered in England and Wales No. 02020394. For your protection telephone calls 
are usually recorded. Please refer to the Financial Conduct Authority website for a list of authorised activities conducted by BlackRock. In the European Economic Area (EEA): this is 
Issued by BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. is authorised and regulated by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. Registered office Amstelplein 1, 1096 HA, Amsterdam, Tel: 
31-20-549- 5200. Trade Register No. 17068311 For your protection telephone calls are usually recorded. In Italy, for information on investor rights and how to raise complaints 
please go to https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/compliance/investor-right available in Italian. BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited - Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) Branch is a 
Branch of a Foreign Company registered with the Abu Dhabi Global Market Registration Authority (Registered number 21523), with its office at Floor 25, Al Sila Tower, Abu Dhabi 
Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, UAE, and is regulated by the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) to engage in the regulated activities of 
‘Arranging Deals in Investments’; ‘Advising on Investments or Credit’ ‘Managing Assets’; and ‘Managing in a Collective Investment Fund’ (FRSA Reference 240099). Blackrock 
Advisors (UK) Limited - Dubai Branch is a Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) Foreign Recognised Company registered with the DIFC Registrar of Companies (DIFC Registered 
Number 546), with its office at Unit L15 - 01A, ICD Brookfield Place, DIFC, PO Box 506661, Dubai, UAE, and is regulated by the DFSA to engage in the regulated activities of 
‘Advising on Financial Products’ and ‘Arranging Deals in Investments’ in or from the DIFC, both of which are limited to units in a collective investment fund (DFSA Reference Number 
F000738). 
In Albania, Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Botswana, Bulgaria, Egypt, Georgia, Ghana, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kosovo, Lebanon, Mauritius, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, 
North Macedonia, Pakistan, Rwanda, Serbia, Tanzania, Turkey, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Zambia, Zimbabwe, this document is intended strictly for Central Banks and Sovereign Investors 
only. In Israel: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is not licensed under Israel’s Regulation of Investment Advice, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 
5755-1995 (the “Advice Law”), nor does it carry insurance thereunder. In South Africa, please be advised that BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is an authorized 
financial services provider with the South African Financial Services Board, FSP No. 43288. In Switzerland, this material shall be exclusively made available to, and directed at, 
qualified investors as defined in Article 10 (3) of the CISA of 23 June 2006, as amended, at the exclusion of qualified investors with an opting-out pursuant to Art. 5 (1) of the Swiss 
Federal Act on Financial Services ("FinSA"). For information on art. 8 / 9 Financial Services Act (FinSA) and on your client segmentation under art. 4 FinSA, please see the following 
website: www.blackrock.com/finsa. In the ADGM, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Clients. In the DIFC, this material is intended strictly 
for Professional Clients as defined under the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) Conduct of Business (COB) Rules. In the Kingdom of Bahrain and the Sultanate of Oman, the 
information contained in this document is intended strictly for sophisticated institutions. In the State of Kuwait, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for 
sophisticated institutions that are ‘Professional Clients’ as defined under the Kuwait Capital Markets Law and its Executive Bylaws. In Qatar, the information contained in this 
document is intended strictly for sophisticated investors and high net worth investors. In the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, this material is for distribution to Institutional and Qualified 
Clients (as defined by the Implementing Regulations issued by Capital Market Authority) only and should not be relied upon by any other persons. In United Arab Emirates (UAE) 
(excluding the DIFC and the ADGM): the information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Investors. In Australia and New Zealand, issued by BlackRock 
Investment Management (Australia) Limited ABN 13 006 165 975 AFSL 230 523 (BIMA). The material provides general information only and does not take into account your 
individual objectives, financial situation, needs or circumstances. Refer to BIMAL’s Financial Services Guide on its website for more information. In New Zealand, this material is for the 
exclusive use of the recipient, who warrants by receipt of this material that they are a wholesale client as defined under the New Zealand Financial Advisers Act 2008 respectively. 
BIMAL is not licensed by a New Zealand regulator to provide ‘Financial Advice Service’ ‘Investment manager under an FMC offer’ or ‘Keeping, investing, administering, or managing 
money, securities, or investment portfolios on behalf of other persons’. BIMAL’s registration on the New Zealand register of financial service providers does not mean that BIMAL is 
subject to active regulation or oversight by a New Zealand regulator. In China, this material may not be distributed to individuals resident in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”, for 
such purposes, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) or entities registered in the PRC unless such parties have received all the required PRC government approvals to participate 
in any investment or receive any investment advisory or investment management services. In Hong Kong, this material is issued by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited 
and has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. This material is for distribution to "Professional Investors" (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap.571 of the laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made under that ordinance) and should not be relied upon by any other persons or redistributed to retail clients 
in Hong Kong. In Japan, this is issued by BlackRock Japan. Co., Ltd. (Financial Instruments Business Operator: The Kanto Regional Financial Bureau. License No375, Association 
Memberships: Japan Investment Advisers Association, The Investment Trusts Association, Japan, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms 
Association) for Institutional Investors only. All strategies or products BLK Japan offer through the discretionary investment contracts or through investment trust funds do not 
guarantee the principal amount invested. The risks and costs of each strategy or product we offer cannot be indicated here because the financial instruments in which they are 
invested vary each strategy or product. In Singapore, this is issued by BlackRock (Singapore) Limited (Co. registration no. 200010143N) for use only with accredited/institutional 
investors as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore. This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. In South Korea, this information is issued by BlackRock Investment (Korea) Limited, for distribution to Qualified Professional Investors (as defined in the Financial 
Investment Services and Capital Market Act and its sub-regulations). In Taiwan, independently operated by BlackRock Investment Management (Taiwan) Limited. Address: 28F., No. 
100, Songren Rd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei City 110, Taiwan. Tel: (02)23261600. For Other APAC Countries, this material is issued for Institutional Investors only (or 
professional/sophisticated /qualified investors, as such term may apply in local jurisdictions). In Latin America, for institutional investors and financial intermediaries only (not for 
public distribution). This material is for educational purposes only it is your responsibility to inform yourself of, and to observe, all applicable laws and regulations of your relevant 
jurisdiction. In Mexico, these materials are being shared in the understanding that the addressee is an Institutional or Qualified investor as defined under Mexican Securities (Ley del 
Mercado de Valores). 
©2026 BlackRock, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a trademark of BlackRock, Inc., or its affiliates. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.
BlackRock Investment Institute
The BlackRock Investment Institute (BII) leverages the firm’s expertise to provide insights on the global economy, 
markets, geopolitics and long-term asset allocation – all to help our clients and portfolio managers navigate financial 
markets. BII offers strategic and tactical market views, publications and digital tools that are underpinned by 
proprietary research. 
 
