[Page 1]
Multi-Asset Strategy Daily 
 
Mizuho International Plc 
1 
 
 
This is Non-Independent Research, as defined by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
This material should be regarded as a marketing communication. 
The Fed’s turn to validate the repricing. Our expectation remains for a 25bp hike. More importantly, we expect 
Chair Warsh and the updated dots to validate the idea that this is the beginning of a tightening cycle rather than a 
one-off insurance move. Once the Fed decides policy is no longer sufficiently restrictive, the incentive is to move 
early rather than risk falling behind inflation. If we do get that “hawkish hike”, front-end and belly yields remain 
vulnerable to further repricing, while a credible hiking cycle should ultimately be supportive for the dollar and help 
anchor the long end. The DXY index rose on Tuesday but has pared part of those gains overnight and is trading 
around 99.6 this morning. A hawkish Fed remains the clearest path towards a return to 100. USTs were slightly 
better bid overnight in quiet Asian trading, with yields a couple of basis points lower across the curve and oil 
slipping from recent highs. That looks more like positioning ahead of the FOMC than a genuine shift in the narrative. 
The market has already moved a long way, with 10Y yields testing 5% and around 100bp of cumulative hikes 
priced, but we still think today's Fed decision will decide if we reprice further (bear-flattening) or twist-steepen from 
here. While oil has eased a touch overnight (Brent still above $108pb), developments in the area continue 
to point towards elevated risk. The two-chokepoint problem, combined with recent comments from US Vice 
President Vance suggesting the conflict with Iran could enter a new phase over coming months, and reports of 
further US military support for Israel, imply that the direction of travel for energy remains higher, not lower. 
Today's calendar contains the ECB wage tracker, industrial production and several ECB speakers, but it 
is difficult to see any of them moving markets materially ahead of the Fed and energy. The front-end rates 
beta to oil is likely to remain elevated, but we still think that the bar to see back-to-back hikes from the ECB is high, 
as evidenced by yesterday’s sources report that stated that December is the most likely time for another hike (if
needed). Supply also remains in focus, with long-term Bund auctions due today. Recent syndications have 
been absorbed comfortably, but the broader backdrop remains one of investors demanding a higher premium to 
own duration. To us, the long end remains the most vulnerable part of the curve. Front-end ECB pricing already 
reflects a much more cautious central bank, while higher inflation uncertainty and fiscal concerns argue for further 
steepening rather than a return to the extreme flattening seen earlier this month. EUR/USD is modestly firmer on 
the day, rebounding from recent lows and trading around 1.1550 at the European open. 
This morning's UK CPI data was broadly in line with expectations. Headline inflation rose to 3.1%YoY vs 
2.9% prev., while core inflation remained unchanged at 2.6%. The details were slightly softer, with services inflation 
holding at 3.4% thanks largely to weaker airfares and food inflation printing below the BoE's own forecast profile. 
The release has weighed on GBP FX, which remains close to recent lows around 1.3477, and may encourage 
some dovish repricing in the front SONIA contracts. We do not think today's data provide enough evidence for the 
MPC to alter its wait-and-see stance tomorrow. Meanwhile, concerns around shrinking fiscal headroom, higher 
debt servicing costs and the upcoming Budget continue to lurk in the background as an important medium-term 
driver for the long end. Markets will remain attentive to tomorrow’s QT announcement. Some reports are already 
suggesting that the BoE may either decrease long-end active QT. Any reduction in long-end supply would likely 
reinforce recent flattening pressure and help gilts outperform. We see risk of a complete halt of active QT.  
Risk-on session in Asian equities, helped by the decrease in pace of energy price rises and tech 
performance. JGBs bull-flattened while USD/JPY fell to 155 following the increase seen on Tuesday.  
Evelyne Gomez-Liechti | Multi-Asset Strategist (Mizuho International Plc)  
evelyne.gomez-liechti@uk.mizuho-sc.com | +44 20 7090 6741 


[Page 2]
Multi-Asset Strategy Daily 
 
Mizuho International Plc 
2 
Important Information 
This publication has been prepared by Mizuho International plc’s Fixed Income Sales & Trading department and represents the 
views of Mizuho International plc (“Mizuho International”) front office staff. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements in any country or jurisdiction designed to promote the independence of investment research and is not subject to any 
prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment research.  
Disclosures required under the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU596/2014) in respect of “investment recommendations” 
  
Interests/ conflicts of interest relating to the strategist/analyst responsible for this publication 
The strategist/analyst who prepared this publication is remunerated in part on the basis of the profitability of Mizuho International.  
The remuneration is not tied to specific investment banking transactions. 
  
Other information regarding investment recommendations  
· Unless otherwise stated in this publication: 
· The date and time the investment recommendation was completed is the date and time at which this publication was sent.  
· Any investment recommendation is only valid for one day or until any stated target price level is achieved if sooner.  
· Mizuho International does not plan to publish updates to any investment recommendation. 
· The price of any financial instruments stated in this publication will be correct as at the date and time of the publication. 
· Where a model has been used as the basis of any valuation of a financial instrument or issuer in an investment recommendation, 
further information about the valuation or methodology and underlying assumptions can be obtained from the 
strategist/analyst. 
· Mizuho International and the analyst who prepared the investment recommendation(s) set out in this publication may have had 
many varied views over the past 12 months, including contrary views and a large number of views are generated.  Details of 
the analyst’s investment recommendations that have been made over the last 12 months can be found at 
https://www.mizuho-emea.com/mar_disclosure. 
· Mizuho International and/or its affiliates is a market maker and/or liquidity provider in the financial instruments recommended in 
this publication. 
· Information as to whether Mizuho International and/or its affiliates has been a lead manager or co-lead manager of any publicly 
disclosed offer of financial instruments, or is party to an agreement relating to the provision of investment services with 
issuers to whom the recommendation(s) relates over the previous 12 months can be found at https://www.mizuho-
emea.com/mar_disclosure. 
· We are required to assign a “buy”, “sell”, “hold” (or equivalent) rating to investment recommendations.  Strategists’/analysts’ 
recommendations may include directional trades (i.e. buying/selling an asset outright, or going overweight or underweight a 
financial instrument relative to general market performance or a specific benchmark), relative value and spread trade ideas 
(i.e. recommendation to buy/sell a financial instrument against other financial instrument(s), or highlighting where a financial 
instrument is assessed as “cheap” or “rich” relative to a curve, cross asset or empirical measure).  Recommendations will be 
assigned the rating which appears most appropriate. 
· Information regarding the proportion of “buy”, “hold”, “sell” recommendations published by Mizuho International over the last 12 
months, and the proportion of issuers corresponding to each of those categories to whom Mizuho International has provided 
material investment services over the last 12 months can be found at https://www.mizuho-emea.com/mar_disclosure. 
  
Disclaimer 
  
This publication has been prepared by Mizuho International solely for the purpose of supplying information to investors and 
business clients of Mizuho International and its affiliates to whom it is distributed.  It is not intended for persons who are Retail 
Clients within the meaning of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority rules nor for persons who are restricted in 
accordance with US, Japanese or any other applicable securities laws.  
  
It is not and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security or any interest in securities or enter into 
any transaction.   
  
This publication may include details of instruments that have not been issued. There is no guarantee that such instruments will be 
issued in the future.  
  
This publication has been prepared by Mizuho International solely from publicly available information.   Information contained herein 
and the data underlying it have been obtained from, or based upon, sources believed by us to be reliable, but no assurance can be 
given that the information, data or any computations based thereon are accurate or complete.  Past performance is not indicative of 
future performance.  Unless otherwise attributed, forecasts of future performance represent the trader’s/ salesperson’s/ analyst’s 
estimates based on factors they consider relevant.  Actual performance may vary.  Consequently, no expressed or implied warranty 
can be made regarding future performance.  Opinions stated in this report are subject to change without notice. 
 Mizuho International and its affiliates, connected companies, employees or clients may take the other side of any order by you, 
enter into transactions contrary to any recommendations contained herein or have positions or make markets or act as principal or 
agent in transactions in any securities mentioned herein or derivative transactions relating thereto or perform or seek financial or 
advisory services for the issuers of those securities or financial instruments. 
  
There are risks associated with the financial instruments and transactions described in this publication.  Investors should consult 
their own financial, legal, accounting and tax advisors about the risks, the appropriate tools to analyse an investment and the 
suitability of an investment in their particular circumstances.  Mizuho International and its affiliates are not responsible for assessing 
the suitability of any investment.  Investment decisions and responsibility for any investments is the sole responsibility of the 
investor.  Neither the trader/ salesperson/ analyst, Mizuho International nor any affiliate accepts any liability whatsoever with 
respect to the use of this report or its contents. 
  


[Page 3]
Multi-Asset Strategy Daily 
 
Mizuho International Plc 
3 
Investors who purchase Contingent Convertible Securities (”CoCo’s”) from Mizuho International and its affiliates confirm that their 
activity will be in compliance with the Financial Conduct Authority Product Intervention (Contingent Convertible Instruments and 
Mutual Society Shares) Instrument 2015, as amended or replaced from time to time, which, amongst other things, restricts the 
marketing and sale of CoCo’s to retail clients in the European Economic Area. 
  
United Kingdom/ European Economic Area:  This publication has been issued in the UK by Mizuho International plc, Mizuho 
House, 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU, tel: 020 7236 1090.  Mizuho International plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and is a member of The London 
Stock Exchange.  Mizuho International has implemented organisational and administrative arrangements for the purposes of 
preventing and avoiding conflicts of interests.  Further information can be found in Mizuho International’s conflicts of interest 
disclosure statement which can be found at:  https://www.mizuho-emea.com/~/media/files/governance/mhi-conflicts-disclosure-
2015.ashx?la=en 
  
United States: The content of publications distributed by Mizuho Securities USA LLC. (“MSUSA”) is the responsibility of 
MSUSA.  The content of publications distributed directly to US customers by Mizuho International is the responsibility of Mizuho 
International.  US investors must effect any order for a security that is the subject of this report through MSUSA.   For more 
information, or to place an order for a security, please contact your MSUSA representative by telephone at 1-212-209-9300 or by 
mail at 320 Park Avenue, 12th floor, New York, NY 10022 USA.  MSUSA acts as agent for Mizuho International for transactions in 
foreign sovereign and corporate debt securities and related instruments.  MSUSA does not guarantee such transactions or 
participate in the settlement process. 
  
Japan: This publication is being distributed in Japan by Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd., a member of MHFG, Otemachi First Square, 5-
1 Otemachi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0004, Japan.  Financial Instruments Firm No. 94 (Kinsho), issued by the Director, 
Kanto Local Finance Bureau.  Memberships: Japan Securities Dealers Association; Japan Securities Investment Advisers 
Association; Financial Futures Association of Japan; and the Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
  
Hong Kong: This publication is being distributed in Hong Kong by Mizuho Securities Asia Limited (“MHSA”), a member of MHFG, 
14 - 15/F, K11 Atelier 18 Salisbury Road Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong which is licensed and regulated by the Hong Kong 
Securities and Futures Commission. 
  
Singapore: This report is distributed or has been approved for distribution in Singapore by Mizuho Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
(“MHSS”) which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Any report produced by a foreign Mizuho entity, analyst or 
affiliate is distributed in Singapore only to “Institutional Investors”, “Expert Investors” or “Accredited Investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Act, Chap. 289 of Singapore. Any matters arising from, or in connection with this material, should be brought 
to the attention of MHSS. 
  
Australia: This report is being distributed in Australia by MHSA which is exempted from the requirement to hold an Australian 
financial services license under the Corporation Act 2001 (“CA”) in respect of the financial services provided to the recipients. 
MHSA is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission under the laws of Hong Kong, which differ from Australian laws. 
Distribution of this report is intended only for recipients who are “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the CA. 
  
© Mizuho International plc.  All Rights Reserved.  This document may not be altered, reproduced or redistributed, or passed on to 
any other party, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Mizuho International. 
 
