GS Mitola - GS Equities: Sector Sentiment + Standouts | September
Edition 1 Oct 2026
Alex Mitola  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, FICC & Equities
Thu 1 Oct 2026, 11:34am ET
GS Trading & Sector Specialist Views on Sentiment, Flows, Positioning and more. Please let us know how
we can be helpful in the month ahead. Sentiment
| | Bookmark | Read |
| GS Equities: Sector Sentiment + Standouts | September Edition |
GS Trading & Sector Specialist Views on Sentiment, Flows, Positioning and more. Please let us know how
we can be helpful in the month ahead.
Sentiment Trends represent a subjective desk view on MoM changes in investor sentiment.
TMT – Peter Callahan & Alex Joseph (Specialists) + Peter Bartlett & Leyla Kamshad (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… Agentic Commerce Puts and Takes (Impacts from
‘personal assistants’) … DASH / SPOT / ABNB / TTWO types (What gets these to work?)… CPUs
(Upside nodes from here?)... SemiCap v Memory (can either – or both – work?)… EDAs (How to arrest
bear-narrative?) ... PANW / CRWD (what are bulls playing for from here?)…
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... Two things: 1) Personal
Assistants as META notched its best month of performance since July ‘13 with product momentum
accelerating via Muse and 2) Inference Economy continued to trend as a topic across the month - think
Capex/Asset light ways to play continued AI proliferation (e.g. Data Infra names & Cyber)
What catalysts matter most next month... Outside of SEMICON West (10/13-15) & NVDA GTC Berlin
(10/20-22), Q3 earnings kick-off toward month-end & watching revenues + cloud margins at the
Hyperscalers for broader AI Trade…
What looks extended... Per 14-day RSIs: Oversold: INTU, BILL, LFTO, TTWO, ZG, COMP, CHTR, NU,
TTD, TCOM, PAYX vs Overbought: DDOG, TWLO, OKTA, DT, META, ASML, AMD, TSM…
What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… Two Deep Dives from GIR: 1)Entering the Agentic
AI Era for the Commerce Landscape (Full Note) & 2): Sizing the AI Economy Needed to Justify ROIC on
Hyperscaler AI Capex (Full Note)
Financials – Christian DeGrasse (Specialist) + Alex Mitola (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… V & MA (Position on Agentic Payments)... HOOD
(product velocity + prediction markets vs valuation)... FICO/EFX/TRU (evolving market share between

FICO and Vantage .. Potential to move away from tri-merge)... ALLY (trajectory of NIM & Credit)...
CBOE (spx contract renewal, perpetual futures, tokenization)
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... Impact from higher rates on
Capital Markets activity
What catalysts matter most next month... Earnings (big banks kick off 10/13) .. October FOMC
What looks extended... Per 14D RSIs: Oversold: BAC, RF, BNY, ALLY, SF, BX, FIS, AON, FICO, NMIH
vs Overbought: COIN, MRX, HOOD…
What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… GIR note on ‘The next phase of capital markets
growth & the AI infra impact’ (Full Note)
Healthcare – Jon Chan (Specialist) + PJ Gallo (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… MRNA, MRK, TMO, HUM, BSX, TWST
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... TMO walking through LRP
at a competitor conference
What catalysts matter most next month... MA STARs scores, ESMO presentation of MRNA/MRK cancer
INT data
What looks extended... Tools multiples
What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… AI Drug Discovery
Consumer – Scott Feiler (Specialist) + Eric Mihelc (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… DKNG, TJX, BURL, MCD, VIK, AS, ONON, USFD
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... Themes: 1) More negative
sentiment on companies with heavy European exposure, especially those in apparel, 2) More negative
sentiment on the low-income consumer, following comments from companies at our GS Retail conference
about the widening K-economy, 3) Strength in cruise travel bookings, despite geopolitical and macro
concerns…. Stocks: 1) Negative sentiment on quality European exposed names (RL), 2) More structural
debate on why off-price trends (TJX, BURL) are not better...
What catalysts matter most next month... High frequency data remains the single largest correlation to
changes in stock direction (recent improvement at BURL, GAP, AEO, etc). As a result, we expect
investors to remain very focused on near-term trends, given the depressed valuations in the space. After
that, the obvious is a focus on oil (and the impact to freight/margins in 2027) and rates impact to
housing/autos
What looks extended... To the Upside: SG, GME, OLLI, SIG, GAP, MAR… vs To the Downside: MGM,
TXRH, BROS, SFD, FRPT…

What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… Almost all questions we have received the last 2
weeks have been around the impact of agentic on the market. Core consumer stock prices have actually
been somewhat immune to the very recent pressures of this theme. Weakness has been more concentrated
in internet, pockets of Fins and business services. (Full Note)
Industrials – Ryan Novak (Specialist) + Amanda Ross & Kyle Shaffer (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… Main debate right now is when to regross in
industrials and materials, why to regross and where to regross. Investors appear in a holding pattern driven
by the macro – Middle East, oil, rates and midterms. While seasonality gets better historically the rest of
the year, until we have clarity on any of the items listed, expect cyclicals to remain for sale.
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... Industrials inflected lower
broadly and are trading at 1 and 5 year lows vs. the broader market. Sentiment has soured across all the
previously popular areas including AI/data center, short cycle, aerospace and transports
What catalysts matter most next month... New data points – ISM, truck orders, auto sales. And
importantly, Q3 earnings where the battle becomes topline strength vs. price/cost headwinds and macro
uncertainty that has risen dramatically in recent months…
What looks extended... Oversold: WY, ADT, GD, AN, LHX… vs Overbought: KEYS, ZBRA, NDSN,
AME, CCL…
What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… Updates from the likes of JBHT CARR LECO to
name a few during conference season suggesting price / cost could be a widespread headwind vs. prior
thinking in Q3.
Energy & Utilities – Adam Wijaya (Specialist) + Amanda Ross & Kyle Shaffer (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… Refiners: 3Q revisions screen bullish, though more
specialists tilting cautious on valuation, potential for policy controls and demand destruction with diesel at
highs. VLO, MPC, PBF, DK, DINO… Gas Midstream: Macro remains challenging with rates and
majority of the stocks have broken their respective 200d levels in September – debate around valuation
and near-term catalysts. KMI, WMB, DTM, TRP…
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... Refining: We think the group
was one of the more owned subsectors over the last couple of months, though recent concerns on diesel
export bans, quotas, tariffs, etc have increased concerns on rate of change for the group. Would note the
group is still +130% YTD vs XLE +38%...
What catalysts matter most next month... Most focus on EPS kicking off in mid-October for the Energy
group – where FY guidance updates will be most in focus for OFS (International downtime and levels of
conservatism vs NAM pricing power near term) and E&P (potential for capex step-up / production
revisions given elevated crude)
What looks extended... Oversold: WMB, DTM, CCJ, FSLR, EXE, HAL, WFRD … vs Overbought: CVI,
SEI, MUR, REP, VLO, PBF…

What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… Knock on effects of a potential diesel export ban
(Iink) has been the most topical story on the desk over the last couple of weeks – with strong levels of
inbounds from both generalists and specialists…
Special Situations – Peter Davis (Specialist) + Andrew Ramirez (Trading)
What stocks are most topical / debated right now… NSC/UNP (Regulatory Path), LNTH (HSR), ZIM
(Regulatory Path)
Where was the biggest inflection this past month (stock, theme, sector, etc)... MGM/PPLI: In a surprising
(and quick) 180-degree turn, MGM Resorts (MGM / $8bn mkt cap) is reportedly discussing a proposal to
acquire Barry Diller's People (PPLI / $3bn mkt cap). The report comes just 1 day after PPLI walked away
from its $48.30/shr proposal for the Casino co, sending MGM shares lower.
What catalysts matter most next month... KVUE/KMB (EU Phase I Expires); AES (EU FSR & Phase I
Expires); LNTH (HSR Refiled Expires); PSNL (HSR Expires); D/NE (VA PUC Hearing); AXTA (EU
FSR Expires)
What Are The Most Popular Arb Names … KVUE/KMB, NSC/UNP, AES, ROKU/FOXA, CZR
What note / topic / story is worth double-clicking on… Corporate Donations to State AGs Are Setting
Records This Year.. Both the Republican and Democratic attorneys general associations are on track to
have their most successful fundraising years ever, a Wall Street Journal analysis of federal filings found.
The two groups, better known as RAGA and DAGA, collected a record-breaking $37 million in the first
half of 2026 between them. Both RAGA and DAGA received around 90% of their contributions from
corporations over the past several years, a Journal review of filings found. (Source: WSJ)
Prepared by a Goldman Sachs sales and trading desk, which may have a position in the products
mentioned that is inconsistent with the views expressed in this material. In evaluating this material, you
should know that it could have been previously provided to other clients and/or internal Goldman Sachs
personnel, who could have already acted on it. The views or ideas expressed here are those of the desk
and/or author only and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs; others at Goldman Sachs may have
opinions or may express views that are contrary to those herein. This material is not independent advice
and is not a product of Global Investment Research. This material is a solicitation of derivatives business
generally, only for the purposes of, and to the extent it would otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations
1.71 and 23.605.*

Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
