Economics - North America
Economic Insights
Global Markets Research
24 September 2026
US: September Employment Preview
We expect headline payrolls rose 130k in September. A broad set of indicators 
suggests the underlying pace of job growth remains robust and broad-based.
•
We expect the unemployment rate edged down to 4.0%, with risks skewed to the 
upside. Labor market fundamentals have improved, with measures of layoffs edging 
lower and hiring momentum picking up.
•
We expect average hourly earnings (AHE) growth slowed to 0.2% m-o-m, partly 
reflecting a negative calendar effect. The average workweek likely remained 
unchanged at 34.4.
•
Overall, resilient labor market conditions should keep the Fed focused primarily on 
inflation.
•
Fig. 1: We expect nonfarm payroll growth remained strong at 130k, while the unemployment rate fell to 4.0%
Nomura
Consensus*
Nonfarm
000s
63
31
21
162
130
104
Private
000s
61
26
71
127
120
90
Average hourly earnings
% m-o-m
0.214
0.267
0.160
0.266
0.2
0.3
Average weekly hours
Level
34.3
34.3
34.3
34.4
34.4
34.3
Unemployment rate
%
4.3
4.2
4.1
4.1
4.0
4.2
Unrounded
%
4.296
4.189
4.090
4.141
September
Employment indicator
Units
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Source: BLS, Bloomberg, Haver, Nomura
 
We expect headline job gains remained solid at 130k in September, following a 162k 
increase in August (Fig. 1 ). We also expect modest positive revisions to August payroll 
growth, consistent with the historical seasonal pattern (Fig. 2 ).
Lead indicators for job gains have been consistently positive (Fig. 4 ). Weekly ADP 
employment has continued to strengthen (Fig. 3 ), while the four-week moving average of 
continuing claims through the September payroll reference period fell to its lowest level 
since June 2023 (Fig. 5 ). Survey data have also improved, with employment indices in 
several surveys rising to multiyear highs (Fig. 6 ). The September S&P PMI report also 
noted that stronger activity and rising order backlogs have encouraged firms to expand 
headcounts.
We expect government payrolls rose 10k in September following a 35k increase in August. 
Local government employment likely continued to normalize following the sharp swings in 
education employment in the last two months, while state government payrolls also 
increased.
Research Analysts
North America Economics
Ruchir Sharma -  NSI
ruchir.sharma@nomura.com
+1 212 667 9186
Jeremy Schwartz -  NSI
jeremy.schwartz@nomura.com
+1 212 667 9637
Aichi Amemiya -  NSI
aichi.amemiya@nomura.com
+1 212 667 9347
See Appendix A-1 for analyst certification, important disclosures and the status of non-US analysts.
 

Fig. 2: Historical patterns point to an upward revision in the 
August payrolls
Difference between the second and first estimate
Note: The chart shows the distribution of revisions between second and the first estimate 
since 2000, organized by months. The middle line shows the median, and the top and 
bottom of the boxes show the 75th and 25th percentile, respectively.
Source: BLS, Haver, Nomura
Fig. 3: Weekly ADP employment has continued to strengthen
w-o-w changes in ADP private employment
Source: ADP, Haver, Nomura
Fig. 4: Lead indicators for job gains have been broadly positive
Labor market heat map
Service surveys (emp)
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Ch.
S&P PMI
49.7
50.4
47.3
49.4
50.8
53.5
55.4
1.9
ISM services
45.2
48
47.9
51.2
47.4
47.8
NY Fed
-4.6
-1.5
1.0
7.2
-1.8
-1.2
-4.5
-3.3
Philly Fed
-11.3
-4.7
-1.1
-4.8
12.4
2.1
19
16.9
Richmond Fed
9
5
0
8
4
8
2
-6.0
Dallas Fed
2.5
-1.0
-3.2
8.1
2.6
0.8
Service emp. growth
169
144
58
12
42
86
Manufacturing surveys (emp)
S&P PMI
50.1
49.1
51.6
47.1
50.9
52.4
55.8
3.4
ISM manufacturing
48.7
46.4
48.6
49.7
52.8
51.2
NY Fed
5.8
9.8
8.3
9.6
11.4
9.3
10.6
1.3
Philly Fed
0.8
-5.1
-2.8
7.9
10
27.9
11.8
-16.1
Richmond Fed
-2
-1
1
-1
2
-2
7
9.0
Kansas City Fed
7
2
-4
10
2
0
0
0.0
Dallas Fed
-1.0
-0.9
0.2
13.9
12.2
8
Manufacturing emp. growth
15
-1
-2
13
14
Consumer surveys
Labor differential
6.1
7.5
5
3.8
2.7
7.5
UMich unemployment
52
46
45
47
53
54
48
-6.0
Net two-month revisions
-7
-16
93
-74
-103
55
Note: Range for cell shading covers 2011-present (excluding 2020). For service and manufacturing surveys, numbers reflect employment subindices
Source: BLS, Regional Federal Reserve Banks, S&P, ISM, University of Michigan, Conference Board, Haver, Nomura
 
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
2

Fig. 5: The four-week moving average of continuing claims 
through the September payroll reference period fell to its 
lowest level since June 2023
Note: Markers refer to NFP survey reference week
Source: DOL, BLS, Haver, Nomura
Fig. 6: Employment indices in several surveys have risen to 
multiyear highs
Employment indices of various service sector surveys
Source: Regional Federal Reserve Banks, S&P Global, ISM, Haver, Nomura
 
The expiration of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), time limited immigration reliefs to 
nationals from specific countries, remains a headwind to employment growth, although 
likely less so than in previous months due to the timing and the magnitude of impact.
The 27 July expiration of TPS for ~350k Haitians likely weighed on education and health 
services employment in recent months (Fig. 7 & 8 ). Hiring is likely to improve from lows, 
consistent with recent claims report in which several states cited fewer layoffs in these 
sectors. For immigrants from El Salvador, TPS ultimately remained in place beyond its 
previously scheduled 9 September. As a result, we do not expect a significant drag from 
the loss of work authorization in September. However, uncertainty ahead of the deadline 
may have led firms and workers to frontload some adjustment. Our analysis using 2024 
ACS data suggests Salvadoran-born workers are relatively concentrated in construction (
Fig. 8 ), although strong hiring in the sector likely supported in part by data-center 
construction, could provide an offset.
Fig. 7: TPS expirations is likely to weigh on labor supply
Expiration dates of TPS programs
  Designated Country  
  Expiration Date
  TPS Holders
  Yemen  
Jul. 20, 2026
  1,380
  Syria  
Jul. 27, 2026
  6,132
Haiti
Aug. 4, 2026
348,187
                
  Burma  
Aug. 7, 2026
3,670
                    
South Sudan
Aug. 7, 2026
210
                       
Somalia
Aug. 14, 2026
705
                       
  Ethiopia  
Aug. 18, 2026
  5,001
  El Salvador* 
  Sept. 9, 2026
  170,125
  Sudan  
  Oct. 19, 2026
  1,790
  Ukraine  
  Oct. 19, 2026
 101,150
Lebanon
Nov. 27, 2026
140
                       
Note: * Decision on TPS for El Salvador is pending.
Source: The National Immigration Forum, Nomura
Fig. 8: TPS expiry impact is concentrated in education and 
health, and construction sectors
Employment by industry for various foreign born workers 
Source: Census Bureau, Nomura
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
3

 
Overall, TPS expirations across these cohorts pose a near-term risk of contraction in labor 
supply, an issue which has often been cited by various firms as a major factor constraining 
activity.
Progress on the unemployment rate
We expect the unemployment rate ticked down to 4.0% in September from 4.1% in 
August, the lowest reading since January 2025. The risks are skewed to the upside, i.e., 
an unchanged reading from the prior month.
Labor market fundamentals have improved broadly. Measures of layoffs continue to trend 
lower. Initial claims have declined in recent weeks and the JOLTS layoff rate remains 
subdued (Fig. 9 ). The University of Michigan survey also suggests households’ perceived 
probability of job loss over the longer term has fallen.
Measures of job finding have improved as well. Private-sector data point to a pickup in job 
openings (Fig. 10 ). August household-survey flows were also encouraging, with the job-
finding rate ticking up and the U-6 underemployment rate declining to its lowest level since 
June 2025.
Fig. 9: Measures of layoffs have remained subdued
Job loss rates
Source: BLS, Haver, Nomura
Fig. 10: Private sector data point to a pickup in job openings
Job openings measures
Source: Indeed, Lightcast via Opportunity Insights, BLS, Haver, Nomura
 
Our below-consensus forecast is primarily driven by improving fundamentals, but 
September seasonality provides some additional support.
Since 2010, the unemployment rate has surprised consensus to the downside by around 
12bp on average in September and has come in below expectations in 11 of the past 16 
years (Fig. 11 ). We analyze household survey flows data and believe that some residual 
seasonality is likely due to a pickup in transitions from unemployment to nonparticipation 
following subdued readings during the summer (Fig. 12 ). We think that seasonal noise 
around the beginning of a new school year likely leads to this pattern.
Overall, we expect the unemployment rate to continue declining gradually, reaching 3.9% 
by year-end 2027.
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
4

Fig. 11: The unemployment rate has come in below 
expectations in 11 of the past 16 years
Source: Bloomberg, Nomura
Fig. 12: Flows data suggest residual seasonality likely reflects 
a pickup in U-to-N transitions around the start of the school 
year
Note: Bars refer to the average U-to-N flow rate by month from 2010-2024 excluding 
2020 and 2021
Source: BLS, Haver, Nomura
 
Wage growth cools
We expect AHE growth cooled to 0.2% m-o-m. There was a negative calendar effect since 
the 12th of month was a Saturday (AHE tends to underperform when the 12th is late in the 
week) (Fig. 13 ). Separate from the calendar effect his month, lead indicators for wage 
growth also suggest that wages are cooling gradually.
We expect the average workweek remained unchanged at 34.4 (Fig. 14 ). Survey data 
generally point to a pickup, while Labor Day falling within the payroll survey reference 
week might have weighed on working hours (though the BLS calendar adjustment 
somewhat accounts for this).
Fig. 13: AHE growth slowed since there was a negative 
calendar effect as the 12th of month fell on a Saturday
% m-o-m AHE
Source: BLS, Haver, Nomura
Fig. 14: Recent surveys have been positive about the average 
workweek
Average workweek indices in various Regional Fed surveys
Source: Regional Federal Reserve Banks, Haver, Nomura
 
Policy Implications
Overall, the report is likely to strengthen the Fed's conviction that labor market remains 
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
5

steady and near full-employment. This should keep the Fed focused squarely on inflation.
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
6

Appendix A-1 
This report has been produced by Nomura Securities International, Inc.(NSI), US.
See Disclaimers for Nomura Group entity details.
Analyst Certification 
We, Ruchir Sharma, Jeremy Schwartz and Aichi Amemiya, hereby certify (1) that the views expressed in this Research report accurately reflect 
our personal views about any or all of the subject securities or issuers referred to in this Research report, (2) no part of our compensation was, 
is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this Research report and (3) no part of our 
compensation is tied to any specific investment banking transactions performed by Nomura Securities International, Inc., Nomura International 
plc or any other Nomura Group company.
Important Disclosures
Online availability of research and conflict-of-interest disclosures
Nomura Group research is available on www.nomuranow.com/research, Bloomberg, Capital IQ, Factset, LSEG.
Important disclosures may be read at http://go.nomuranow.com/research/m/Disclosures or requested from Nomura Securities International, Inc. 
If you have any difficulties with the website, please email grpsupport@nomura.com for help.
 
The analysts responsible for preparing this report have received compensation based upon various factors including the firm's total revenues, a 
portion of which is generated by Investment Banking activities. Unless otherwise noted, the non-US analysts listed at the front of this report are 
not registered/qualified as research analysts under FINRA rules, may not be associated persons of NSI, and may not be subject to FINRA Rule 
2241 restrictions on communications with covered companies, public appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account.
 
Nomura Global Financial Products Inc. (NGFP) Nomura Derivative Products Inc. (NDP) and Nomura International plc. (NIplc) are registered with 
the Commodities Futures Trading Commission and the National Futures Association (NFA) as swap dealers. NGFP, NDPI, and NIplc are 
generally engaged in the trading of swaps and other derivative products, any of which may be the subject of this report.
 
Disclaimers
This publication contains material that has been prepared by the Nomura Group entity identified on page 1 and, if applicable, with the 
contributions of one or more Nomura Group entities whose employees and their respective affiliations are specified on page 1 or identified 
elsewhere in this publication. The term "Nomura Group" used herein refers to Nomura Holdings, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries including: 
(a) Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. ('NSC') Tokyo, Japan, (b) Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH (‘NFPE’), Germany, (c) Nomura 
International plc ('NIplc'), UK, (d) Nomura Securities International, Inc. ('NSI'), New York, US, (e) Nomura International (Hong Kong) Ltd. 
(‘NIHK’), Hong Kong, (f) Nomura Financial Investment (Korea) Co., Ltd. (‘NFIK’), Korea (Information on Nomura analysts registered with the 
Korea Financial Investment Association ('KOFIA') can be found on the KOFIA Intranet at http://dis.kofia.or.kr, (g) Nomura Singapore Ltd. (‘NSL’), 
Singapore (Registration number 197201440E, regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore) (h) Nomura Australia Ltd. (‘NAL’), Australia 
(ABN 48 003 032 513), regulated by the Australian Securities and Investment Commission ('ASIC') and holder of an Australian financial services 
licence number 246412, (i) Nomura Securities Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. (‘NSM’), Malaysia, (j) NIHK, Taipei Branch (‘NITB’), Taiwan, (k) Nomura 
Financial Advisory and Securities (India) Private Limited (‘NFASL’), Mumbai, India (Registered Address: Ceejay House, Level 11, Plot F, 
Shivsagar Estate, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai- 400 018, India; Tel: 91 22 4037 4037, Fax: 91 22 4037 4111; CIN No: 
U74140MH2007PTC169116, SEBI Registration No. for Stock Broking activities : INZ000255633; SEBI Registration No. for Merchant Banking : 
INM000011419; SEBI Registration No. for Research: INH000001014 - Compliance Officer: Ms. Pratiksha Tondwalkar, 91 22 40374904, 
grievance email:  investorgrievancesra@nomura.com  Webpage:  LINK
For reports with respect to Indian public companies or authored by India-based NFASL research analysts: (i) 
Investment in securities markets is subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before 
investing. (ii) Registration granted by SEBI, and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the 
intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. (iii) NFASL terms and conditions for availing 
research services is disclosed on NFASL webpage.
(l) Nomura Fiduciary Research & Consulting Co., Ltd. ('NFRC') Tokyo, Japan.  (m) Nomura Orient International Securities Co., Ltd (“NOI”), is a 
majority owned joint venture amongst Nomura Group, Orient International (Holding) Co., Ltd, and Shanghai Huangpu Investment Holding 
(Group) Co., Ltd. In accordance with the laws of the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, for the 
purpose of this document), NOI is licensed in the PRC to provide securities research and investment recommendations and it operates 
independently from the other members of the Nomura Group; in particular, NOI’s interests in PRC securities are not disclosed to, or aggregated 
with the holdings of, any other Nomura Group entities and the interests in PRC securities of other Nomura Group entities are not disclosed to, or 
aggregated with the holdings of, NOI.  An individual name printed next to NOI on the front page of a research report indicates that individual is 
employed by NOI to provide research assistance to NIHK under a research partnership agreement. ‘NSFSPL’ next to an employee’s name on 
the front page of a research report indicates that the individual is employed by Nomura Structured Finance Services Private Limited to provide 
assistance to certain Nomura entities under inter-company agreements. 'Verdhana' next to an individual's name on the front page of a research 
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
7

report indicates that the individual is employed by PT Verdhana Sekuritas Indonesia ('Verdhana') to provide research assistance to NIHK under 
a research partnership agreement and neither Verdhana nor such individual is licensed outside of Indonesia. 
THIS MATERIAL IS: (I) FOR YOUR PRIVATE INFORMATION, AND WE ARE NOT SOLICITING ANY ACTION BASED UPON IT; (II) NOT TO 
BE CONSTRUED AS AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE 
SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION WOULD BE ILLEGAL; AND (III) OTHER THAN DISCLOSURES RELATING TO THE NOMURA GROUP, 
BASED UPON INFORMATION FROM SOURCES THAT WE CONSIDER RELIABLE, BUT HAS NOT BEEN INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED BY 
NOMURA GROUP.
Other than disclosures relating to the Nomura Group, the Nomura Group does not warrant, represent or undertake, express or implied, that the 
document is fair, accurate, complete, correct, reliable or fit for any particular purpose or merchantable, and to the maximum extent permissible 
by law and/or regulation, does not accept liability (in negligence or otherwise, and in whole or in part) for any act (or decision not to act) resulting 
from use of this document and related data. To the maximum extent permissible by law and/or regulation, all warranties and other assurances 
by the Nomura Group are hereby excluded and the Nomura Group shall have no liability (in negligence or otherwise, and in whole or in part) for 
any loss howsoever arising from the use, misuse, or distribution of this material or the information contained in this material or otherwise arising 
in connection therewith.
Opinions or estimates expressed are current opinions as of the original publication date appearing on this material and the information, including 
the opinions and estimates contained herein, are subject to change without notice. The Nomura Group, however, expressly disclaims any 
obligation, and therefore is under no duty, to update or revise this document. Any comments or statements made herein are those of the 
author(s) and may differ from views held by other parties within Nomura Group. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation 
in this report is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. The Nomura Group 
does not provide tax advice.
The Nomura Group, and/or its officers, directors, employees and affiliates, may, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, deal 
as principal, agent, or otherwise, or have long or short positions in, or buy or sell, the securities, commodities or instruments, or options or other 
derivative instruments based thereon, of issuers or securities mentioned herein. The Nomura Group companies may also act as market maker 
or liquidity provider (within the meaning of applicable regulations in the UK) in the financial instruments of the issuer. Where the activity of 
market maker is carried out in accordance with the definition given to it by specific laws and regulations of the US or other jurisdictions, this will 
be separately disclosed within the specific issuer disclosures.
This document may contain information obtained from third parties, including, but not limited to, ratings from credit ratings agencies such as 
Standard & Poor’s. The Nomura Group hereby expressly disclaims all representations, warranties or undertakings of originality, fairness, 
accuracy, completeness, correctness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of the information obtained from 
third parties contained in this material or otherwise arising in connection therewith, and shall not be liable (in negligence or otherwise, and in 
whole or in part) for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, 
legal fees, or losses (including lost income or profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use or misuse of any of the information 
obtained from third parties contained in this material or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Reproduction and distribution of third-party 
content in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the related third-party. Third-party content providers do not, express 
or implied, guarantee the fairness, accuracy, completeness, correctness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are 
not in any way responsible for any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use 
or misuse of such content. Third-party content providers give no express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranties of 
merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use. Third-party content providers shall not be liable (in negligence or otherwise, and in 
whole or in part) for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages, costs, expenses, 
legal fees, or losses (including lost income or profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use or misuse of their content, including 
ratings. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase hold or sell securities. They do 
not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.
Any MSCI sourced information in this document is the exclusive property of MSCI Inc. (‘MSCI’). Without prior written permission of MSCI, this 
information and any other MSCI intellectual property may not be duplicated, reproduced, re-disseminated, redistributed or used, in whole or in 
part, for any purpose whatsoever, including creating any financial products and any indices. This information is provided on an "as is" basis. The 
user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this information. MSCI, its affiliates and any third party involved in, or related to, computing or 
compiling the information hereby expressly disclaim all representations, warranties or undertakings of originality, fairness, accuracy, 
completeness, correctness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of this material or the information contained in 
this material or otherwise arising in connection therewith. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any 
third party involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information have any liability (in negligence or otherwise, and in whole or in part) 
for any damages of any kind. MSCI and the MSCI indexes are services marks of MSCI and its affiliates.
The intellectual property rights and any other rights, in Russell/Nomura Japan Equity Index belong to Nomura Fiduciary Research & Consulting 
Co., Ltd. ("NFRC") and FTSE Russell ("Russell"). NFRC and Russell do not guarantee fairness, accuracy, completeness, correctness, reliability, 
usefulness, marketability, merchantability or fitness of the Index, and do not account for business activities or services that any index user 
and/or its affiliates undertakes with the use of the Index.
Investors should consider this document as only a single factor in making their investment decision and, as such, the report should not be 
viewed as identifying or suggesting all risks, direct or indirect, that may be associated with any investment decision. Nomura Group produces a 
number of different types of research product including, among others, fundamental analysis and quantitative analysis; recommendations 
contained in one type of research product may differ from recommendations contained in other types of research product, whether as a result of 
differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise. The Nomura Group publishes research product in a number of different ways including the 
posting of product on the Nomura Group portals and/or distribution directly to clients. Different groups of clients may receive different products 
and services from the research department depending on their individual requirements.
Figures presented herein may refer to past performance or simulations based on past performance which are not reliable indicators of future or 
likely performance. Where the information contains an expectation, projection or indication of future performance and business prospects, such 
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
8

forecasts may not be a reliable indicator of future or likely performance. Moreover, simulations are based on models and simplifying 
assumptions which may oversimplify and not reflect the future distribution of returns. Any figure, strategy or index created and published for 
illustrative purposes within this document is not intended for “use” as a “benchmark” as defined by the European Benchmark Regulation.
Certain securities are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that could have an adverse effect on the value or price of, or income derived 
from, the investment.
With respect to Fixed Income Research: Recommendations fall into two categories: tactical, which typically last up to three months; or strategic, 
which typically last from 6-12 months. However, trade recommendations may be reviewed at any time as circumstances change. ‘Stop loss’ 
levels for trades are also provided; which, if hit, closes the trade recommendation automatically. Prices and yields shown in recommendations 
are taken at the time of submission for publication and are based on either indicative Bloomberg, LSEG or Nomura prices and yields at that 
time. The prices and yields shown are not necessarily those at which the trade recommendation can be implemented.
The securities described herein may not have been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 (the ‘1933 Act’), and, in such case, may not 
be offered or sold in the US or to US persons unless they have been registered under the 1933 Act, or except in compliance with an exemption 
from the registration requirements of the 1933 Act. Unless governing law permits otherwise, any transaction should be executed via a Nomura 
entity in your home jurisdiction.
This document has been approved for distribution in the UK as investment research by NIplc. NIplc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. NIplc is a member of the London Stock 
Exchange. This document does not constitute a personal recommendation within the meaning of applicable regulations in the UK, or take into 
account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual investors. This document is intended only for investors 
who are 'eligible counterparties' or 'professional clients' for the purposes of applicable regulations in the UK, and may not, therefore, be 
redistributed to persons who are 'retail clients' for such purposes.
This document has been approved for distribution in the European Economic Area as investment research by Nomura Financial Products 
Europe GmbH (“NFPE”). NFPE is a company organized as a limited liability company under German law registered in the Commercial Register 
of the Court of Frankfurt/Main under HRB 110223. NFPE is authorized and regulated by the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(BaFin).
This document has been approved by NIHK, which is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission, for distribution in Hong 
Kong by NIHK. This document is intended only for investors who are 'professional investors' for the purposes of applicable regulations in Hong 
Kong and may not, therefore, be redistributed to persons who are not 'professional investors' for such purposes.
This document has been approved for distribution in Australia by NAL, which is authorized and regulated in Australia by the ASIC.
This document has also been approved for distribution in Malaysia by NSM.
In Singapore, this document has been distributed by NSL, an exempt financial adviser as defined under the Financial Advisers Act (Chapter 
110), among other things, and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. NSL may distribute this document produced by its foreign 
affiliates pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. This document is intended for accredited, 
expert or institutional investors as defined by the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289). Where the recipient of this document is not an 
accredited, expert or institutional investor, NSL accepts legal responsibility for the contents of this document in respect of such recipient only to 
the extent required by law. Recipients of this document in Singapore should contact NSL in respect of matters arising from, or in connection 
with, this document. THIS DOCUMENT IS INTENDED FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION. IT DOES NOT TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THE SPECIFIC 
INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, FINANCIAL SITUATION OR PARTICULAR NEEDS OF ANY PARTICULAR PERSON. RECIPIENTS SHOULD 
TAKE INTO ACCOUNT THEIR SPECIFIC INVESTMENT OBJECTIVES, FINANCIAL SITUATION OR PARTICULAR NEEDS BEFORE 
MAKING A COMMITMENT TO PURCHASE ANY SECURITIES, INCLUDING SEEKING ADVICE FROM AN INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL 
ADVISER REGARDING THE SUITABILITY OF THE INVESTMENT, UNDER A SEPARATE ENGAGEMENT, AS THE RECIPIENT DEEMS FIT.
Unless prohibited by the provisions of Regulation S of the 1933 Act, this material is distributed in the US, by NSI, a US-registered broker-dealer, 
which accepts responsibility for its contents in accordance with the provisions of Rule 15a-6, under the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
The entity that prepared this document permits its separately operated affiliates within the Nomura Group to make copies of such documents 
available to their clients.
This document has not been approved for distribution to persons other than ‘Authorised Persons’, ‘Exempt Persons’ or ‘Institutions’ (as defined 
by the Capital Markets Authority) in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (‘Saudi Arabia’) or a ’Market Counterparty’ or a 'Professional Client' (as defined 
by the Dubai Financial Services Authority) in the United Arab Emirates (‘UAE’) or a ‘Market Counterparty’ or a ‘Business Customer’ (as defined 
by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority) in the State of Qatar (‘Qatar’) by Nomura Saudi Arabia, NIplc or any other member of the 
Nomura Group, as the case may be. Neither this document nor any copy thereof may be taken or transmitted or distributed, directly or indirectly, 
by any person other than those authorised to do so into Saudi Arabia or in the UAE or in Qatar or to any person other than ‘Authorised Persons’, 
‘Exempt Persons’ or ‘Institutions’ located in Saudi Arabia or a ’Market Counterparty’ or a 'Professional Client' in the UAE or a ‘Market 
Counterparty’ or a ‘Business Customer’ in Qatar. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws of the UAE 
or Saudi Arabia or Qatar.
For report with reference of TAIWAN public companies or authored by Taiwan based research analyst:
THIS DOCUMENT IS SOLELY FOR REFERENCE ONLY. You should independently evaluate the investment risks and are solely responsible 
for your investment decisions. NO PORTION OF THE REPORT MAY BE REPRODUCED OR QUOTED BY THE PRESS OR ANY OTHER 
PERSON WITHOUT WRITTEN AUTHORIZATION FROM NOMURA GROUP. Pursuant to Operational Regulations Governing Securities Firms 
Recommending Trades in Securities to Customers and/or other applicable laws or regulations in Taiwan, you are prohibited to provide the 
reports to others (including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities in 
connection with the reports which may involve conflicts of interests. INFORMATION ON SECURITIES / INSTRUMENTS NOT EXECUTABLE 
BY NOMURA INTERNATIONAL (HONG KONG) LTD., TAIPEI BRANCH IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS A RECOMMENDATION OR A SOLICITATION TO TRADE IN SUCH SECURITIES / INSTRUMENTS.
This material may not be distributed in Indonesia or passed on within the territory of the Republic of Indonesia or to persons who are Indonesian 
citizens (wherever they are domiciled or located) or entities of or residents in Indonesia in a manner which constitutes a public offering under the 
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
9

laws of the Republic of Indonesia. The securities mentioned in this document may not be offered or sold in Indonesia or to persons who are 
citizens of Indonesia (wherever they are domiciled or located) or entities of or residents in Indonesia in a manner which constitutes a public 
offering under the laws of the Republic of Indonesia.
An individual name printed next to NOI on the front page of a research report indicates that this document is a translation of a research report 
issued by NOI in the PRC. In all other cases, this document is prepared by Nomura Group or its subsidiary or affiliate (collectively, “Offshore 
Issuers”) that is not licensed in the PRC to provide securities research.  This research report is not approved or intended to be circulated in the 
PRC. The A-share related analysis (if any) is not produced for any persons located or incorporated in the PRC. The recipients should not rely on 
any information contained in this research report in making investment decisions and Offshore Issuers take no responsibility in this regard.
NO PART OF THIS MATERIAL MAY BE (I) COPIED, PHOTOCOPIED, REPRODUCED OR DUPLICATED IN ANY FORM, BY ANY MEANS; 
OR (II) REDISSEMINATED, REPUBLISHED OR REDISTRIBUTED WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF A MEMBER OF THE 
NOMURA GROUP. If this document has been distributed by electronic transmission, such as e-mail, then such transmission cannot be 
guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain 
viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability (in negligence or otherwise, and in whole or in part) for any errors or omissions in the 
contents of this document, which may arise as a result of electronic transmission. If verification is required, please request a hard-copy version.
 
Nomura Securities Co., Ltd.
Financial instruments firm registered with the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (registration No. 142)
Member associations: Japan Securities Dealers Association; Investment Management Association of Japan; The Financial Futures Association 
of Japan; Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association; and Japan Security Token Offering Association.
 
The Nomura Group manages conflicts with respect to the production of research through its compliance policies and procedures (including, but 
not limited to, Conflicts of Interest, Chinese Wall and Confidentiality policies) as well as through the maintenance of Chinese Walls and 
employee training.
Additional information regarding the methodologies or models used in the production of any investment recommendations contained 
within this document is available upon request by contacting the Research Analysts of Nomura listed on the front page. Disclosures 
information is available upon request and disclosure information is available at the Nomura Disclosure web page: 
http://go.nomuranow.com/research/m/Disclosures
Copyright © 2026 Nomura Securities International, Inc., US. All rights reserved.
Nomura | Economic Insights
24 September 2026
10
