JPM Tyler - Morning Briefing: Tactically Bullish with updated
Monetization Menu; Positioning; 26Q3 Earnings Preview 28 Sep
2026
Andrew Tyler  ·  JPMorgan  ·  JPM US Market Intelligence
Mon 28 Sep 2026, 5:29am ET
SEPTEMBER 28, 2026
IDEAS & INSIGHTS – IN BRIEF
· LAST WEEK – reviewing last week’s asset price action, color around US / Iran, Mkt Intel scenarios on a
potential deal
· US MKT INTEL VIEW – we return to our Tactically Bullish view and update the Monetization Menu
· ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS – earnings, FICC tidbits, macro data, oil tidbits
· POSITIONING INTELLIGENCE – Weekly Wrap | Rate Risks and Health Hazards Offset by AI
Optimism
· US FIXED INCOME MARKETS WEEKLY – snippets from our FICC Research team
· MKT INTEL CONSUMER CASH PILE – updated for September, a copy of the note is here
JPM MARKET INTEL MORNING UPDATES
· SPX -0.5%, NDX -1.0%, RTY -0.6%. WTI +335bps at $95.51, NatGas -391bps to $3.07, UK NatGas
+290bps to £1.8501, Gold -323bps to $4,146, Silver -493bps to $61.13, 10Y @ 5.226%, and VIX @
16.32.
· US: Futures are lower with Tech underperforming as price action responds to higher oil and another
surge in bond yields. Oil is higher on a lack of deal btwn US/Iran as Trump says bombing to resume post-
Midterms, but negotiations are on-going and may resume this week. Yields are 4-7 bps higher as the curve
flattens. DXY is higher despite weakness in USD/JPY and GBP/USD. Cmdtys are mixed with Energy
leading, Metals under pressure dragged by Precious which appears to be driven by temporary higher
margin requirements in China for Golden Week; Ags are lower. In Eqys, there is broad-based Tech selling
with Memory / Semis underperforming the group. Defensives are leading Cyclicals with Credit Cards,
Defense, Energy, Insurance, and Restaurants acting as pockets of strength. Today’s macro data focus is on
Regional Fed activity indicators and 3x Fedspeakers as we kickoff a data-heavy week with 14x
Fedspeakers.
· EU/UK: Major markets are all higher ex-SX5E; this performance comes despite higher oil / yields. The
standout is UK Homebuilders following a new gov’t loan program to assist first time buyers; our JPM
basket is +11.7% or +5.8z which is also driving activity in other Short-focused baskets. Other notables are

Energy, Nuclear, and Buybacks higher with Semis, Aero/Def, and Ceasefire baskets lower. Value / Quality
are leading, Growth / Momentum are lagging; Defensives over Cyclicals. UKX +0.5%, SX5E -0.1%,
SXXP +0.2%, DAX +0.2%. CSI -2.2%, HSI +0.5%, NKY -0.7%, ASX +0.2%, KOSPI -2.7%.
CATALYSTS TODAY (WEEK AHEAD)
· US MACRO DATA: Dallas Fed Mfg Activity at 10.30am ET.
· US EARNINGS: JEF, KMX, MTN
· GLOBAL MACRO DATA: N/A
JPM MARKET INTEL EQUITY & MACRO NARRATIVE
LAST WEEK
The SPX gained 1.2% pushing the index to ~55bp from ATHs. NDX added 3.3% and set a new ATH on
Tuesday. RTY lost 80bp and SPW lost 20bp, with both indices on a multi-week losing streak. Geopolitics
was the primary driver of price action with increased optimism on a US / Iran deal and the resumption of
the AI theme. WTI lost 3.8% ($3.67), closing the week at $92.41; however, this did not stop bond yields
from rising in response to a stronger growth impulse; the Flash PMIs point to an economy growing at ~5%
pace. The 10Y yield is +41bp MTD as bond vol has spiked.
SPX vs. MOVE INDEX [INVERTED]
Trump rejected the Iranian proposal to return to the MoU, but the two sides continue to have discussions,
per CNBC, even as Trump says that the kinetic offensive is likely to resume post-Midterm elections. For
context, here are some of the key events from last week: On Thursday, Iranian President Pezeshkian said
that Iran wanted a deal before US midterm election, suggesting a return to the previously negotiated MoU.

On Friday, it was reported that US and Iran negotiations are moving beyond the initial diplomatic phase to
a more technical phase. Iranian journalist Mohammad Ghaderi, in a post on X (here) says that US media
reports are incomplete and he posted the following:
Last week, we laid out 3 scenarios, and we think the framework still holds.
1. DEAL THIS WEEK [WEEK OF SEP 21] – here look for the US to see a short squeeze rally with RTY
leading as energy prices collapse and the yield curve bull steepens. We anticipate that EU would
outperform the US in this scenario given its higher oil sensitivity.
2. NO DEAL BUT NO ESCALATION – this is the status quo where AI / Tech lead as the US market
becomes increasingly concentrated similar to Monday’s price action where the SPX nearly printed a new
ATH, NDX did print a new ATH, and yet there were more stocks making a 52-week low than those that
made a 52-week high. Here we think NDX > EU > SPX with yields likely range-bound in this scenario but
with choppy crude prices choppy which trend lower.
3. NO DEAL WITH ESCALATION – a return to $100/bbl oil and the 10Y yield above 5% is the
assumption here, which would drive Equities lower, and we think that Tech / US would outperform on the
move lower.
US MKT INTEL VIEW
· TACTICALLY BULLISH – We moved to a Cautious / Neutral stance on Aug 31 given uncertainty from
the Fed, positioning, credit spreads, negative seasonality, and the Momentum unwind. We felt
concentrating books around a +NDX vs. -RTY trade made sense. Since that call, SPX is +75bp and the
+NDX / -RTY pair returned 7.9% with the US outperforming RoW. We now see a more favorable setup
for markets as bond yields find a level and oil prices are likely to trend lower, albeit in a choppy fashion.
· RATIONALE – (i) Macro Fundamentals – the Flash PMIs reflect stronger than expected / priced-in
growth which should support hiring, consumption, and corporate earnings. SPX EPS growth is tied to
nominal GDP growth, not real GDP growth, and current economic levels suggest that the earnings
expectations are too low; (ii) Consumer Strength – there are fears surrounding the Consumer’s ability to
navigate the inflation / rates environment and yet we continue to see spending defy expectations,
supporting the economy, and refuting the K-shaped hypothesis. Now, the labor market is improving and
supporting better consumer outcomes; (iii) Earnings Expectations – after printing a +52% earnings growth
in 26Q2 the market sees ~29% for 26Q3, which may prove light, as all 11 sectors are expected to see
positive revenue and positive EPS growth; (iv) Bond Yields May Stabilize – with growth inflecting higher
and inflation data expected to be flat-to-dovish yields may find support at these levels. Jay Barry sees the
10Y yield moving from 5.18% to 5.20% over the next month and then ending the year at 5.05%. This
would reduce bond vol and some of the bearish pressure on stocks; and, (v) Improving Technicals – here
we flag improving seasonality, the potential for heightened Retail investor participation, and light
positioning.
· SHORT-TERM CATALYSTS – (i) Inflation Data – this week we have both PCE and ISM-Mfg, the
latter’s Prices Paid component is an important forward-looking inflation data point with ISM-Srvcs Prices

Paid being more impactful. Hotter prints here could bear flatten the yield curve. CPI is on Oct 14 and the
Fed on Oct 28; (ii) Labor Markets – improvements here will help the growth story supporting the
Consumer story but with labor data we may be in a ‘Good News is Bad News’ mentality with the market
pricing in additional hikes as the growth story improves; (iii) AI Datapoints – the theme received a boost
from META’s Muse release and this week are OpenAI’s Dev Day and MU earnings; (iv) International
Data Impact on US Yields – Tokyo CPI, China PMIs / Industrial Profits
ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID vs. HEADLINE CPI YoY [3M LAGGED]
· LONGER-TERM CONCERNS – (i) Is the bond market underpricing the amount of Fed hikes in this
cycle? An economy, per Flash PMIs, that is growing 5% in real terms with increasing inflationary pressure
likely needs a stronger hiking cycle especially if hiring continues to strengthen which will increase wage
inflation; (ii) Does the market start to price in a 50bp move at any Fed meeting; (iii) When does Ag
inflation hit and does it bleed into Core Inflation? (iv) Can anything work beside Tech?
Source: Bloomberg
· MONETIZATION MENU – We still like Tech as a core Long but would no longer pair with a RTY short
given squeeze risk from a move lower in oil / yields, which points to using a derivative expression to play
the squeeze. Within Tech, there is likely to be a broadening with Semis and Mag7 potentially
outperforming the Tech tape. Software seems to be slowly gaining traction but remains a non-consensus
bullish play. The AI theme is likely to persist and we like owning the theme. Overall, we like Tech in the

near-term with earnings likely to provide additional support. Ex-Tech, we think you need to see the yield
curve bull steepening to see a persistent rally in Cyclicals; excluding AI-related plays, we favor Banks
given the growth reboot, potentially steeper yield curve, and favorable capital markets outlook. Rate
sensitives like Real Estate, Telecom, and Utilities may participate in a squeeze but we find those sectors
most likely to lag the SPX, ex-AI plays. The biggest catalyst would be a US / Iran deal which would
squeeze EU and RTY higher; plus, the COVID Reopening Theme (Airlines, Autos, Cruise Lines,
Discretionary, Hotels, etc) is another area of interest with a preference to play via options.
· OLD MONETIZATION MENU (SEP 21) – We maintain our core view of +Tech vs. -RTY and that Tech
view is a mix of Mag7, Memory, and Semis and would consider keeping the pair $-neutral or market
neutral. Early in hiking cycles, we tend to see USD bid higher and the yield curve flattening, combined
this is supportive of a move towards Secular Growth / MegaCap Tech. Given the likelihood of higher
yields and a stronger USD, we think the US can tactically outperform DM. That said, the fear / uncertainty
around AI may push the market into non-AI plays which puts Latam in focus as a long play; we like Brazil
/ Latam irrespective of one’s views on AI.
MAG7: FORWARD P/E vs. STANDARD DEVIATION
SOX: FORWARD P/E vs. STANDARD DEVIATION

SOFTWARE: FORWARD P/E vs. STANDARD DEVIATION
ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS
· EARNINGS PREVIEW (FACTSET) – 26Q3 expectations are for 11.9% revenue growth, 28.9%
earnings growth, with 15.0% margins. 26Q4 is expected to print 11.7% revenue growth and 2.5% earnings
growth. FY26 is expected to print 12.1% rev and 31.8% EPS growth. FY27 is expected to print 9.1% rev
and 15.2% EPS growth. For reference, 26Q2 say 15.6% revenue growth, 52.3% earnings growth and 17%
margins.
o SUPERLATIVES – this would be the third consecutive quarter of 10%+ revenue growth and 25%+
earnings growth. Margin expectations are for the second best quarter ever, a step down from 26Q2’s
17.0% but a step up from the previous record set in 26Q1 of 14.8%.

· FICC TIDBITS – (i) Jay Barry sees bond yields as being fairly valued in the front-end of the curve and
notes that yields rise ahead of the first hike, peaking 2-3 months later but that the curve flattening has been
stronger than what is typically seen in hiking cycles. While he remains neutral on duration he points to
NFP as a catalyst with positioning leaning long; (ii) Meera flags that USD valuations are cheap and
remains bullish USD.
· MACRO DATA, LAST WEEK – The key release was Flash PMIs where the Composite-PMI printed a
5-year high, pointing to an economy growing ~5% real GDP. Excluding COVID, this is the strongest
growth since 2015. The supply chain bottlenecks are among the worst in the survey’s ~20 year history,
excluding COVID. That combined with increases in hiring point to a stronger inflationary impulse. The
Equity market implication is that nominal GDP is increasing; SPX earnings growth moves monotonically
with nominal GDP.
SPX EPS GROWTH vs. NOMINAL GDP vs. REAL GDP
· MACRO DATA, THIS WEEK – NFP, PCE, and ISM-Mfg releases may adjust the market’s view on the
Fed hiking cycle. Feroli sees NFP printing +100k jobs with the unemployment rate staying at 4.1%,
though with risk of printing lower. He also sees JOLTS rising from 7.27mm to 7.40mm. On PCE, he sees
Core MoM printing 0.25% equating to a 3.3% YoY pace. Lastly, he sees ISM-MFG printing 54.5 vs. 54.6
prior month. Details on Feroli’s full note may be found here.
· OIL TIDBITS – our Energy / Utilities Sector Spec Brendan Henrici flags (i) that throughput is ~10mm
bpd up from a trough of 2mm bpd. A deal is unlikely to trigger a similar bearish response, in magnitude, in
crude compared to what happened earlier in the conflict where we saw a more than 20% decline from mid-
May to late-June. This speaks to the potential for a choppy, albeit weaker trend, with the ramification on
the yield curve being less substantial. (ii) there is a moderate amount of demand destruction in diesel-

related industries, e.g. airlines and trucking. So, this is something to watch as geopolitical conflicts persist.
(iii) Natasha took a look at a potential diesel export ban. The US consumes 3.6mm bpd of diesel and
exports 1.3 – 1.6mm bpd, so that could work as a salve to reduce inflationary pressure across Ags,
construction, shipping, and trucking; but, most of the diesel export supply is on the Gulf Coast with
insufficient pipelines to the east coast where diesel demand is the highest. She thinks that diesel prices
could move from ~$6.50/gal to $4.70/gal after 15 days and to $4.00/gal after 60 days. That said, keeping
an export ban in place for more than 30 days would likely compress refining margins and then reduce
incentives to make fuel. (iv) The Guardian flags that a US diesel export ban would put further pressure
upward pressure on EU fuel prices.
POSITIONING INTELLIGENCE – Weekly Wrap | Rate Risks and Health Hazards Offset by AI Optimism
SUMMARY: The continued rise in rates may have limited the stock market this week, but it didn’t cause a
major overall dent as AI optimism offset underperformance elsewhere. Overall positioning, flows, and
performance were little changed WoW as net positioning remains somewhat light while performance has
been middling (aside from Quants that continue to do well).
KEY POINTS:
Gross & net flows — small de-grossing, net flows split by region (Asia negative): Gross flows reversed
lower this week (-0.6z globally), led by APAC (-1.7z) and a smaller dip in N. Am. (-0.3z). Net flows were
mixed: strong selling in Asia (>-2z) vs. small buying in EMEA and flat in N. Am. Our US TPM also ticked
up (+0.2z 1wk) with positioning back to -0.1z / 40th %-tile, while EU TPM slipped further to the 17th %-
tile.
Defensives — persistent selling, Utilities positioning at historical lows: Higher rates continue to show up
in sector rotations, with Real Estate, Telecom, and Utilities among the most net sold industries over the
past 20d. Utilities has been hit hard and HF net exposure to the sector is now at new historical lows (-2.5z
vs. data since 2018), inversely tracking the rise in the US 10yr. Telecom is also at historical lows and Real
Estate at ~12m low
Biotech & Health Care — Clinical biotech unwind deepens, HC performance still a headwind: Health
Care crowding performance took another leg lower (L-S return spread -7% past 5d; -6% MTD), and
Biotech selling reflects positioning skews as Clinical Biotech was sold ~2z over 1wk and ~2.4z over 20d
(down ~15% past 4w), with a mix of longs sold and some shorts added pushing positioning to ~12m lows.
By contrast, Commercial Biotech saw ~2z net buying over 5d driven by >2z short covering. This is
consistent with broader HC de-risking as crowded HC performance remains under pressure (HC 60d
crowding returns near -20% and hovering around 5+ year lows, with gross flows around -3z lately).
Financials / Banks — BTD behavior emerging, but in LC Banks not Regionals: Financials were one of the
clearer HF “buy-the-dip” areas (+2z this past week), with buying driven by longs added and led by
Insurance (which had fallen the most). Within Banks, positioning is still light (net positioning ~4th %-tile
on a 12m basis), but the flow were split: Large Cap Banks were bought while Regionals continued to be
sold—suggesting investors are selectively re-risking (as Oct-Nov seasonality looks supportive).

Tech bounce — Mag7 re-risking and Semis bought, with retail sentiment turning back up: Tech
enthusiasm improved meaningfully alongside the price bounce: TMT drove much of the net buying, with
Mag7 bought nearly ~3z over the past 5d (and 20d), Semis +2z, and Software +1z. Retail sentiment for
Semis vs. Software has rebounded MTD after hitting >12m lows in early Sep, and while it’s only back to
around average levels, it leaves room for further upside if AI optimism persists.
US FIXED INCOME MARKETS WEEKLY – the multi-asset note is here
· CROSS-SECTOR (Barry / Herckis) – We forecast nonfarm payrolls increased 100k in September, with
the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.1%. We remain neutral on duration, though our bearish bias is
not as strong as it has been in recent weeks. Maintain 10s/20s/30s belly-cheapening butterflies. Maintain
2Yx3Y zero-coupon inflation swap shorts. Initiate 10-year IOTA longs. Implieds sit at or near their YTD
highs, which makes it optically attractive to sell volatility, but due to jump risk and event risk, we
recommend patience before initiating shorts. For investors who would like to initiate shorts, we
recommend selling 6Mx30Y straddles versus buying vega-neutral 1Yx30Y straddles, delta hedged daily.
We see October SOFR/FF (SERFFV6) fairly valued between -1.25bp and -1.75bp. December SOFR/FF
looks narrow relative to November, and SERFFX6/SERFFZ6 could flatten further. Mortgages continue to
underperform to IGs; compared to how rich other modest discounts have looked in 2026, 5s offer some
value. HG spreads have been resilient and appear ~7bp too tight.
· TREASURIES (Barry / Downie / Berke) – Both the front-end and intermediate sectors have moved back
in line with fundamental drivers, providing some near-term support for yields. 10-year yields have tracked
historical average behavior around the first hike, though flattening has been more decisive than average.
We stay neutral on duration given next week’s labor report and long position technicals. Maintain
10s/20s/30s belly-cheapening butterflies. Market functioning remains above medium-term averages
despite a pullback since July amid rising vol. We expect $380bn in net bill issuance from mid-October
through Thanksgiving, with the TGA briefly peaking above $1.05tn in late October, bringing reserves
below $2.9tn. We discuss the Treasury Market Conference, which discussed central clearing, TGA
investment in repo, and stablecoins/tokenized deposits. Breakevens continue to track the historical average
around initial hikes in a tightening cycle, pointing to narrowing. Maintain 2Yx3Y inflation swap shorts.
10-year IOTAs offer upside to further liquidity deterioration, trade near post-2022 tights, and look cheap
relative to SOFR swap spreads. Initiate 10-year IOTA longs.
· IG CREDIT (Rosenbaum / Mantri) – HG Corp spreads are resilient so far despite a more challenging
technical backdrop of sharply negative total returns leading to persistent outflows. High yields and light
long-end issuance is keeping spreads from going wider for now, though rate vol suggests they should be 5-
10bp wider. This week we feature an in-depth look at the question of 144A for life index inclusion in the
Bloomberg US Agg index. The 144A market has grown to $1.6tr and 80% of funds track the Agg index so
this question has significant market ramifications.
· HY CREDIT (Jantzen / Linares) – High-yield bond yields are above 8% for the first time since
Liberation Day and spreads concluded the week 9bp wider. Capital markets are functioning with
September already producing the second largest net issuance since June 2020. And despite the largest

weekly setback for prices since June, the leveraged loan asset is outperforming bonds by the widest
margin in four years in September (+203bp) including their largest weekly inflow since February 2025.


NEWS LINKS
· Iran Says Won’t Soften Demands After Trump Rejects Hormuz Offer (BBG)
· AI Whiplash Jolts Stocks as Sentiment Lurches From Fear to Greed (BBG)
· China’s Consumer Stocks Face Lost Decade as AI Steals Spotlight (BBG)
· Emerging Market Investors Shun Riskiest Bonds as US Yields Soar (BBG)
· Debt-hungry AI companies face increased risk as bond yields spike (CNBC)
· The 10-year Treasury yield is at its highest in nearly two decades. How we got here (CNBC)
· History shows financial calamities occur when rates rise rapidly like this: ‘Something always breaks’
(CNBC)
· Wall Street money takes back over from small investors as driving force of the stock market (CNBC)
· Corporate debt maturities set to test US borrowers as rates rise (RTRS)
· Fed's Hammack worried inflation expectations could deteriorate (RTRS)

· Fed's Schmid: Need to understand if AI "ecosystem" getting too big to fail (RTRS)
· France can't count on ECB to fix debt woes, central bank chief says (RTRS)
· In Brazil, frustration over cost of living undermines Lula's reelection bid (RTRS)
· How to Know When the AI Boom Is About to Go Bust (WSJ)
· Google Cloud, Accenture Launch Unit to Put AI Engineers On-Site With Customers (WSJ)
· Companies Plow Tariff Refunds Into Price Cuts, Appealing to Stretched Consumers (WSJ)
· Stocks Are Defying Surging Bond Yields. Here’s What History Says Could Come Next. (WSJ)
· North Korea Is Testing Swarm Attacks Mixing Drones and Missiles (WSJ)
WEEKLY ECONOMIC DATA / EARNINGS
US CALENDAR
ECONOMICS
· SEP 28 – Dallas Fed Mfg Activity at 10.30am ET.
· SEP 29 – FHFA House Price Index at 9am ET. Conf. Board Consumer Confidence/Present
Situation/Expectations and JOLTS Job Openings at 10am ET. Dallas Fed Services Activity at 10.30am ET.
· SEP 30 – Mortgage Applications at 7am ET. ADP Employment Change at 8.15am ET. Retail Inventories,
BEA Annual Revisions to GDP, PCE Price Index, GDP (2Q Revision), Goods Trade Balance and
Wholesale Inventories at 8.30am ET. MNI Chicago PMI at 9.45am ET.
· OCT 1 – Challenger Job Cuts at 5.30am ET. Initial/Continuing Jobless Claims and Initial Claims 4-Wk
Moving Avg at 8.30am ET. PMI-Mfg (revision) at 9.45am ET. ISM-Mfg (New Orders/Employment/Prices
Paid) and Construction Spending at 10am ET.
· OCT 2 – NFP, Unemployment Rate and Average Hourly Earnings at 8.30am ET. Factory Orders at 10am
ET.
EARNINGS
· SEP 28 – JEF, KMX, MTN
· SEP 29 – CCL, CNXC, CRML, GLND
· SEP 30 – CAG, FDS, JBL, MU
· OCT 1 – MKC, NKE
· OCT 2 – USDE
GLOBAL CALENDAR
· SEP 28 – N/A

· SEP 29 – (UK) Mortgage Approvals and Money Supply M4 at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) Consumer
Confidence (revision) at 5am ET. (Canada) GDP at 8.30am ET. (Japan) Retail Sales and IP at 7.50pm ET.
(China) PMIs at 9.30pm ET. (China) RatingDog PMIs at 9.45pm ET.
· SEP 30 – (Japan) Housing Starts at 1am ET. (UK) GDP (revision) and Private Consumption (revision) at
2am ET. (Japan) Machine Tool Orders (revision) at 2am ET. (France) CPI/PPI at 2.45am ET. (Germany)
Unemployment Change at 3.55am ET. (Germany) CPI/PPI at 8am ET. (Japan) Tankan Large Mfg Index
and Japan Buying Foreign Bonds at 7.50pm ET. (Japan) PMIs (revision) at 8.30pm ET.
· OCT 1 – (Eurozone) PMIs (revision) at 4am ET. (UK) PMIs (revision) at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone)
Unemployment Rate at 5am ET. (Canada) PMIs at 9.30am ET. (Japan) Tokyo CPI/PPI, Jobless Rate at
7.30pm ET. (Japan) Monetary Base at 7.50pm ET.
· OCT 2 – (Eurozone) CPI/PPI at 5am ET.
NEAR TERM CATALYSTS – CPI (Oct 14, Nov 10, Dec 10), ISM-Mfg (Oct 1, Nov 2, Dec 1), ISM-Srvcs
(Oct 5, Nov 4, Dec 3), PMI-Mfg and PMI-Srvcs (Oct 23, Nov 23, Dec 16), NFP (Oct 2, Nov 6, Dec 4),
PCE (Sep 30, Oct 29), Retail Sales (Sep 16, Oct 15). FED DATES: Oct 28, Dec 9
AI / TECH CATALYSTS
· OCT 13-15 – SEMICON West, SF
· OCT 20-22 – NVIDIA GTC Berlin
· OCT 25-28 – Oracle AI World Tour 2026
· NOV 17-20 – Microsoft Ignite, SF
· NOV 30 – DEC 4 – AWS re:Invent.
POLITICAL CATALYSTS
· OCT 4 – Brazil General Election (First Round).
· OCT 4 – OPEC+ Meeting
· OCT 12-18 – IMF-World Bank Annual Meeting
· OCT 25 – Brazil General Election (Runoff).
· OCT 27 – Israel Legislative Election
· NOV 1 – Expiration of the one-year trade truce agreement between Trump and Xi.
· NOV 3 – US Mid-term Election.
· NOV 18-19 – APEC Economic Leaders Meeting (Shenzhen, China).
· DEC 11 – US Government Funding deadline (The Hill)
· DEC 15-16 – G20 Summit in Miami

· JAN 10, 2027 – US and China have agreed to extend the trade truce through January 20, 2027 (NBC)
Source: J.P. Morgan Market Intelligence, Andrew Tyler, as of 28 September 2026.
