JPM Tyler - Morning Briefing: Fut higher led by Tech; Bullish
Credit Signal; MU / PCE post mortem; ISM Preview; Trading Desk
Conf Call 1 Oct 2026
Andrew Tyler  ·  JPMorgan  ·  JPM US Market Intelligence
Thu 1 Oct 2026, 5:45am ET
OCTOBER 1, 2026
IDEAS & INSIGHTS – IN BRIEF
· MKT THOUGHTS – The near-term setup plus color on bond moves, a bullish Credit signal triggered,
ISM-Mfg preview, MU post-mortem, PCE thoughts
· US MKT INTEL VIEW – we return to our Tactically Bullish view and update the Monetization Menu
· 26Q3 EARNINGS PREVIEW – 26Q3 expectations are for 11.9% revenue growth, 28.9% earnings
growth, with 15.0% margins vs. 26Q2 printed 15.6% revenue growth, 52.3% earnings growth and 17%
margins.
· MKT INTEL CONSUMER CASH PILE – updated for September, a copy of the note is here
· MKT INTEL MIDTERM ELECTION UPDATE – published on Sep 30, a copy is here
· INTEL INSIGHTS CONF CALL – Sales & Trading Views on Macro, Midterms, and Earnings Season
Setup. Speakers include Mischa Aikman (Head, North American Institutional Commodity Sales), Luca
Rainero (Head, Data Intel), John Schlegel (Head, Data Assets & Alpha Group / Positioning Intel), and
Andrew Tyler (Head, Market Intel). Webinar is Oct 8 at 10am ET with replay available. Please register
here.
JPM MARKET INTEL MORNING UPDATES
· SPX +0.2%, NDX +0.6%, RTY -0.2%. WTI +206bps at $92.28, NatGas -238bps to $2.95, UK NatGas
+206bps to £1.8686, Gold +7bps to $4,160, Silver +1bps to $60.43, 10Y @ 5.317%, and VIX @ 16.56.
· US: Futures are higher, led by Tech. RTY struggles in the face of higher bond yields; more than 40% of
the index are unprofitable companies though squeeze risk exists with a MidEast deal. Yields are 1-3bp
higher with longer-dated yields continuing to make multi-decade highs; this is a growth story as the bond
market reprices around a higher R*, which should be digested by Equities. Recall, the 10Y yield averaged
6.65% for the decade of the 1990s and stocks were fine. That said, bonds are oversold but may take some
time to find a support level. USD continues its bull run, setting a new 52-wk high this morning. Cmdtys
are mixed but higher with crude and Ags leading; Base over Precious with gold/silver flat. In Eqys, there
is a broad-based Tech rally with Mag7, Memory, Semis, and Software all higher pre-mkt. The AI theme is
boosting Indu / Utils while the other sectors are lagging. In the near-term, with yields / dollar higher, the
market seems comfortable reverting to portions of the Q2 playbook which was dominated by Tech /

Semis. Today’s macro data focus is on ISM-Mfg which gives another look at growth vs. inflation with
NFP tmrw, which may have an upside surprise given the ADP print yesterday. Feels like if unemployment
stays 4.0%, or higher, then bonds will not move to price add’l hikes.
· EU/UK: Major markets are all lower as EU is seeing a 1-2.5z move lower across its major indices as the
region acts as a funding short for US / Asia Tech plays. Yields are higher following the US moves
yesterday, with some longer-dated bonds seeing multi-year highs. Semis and AI plays are leading with
French names, UK Homebuilders, and Ceasefire plays are sold. Growth / Quality are leading, Value / Beta
are lagging; Cyclicals over Defensives. APAC had a stronger session led by Japan, supported by the AI
trade in Korea / Taiwan with Australia the notable laggard. UKX -1.5%, SX5E -0.9%, SXXP -1.0%, DAX
-0.8%. CSI +0.3%, HSI +0.4%, NKY +3.3%, ASX -2.0%, KOSPI +1.9%.
CATALYSTS TODAY (WEEK AHEAD)
· US MACRO DATA: Challenger Job Cuts at 5.30am ET. Initial/Continuing Jobless Claims and Initial
Claims 4-Wk Moving Avg at 8.30am ET. PMI-Mfg (revision) at 9.45am ET. ISM-Mfg (New
Orders/Employment/Prices Paid) and Construction Spending at 10am ET.
· US EARNINGS: MKC, NKE
· GLOBAL MACRO DATA: (Eurozone) PMIs (revision) at 4am ET. (UK) PMIs (revision) at 4.30am ET.
(Eurozone) Unemployment Rate at 5am ET. (Canada) PMIs at 9.30am ET. (Japan) Tokyo CPI/PPI, Jobless
Rate at 7.30pm ET. (Japan) Monetary Base at 7.50pm ET.
JPM MARKET INTEL EQUITY & MACRO NARRATIVE
The PCE print was another step in climbing the near-term wall of worry; and when combined with
income, spending, and Q2 revisions points to an economy that is strong and getting stronger. There are
risks to overheating but the PCE print, plus Fed’s Williams comments on Tuesday, have reduced October
hike expectations from 70% on Monday to 37% yesterday. Bond yields and bond vol continue to present
challenges for stocks, with the 10Y yield reversing higher ~11bp yesterday, closing +6bp. The bear
steepening from a more moderate twist steeper post-PCE shifted flows from an RTY-led squeeze to a
concentrated Tech trade. Mag7 and Software led the Tech tape with Semis up small and Memory lagging
by more than 2%. Today’s ISM-MFG is an important print, too. While we want to see a positive headline
number the Prices Paid sub-index may be more important given the current state of inflation risk. ISM
Prices Paid sub-indices tend to precede moves in CPI by 2-3 months; ISM-Srvcs Prices Paid being the
more impactful given the percentage of GDP generated by Services.
ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID vs. HEADLINE CPI [3M LAGGED]

HEADLINE CPI vs. ISM-MFG PRICES PAID vs. ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID
· BONDS (ALEXA HANELIN) – Bear steeper we go and at this point the move feels less about an
inflation response given the data this morning and more about the exceptional growth story, with profits
and consumption continuing to outpace other DMs. Two theories: (1) A more benign pace of core inflation
arguably gives the Fed room to move more gradually, which reduces the risk of breaking something; (2)

the longer we take to get to "terminal" the longer it takes to get inflation back down to target. Add the
fiscal backdrop and term premium remains under pressure.
o 10s are ~4bp cheaper and 30s ~7bp cheaper, with 5s30s another ~4.5bp steeper today. Equities aren’t
blinking at higher yields either, which only makes it harder for duration to find a natural circuit breaker.
o FLOWS: We have seen much better buying today, although it’s been very concentrated in the belly . The
buying is wide spread, banks, extension asset managers, foreign RM. We've seen both buying in spreads
AND receiving outright in the forwards and forward curves.
· CREDIT, GET BULLED UP (SAUL DOCTOR) – His Fear & Greed Index has breached oversold levels
(>80 is the trigger level and currently sits at 83). He tells us that, “ the past few weeks have seen CDS
spreads widen across the board. The genesis of this widening has been the rise in rates and rates volatility;
TLT 3-month ATM implied volatility has risen from 10% to 15% over the past few months. This has
worried investors who have reached for macro hedges in CDS indices and options … CDX.IG is just shy
of 60bp, 6bp off the YTD wides. Given the steep credit curves in the market, the 3-month time-value of
CDX.IG is now 30c, suggesting that even if spreads moved back to the wides, this would be recouped
within three months.”
· ISM-MFG (FEROLI) – Feroli sees the print coming in a touch lower, 54.5 vs. 54.6 prior month. He flags
continued strength from new orders and output, though ISM has been lagging PMI levels. Feroli is
concerned about inflationary pressure due to higher energy prices and is tracking input prices.
Source: JPM Economics
· MU POST-MORTEM (JOSH MEYERS) – Overall it was a strong print and a solid guide, with much of
the story reinforced in the prepared commentary that I referenced in my First Blush below (one thing other
positive thing I missed in my earlier commentary was the team’s comment that they “anticipate F1Q to be
the floor for gross margins in fiscal 2027," and their explanation that it was due mainly to one-off labor
costs).
o After some early strength, however, the stock up over 4% started to come under pressure - eventually
flipping negative. There was no obvious reason. Some pointed to Sanjay’s commentary (which had
already been disclosed in the presentation and printout) that F2H27 capex would be greater than F1H – but
with no specification of how much greater. Others felt – controversially - that the server commentary
sugar-coated de-specing ("We expect server unit growth in the high-teens percentage range in both
calendar 2026 and 2027. This strong server unit growth is supported by a modestly lower rate of content
growth than prior expectations, amid tight memory supply."). Still others grumbled that they wanted more
clarity on when capital return plans get them to a 100% payout (We only got “The company expects to
reach its target cash level by the end of fiscal Q1, after which excess cash will primarily be returned via
share repurchases—with capital return intended to increase over time”). Is there some M&A in the wings?
In fairness, though, why risk political pushback before exiting Chips? Still others simply fixated on: “do
people take their numbers up or down after this call.” And some even nitpicked the increase in Days of
Inventory.

o One other small but interesting point was Sanjay’s answer to Harlan’s question that seemed to leave the
door open to them deciding to go for less than 50% LTA coverage, which I do think would be a change
from the existing investment thesis.
o The rest of the call was simply a question of do you agree with the team’s expectation that the supply-
demand environment tightens further in 2027 and 2028, and that LTAs and buybacks make this a unique
cycle.
o I suspect that in a neutral market shares trade higher tomorrow, but I look forward to your
feedback/pushback….
· PCE THOUGHTS (ABIEL REINHART) – The August core PCE deflator rose 0.25%m/m, in line with
our expectations, but the over-year-ago rate was 3.01%, well below our 3.28% forecast, and the three-
month pace is only 2.05%. That being said, there can be a lot of short-run variation here, and the revised
path of the over-year-ago rate, while lower than it was previously, is still at or just above 3.0% in each of
the last six months, which is in turn faster than where it was last year (2.9%). In other words, a little bit
lower level, but not a lot of progress back toward 2% in the over-year-ago rate. The over-year-ago rate for
July was revised down 36bp, which we estimate came largely from the methodology revisions to software,
portfolio management fees, and legal services. Elsewhere in the report, real spending rose 0.6%m/m, close
to our forecast; it would take another 0.2%m/m in September to get us to our quarterly projection of 3.5%.
The saving rate was also revised up, not too surprising at this point, with July revised from 3.0% to 4.6%.
It then declined to 4.1% in August. Although the level of the saving rate is now higher, the downward
trajectory of the last couple years is intact.
o MKT INTEL – This is a great print for bulls with inflation coming in below expectations with prior
month being revised lower. Plus, Q2 has stronger growth with less inflation than previously thought. For
reference, the previous 3 Core PCE MoM prints were 0.2% (July) , -0.1% (June) , and 0.5% (May); Core
YoY there were 3.34% (July), 3.34% (June), and 3.46% (May). These numbers were written ahead of
today’s revisions. This should help pull bond yields lower form 2s to 10s with the potential upside to
yields coming with a stronger ISM-MFG (incl. Prices Paid) tmrw and Friday’s NFP which may have some
upside based on the ADP print. This is the type of print that we expected for PCE (inline to dovish),
supportive of stocks but with inflation expectations moving lower with the front-end of the yield curve this
should trigger a squeezy session today with broad participation. If the balance of this week’s data
continues this trend, look for EU to outperform the US, RTY to lead both SPX and NDX, but to see a
broad-based rally.
NEW NIKOS – his full note is here; summary by Marissa Gitler
· EQUITIES – Leverage/positioning excesses that unwound in June/July have partly rebuilt: equity futures
leverage near YTD highs, broad positioning peaked in September, SPY short interest bottoming, semis
short-covering exhausted, CTAs rebuilding tech-index longs, leveraged-ETF AUM back to ~70% of its
April–June range, and margin-account leverage still very elevated (barely dented by the summer
deleveraging). But the downside is cushioned fundamentally: rising memory prices, hyperscaler capex

revised up sharply (2026E $805bn, 2027E $1.1tr), and firming AI-compute (Hopper) rental prices. A
renewed shock looks like a dip-to-buy in tech/AI rather than a regime change.
· BONDS – Strong equity returns drove rebalancing inflows into bonds (explains ~half the flow gap), but
the duration impulse is weak (2026 duration-adjusted flow ~half the nominal pace), so inflows aren't
anchoring yields. Bond investors also find themselves longer duration than desired as central-bank
repricing hit
· FX – Spec and CTA positioning are short EUR / long USD (DXY > 100, EUR < 1.14), yet the euro
trades firmer than that implies. The likely driver is corporate hedgers who had drifted long-EUR / short-
USD are now scrambling back toward neutral, pressuring EUR down and USD up, a flow that still has
room to run
US MKT INTEL VIEW
· TACTICALLY BULLISH – We moved to a Cautious / Neutral stance on Aug 31 given uncertainty from
the Fed, positioning, credit spreads, negative seasonality, and the Momentum unwind. We felt
concentrating books around a +NDX vs. -RTY trade made sense. Since that call, SPX is +75bp and the
+NDX / -RTY pair returned 7.9% with the US outperforming RoW. We now see a more favorable setup
for markets as bond yields find a level and oil prices are likely to trend lower, albeit in a choppy fashion.
· RATIONALE – (i) Macro Fundamentals – the Flash PMIs reflect stronger than expected / priced-in
growth which should support hiring, consumption, and corporate earnings. SPX EPS growth is tied to
nominal GDP growth, not real GDP growth, and current economic levels suggest that the earnings
expectations are too low; (ii) Consumer Strength – there are fears surrounding the Consumer’s ability to
navigate the inflation / rates environment and yet we continue to see spending defy expectations,
supporting the economy, and refuting the K-shaped hypothesis. Now, the labor market is improving and
supporting better consumer outcomes; (iii) Earnings Expectations – after printing a +52% earnings growth
in 26Q2 the market sees ~29% for 26Q3, which may prove light, as all 11 sectors are expected to see
positive revenue and positive EPS growth; (iv) Bond Yields May Stabilize – with growth inflecting higher
and inflation data expected to be flat-to-dovish yields may find support at these levels. Jay Barry sees the
10Y yield moving from 5.18% to 5.20% over the next month and then ending the year at 5.05%. This
would reduce bond vol and some of the bearish pressure on stocks; and, (v) Improving Technicals – here
we flag improving seasonality, the potential for heightened Retail investor participation, and light
positioning.
· SHORT-TERM CATALYSTS – (i) Inflation Data – this week we have both PCE and ISM-Mfg, the
latter’s Prices Paid component is an important forward-looking inflation data point with ISM-Srvcs Prices
Paid being more impactful. Hotter prints here could bear flatten the yield curve. CPI is on Oct 14 and the
Fed on Oct 28; (ii) Labor Markets – improvements here will help the growth story supporting the
Consumer story but with labor data we may be in a ‘Good News is Bad News’ mentality with the market
pricing in additional hikes as the growth story improves; (iii) AI Datapoints – the theme received a boost
from META’s Muse release and this week are OpenAI’s Dev Day and MU earnings; (iv) International
Data Impact on US Yields – Tokyo CPI, China PMIs / Industrial Profits

ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID vs. HEADLINE CPI YoY [3M LAGGED]
· LONGER-TERM CONCERNS – (i) Is the bond market underpricing the amount of Fed hikes in this
cycle? An economy, per Flash PMIs, that is growing 5% in real terms with increasing inflationary pressure
likely needs a stronger hiking cycle especially if hiring continues to strengthen which will increase wage
inflation; (ii) Does the market start to price in a 50bp move at any Fed meeting; (iii) When does Ag
inflation hit and does it bleed into Core Inflation? (iv) Can anything work beside Tech?
· MONETIZATION MENU – We still like Tech as a core Long but would no longer pair with a RTY short
given squeeze risk from a move lower in oil / yields, which points to using a derivative expression to play
the squeeze. Within Tech, there is likely to be a broadening with Semis and Mag7 potentially
outperforming the Tech tape. Software seems to be slowly gaining traction but remains a non-consensus
bullish play. The AI theme is likely to persist and we like owning the theme. Overall, we like Tech in the
near-term with earnings likely to provide additional support. Ex-Tech, we think you need to see the yield
curve bull steepening to see a persistent rally in Cyclicals; excluding AI-related plays, we favor Banks
given the growth reboot, potentially steeper yield curve, and favorable capital markets outlook. Rate
sensitives like Real Estate, Telecom, and Utilities may participate in a squeeze but we find those sectors
most likely to lag the SPX, ex-AI plays. The biggest catalyst would be a US / Iran deal which would
squeeze EU and RTY higher; plus, the COVID Reopening Theme (Airlines, Autos, Cruise Lines,
Discretionary, Hotels, etc) is another area of interest with a preference to play via options.

· OLD MONETIZATION MENU (SEP 21) – We maintain our core view of +Tech vs. -RTY and that Tech
view is a mix of Mag7, Memory, and Semis and would consider keeping the pair $-neutral or market
neutral. Early in hiking cycles, we tend to see USD bid higher and the yield curve flattening, combined
this is supportive of a move towards Secular Growth / MegaCap Tech. Given the likelihood of higher
yields and a stronger USD, we think the US can tactically outperform DM. That said, the fear / uncertainty
around AI may push the market into non-AI plays which puts Latam in focus as a long play; we like Brazil
/ Latam irrespective of one’s views on AI.
ADDITIONAL THOUGHTS
· EARNINGS PREVIEW (FACTSET) – 26Q3 expectations are for 11.9% revenue growth, 28.9%
earnings growth, with 15.0% margins. 26Q4 is expected to print 11.7% revenue growth and 2.5% earnings
growth. FY26 is expected to print 12.1% rev and 31.8% EPS growth. FY27 is expected to print 9.1% rev
and 15.2% EPS growth. For reference, 26Q2 was 15.6% revenue growth, 52.3% earnings growth and 17%
margins.
o SUPERLATIVES – this would be the third consecutive quarter of 10%+ revenue growth and 25%+
earnings growth. Margin expectations are for the second best quarter ever, a step down from 26Q2’s
17.0% but a step up from the previous record set in 26Q1 of 14.8%.




NEWS LINKS
· Bond Selloff Resumes as Oil Rises After Trump Spurns Iran Offer (BBG)
· AI Breaches Add to Safety Fears as Trump Meets Anthropic Chief (BBG)
· Iran Officials Pessimistic About Deal With US Before Midterms (BBG)
· Saudi Arabia’s Crucial Oil Pipeline Starts Exports After Repairs (BBG)
· Anthropic, OpenAI Executives Urge Oversight of Self-Improving AI (BBG)
· Nvidia Share Buyback Plan Gets ＄150 Billion Boost (CNBC)
· Nvidia’s Jensen Huang: AI Distillation, China (CNBC)
· Treasury Yields, Bonds Selloff (CNBC)
· Warren, Senate: AI Subsidies; Meta, Google, Amazon, Microsoft (CNBC)
· US, Iran Set to Hold Separate Talks With Mediators Monday or Tuesday, Official Says (RTRS)
· Iran Insists Diplomatic Solution After Trump Rejects Peace Plan (RTRS)
· Nvidia Adds ＄150 Billion to Existing Share Repurchase Plan (RTRS)
· Stock Market Today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq (WSJ)
· Saudi Arabia Resumes Oil Exports via East-West Pipeline After Repairs, Sources Say (WSJ)
· Fed’s Cook Expects Continuing Inflation Pressure From AI Buildout in Coming Months (WSJ)

· Eurozone Inflation Set to Rise, But No Signs Yet of Becoming Entrenched, ECB’s Lagarde Says (WSJ)
WEEKLY ECONOMIC DATA / EARNINGS
US CALENDAR
ECONOMICS
· SEP 28 – Dallas Fed Mfg Activity at 10.30am ET.
· SEP 29 – FHFA House Price Index at 9am ET. Conf. Board Consumer Confidence/Present
Situation/Expectations and JOLTS Job Openings at 10am ET. Dallas Fed Services Activity at 10.30am ET.
· SEP 30 – Mortgage Applications at 7am ET. ADP Employment Change at 8.15am ET. Retail Inventories,
BEA Annual Revisions to GDP, PCE Price Index, GDP (2Q Revision), Goods Trade Balance and
Wholesale Inventories at 8.30am ET. MNI Chicago PMI at 9.45am ET.
· OCT 1 – Challenger Job Cuts at 5.30am ET. Initial/Continuing Jobless Claims and Initial Claims 4-Wk
Moving Avg at 8.30am ET. PMI-Mfg (revision) at 9.45am ET. ISM-Mfg (New Orders/Employment/Prices
Paid) and Construction Spending at 10am ET.
· OCT 2 – NFP, Unemployment Rate and Average Hourly Earnings at 8.30am ET. Factory Orders at 10am
ET.
EARNINGS
· SEP 28 – JEF, KMX, MTN
· SEP 29 – CCL, CNXC, CRML, GLND
· SEP 30 – CAG, FDS, JBL, MU
· OCT 1 – MKC, NKE
· OCT 2 – USDE
GLOBAL CALENDAR
· SEP 28 – N/A
· SEP 29 – (UK) Mortgage Approvals and Money Supply M4 at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) Consumer
Confidence (revision) at 5am ET. (Canada) GDP at 8.30am ET. (Japan) Retail Sales and IP at 7.50pm ET.
(China) PMIs at 9.30pm ET. (China) RatingDog PMIs at 9.45pm ET.
· SEP 30 – (Japan) Housing Starts at 1am ET. (UK) GDP (revision) and Private Consumption (revision) at
2am ET. (Japan) Machine Tool Orders (revision) at 2am ET. (France) CPI/PPI at 2.45am ET. (Germany)
Unemployment Change at 3.55am ET. (Germany) CPI/PPI at 8am ET. (Japan) Tankan Large Mfg Index
and Japan Buying Foreign Bonds at 7.50pm ET. (Japan) PMIs (revision) at 8.30pm ET.
· OCT 1 – (Eurozone) PMIs (revision) at 4am ET. (UK) PMIs (revision) at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone)
Unemployment Rate at 5am ET. (Canada) PMIs at 9.30am ET. (Japan) Tokyo CPI/PPI, Jobless Rate at

7.30pm ET. (Japan) Monetary Base at 7.50pm ET.
· OCT 2 – (Eurozone) CPI/PPI at 5am ET.
NEAR TERM CATALYSTS – CPI (Oct 14, Nov 10, Dec 10), ISM-Mfg (Oct 1, Nov 2, Dec 1), ISM-Srvcs
(Oct 5, Nov 4, Dec 3), PMI-Mfg and PMI-Srvcs (Oct 23, Nov 23, Dec 16), NFP (Oct 2, Nov 6, Dec 4),
PCE (Sep 30, Oct 29), Retail Sales (Sep 16, Oct 15). FED DATES: Oct 28, Dec 9
AI / TECH CATALYSTS
· OCT 13-15 – SEMICON West, SF
· OCT 20-22 – NVIDIA GTC Berlin
· OCT 25-28 – Oracle AI World Tour 2026
· NOV 17-20 – Microsoft Ignite, SF
· NOV 30 – DEC 4 – AWS re:Invent.
POLITICAL CATALYSTS
· OCT 4 – Brazil General Election (First Round).
· OCT 4 – OPEC+ Meeting
· OCT 12-18 – IMF-World Bank Annual Meeting
· OCT 25 – Brazil General Election (Runoff).
· OCT 27 – Israel Legislative Election
· NOV 1 – Expiration of the one-year trade truce agreement between Trump and Xi.
· NOV 3 – US Mid-term Election.
· NOV 18-19 – APEC Economic Leaders Meeting (Shenzhen, China).
· DEC 11 – US Government Funding deadline (The Hill)
· DEC 15-16 – G20 Summit in Miami
· JAN 10, 2027 – US and China have agreed to extend the trade truce through January 20, 2027 (NBC)
Source: J.P. Morgan Market Intelligence, Andrew Tyler, as of 1 October 2026.
