US Payroll Preview
September 30, 2026
September Payroll Preview: +60k Gain Likely.
PSC Macro Webinar: Quick Take on Payrolls
Hosted by: Nancy Lazar, Chief Global Economist; Jake Oubina, Deputy Head
of Economic Research and Kurt Lewis, Head of Central Bank Policy
Moderated by: Danny Kirsch, Head of Options Strategy & Trading
Friday, October 2, 2026 | 8:45 a.m. ET
Register Here
We estimate September payrolls rose +60k (consensus +90k) –
down from August’s strong +162k print. We see the unemployment
rate holding steady at 4.1%, same as consensus.
Piper Sandler does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports.As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest
that could affect the objectivity of this report.Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decisions. This report should be read in
conjunctionwith important disclosure information found on page 14 of this report or at the following site:  http://www.pipersandler.com/researchdisclosures.
Chris Menzenski
212 257-4962
chris.menzenski@psc.com
Nancy R. Lazar
212 257-4960
Economics@psc.com

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
ADP’s monthly private employment measure climbed a solid +90k in
Sep, vs. +75k consensus, and Aug’s +36k (revised down -2k). ADP’s
recent m/m pickup echoes their weekly employment tracker, which
has also shifted higher.
PIPER SANDLER | 2

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
In addition, extremely low initial unemployment claims, and
rangebound continuing claims, continue pointing to healthy job
growth ...
PIPER SANDLER | 3

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
… with those gains broadening out, as signaled by the hook-up in
the employment diffusion index (measuring the breadth of sectors
adding headcount).
PIPER SANDLER | 4

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
However, the boost to Aug payrolls from state & local education
hiring (related to summer-recess seasonal-adjustment difficulties)
is likely to evaporate here in Sep, explaining our below-consensus
estimate.
PIPER SANDLER | 5

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
An important labor “green shoot”: A composite of regional Fed
manufacturing future employment plans is sitting near its cycle high,
pointing to stronger mfg hiring going forward.
PIPER SANDLER | 6

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
In addition, data center construction is boosting nonres construction
employment ...
PIPER SANDLER | 7

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
… but residential construction employment is likely to remain a
pocket of weakness, given depressed homebuilder confidence, amid
worsening affordability.
PIPER SANDLER | 8

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
PIPER SANDLER | 9

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
Back to the Sep labor market report, we estimate average hourly
earnings to gain +0.3% m/m (same as Aug), accelerating y/y to 3.2%
(vs. 3.1%). Consensus is +0.3% & 3.1%.
Going forward, AHE growth will likely steady, tracking the
stabilization in the JOLTS private quit rate, with the potential for a
2027 reacceleration.
PIPER SANDLER | 10

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
PIPER SANDLER | 11

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
The Conference Board’s Jobs Hard-Jobs Easy metric continues to
climb, suggesting consumers feel like the jobless rate is still trending
higher, even though the covered unemployment rate (continuing
claims divided by the number of employees “covered” by state
unemployment insurance) sits at a historically low 1.1%. Again,
we estimate headline unemployment held firm at 4.1% (same as
consensus).
PIPER SANDLER | 12

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
Best,
Chris and Nancy
PIPER SANDLER | 13

Macro Research | US Payroll Preview
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026
Research Disclosures
Piper Sandler does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have
a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment
decisions. This report should be read in conjunction with important disclosure information found at the end of this report or at the following site: http://
www.pipersandler.com/researchdisclosures.
Piper Sandler research analysts receive compensation that is based, in part, on overall firm revenues, which include investment banking revenues.
Affiliate disclosures: Piper Sandler is the trade name and registered trademark under which the corporate and investment banking products and services
of Piper Sandler Companies and its subsidiaries Piper Sandler & Co. and Piper Sandler Ltd. are marketed. This report has been prepared by Piper
Sandler & Co. and/or its affiliate Piper Sandler Ltd. Piper Sandler & Co. is regulated by FINRA, NYSE and the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission, and its headquarters are located at 350 North 5th Street, Minneapolis, MN 55401. Piper Sandler Ltd. is authorised and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority, and is located at 6th Floor, 2 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7QP. This report is distributed in the European Union by
Piper Sandler Europe SAS, a French “société par actions simplifiée” incorporated in France under the number RCS Paris 932 083 769, the registered
office of which is 10, place Vendôme, 75001, Paris, France. Piper Sandler Europe SAS is licensed as an investment firm by the Autorité de Contrôle
Prudentiel et de Résolution and supervised by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. Disclosures in this section and in the Other Important Information
section referencing Piper Sandler include all affiliated entities unless otherwise specified. Piper Sandler’s technical and quantitative products are based
on different methodologies, may contradict the opinions contained in fundamental research reports, and could impact the price of the subject security.
Recommendations based on technical and quantitative analysis are intended for the professional trader, while fundamental opinions are typically suited
for the longer-term institutional investor.
Other Important Information: The information in this report is based on data obtained from sources we deem to be reliable; it is not guaranteed as to
accuracy and does not purport to be complete. This report is solely for informational purposes and is not intended to be used as the primary basis of
investment decisions. Piper Sandler has not assessed the suitability of any security or company for any person. Because of individual client requirements,
it is not, and it should not be construed as, advice designed to meet the particular investment needs of any investor. This report is not an offer or the
solicitation of an offer to sell or buy any security. Unless otherwise noted, the price of a security mentioned in this report is the most recently available
closing market price. Piper Sandler does not maintain a predetermined schedule for publication of research and will not necessarily update this report.
Piper Sandler policy generally prohibits research analysts from sending draft research reports to subject companies; however, it should be presumed that
the author of this report has had discussions with subject companies to ensure factual accuracy prior to publication, and has had assistance from the
companies in conducting diligence, including visits to company sites and meetings with company management and other representatives.
Notice to customers: This material is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity if Piper Sandler is prohibited or
restricted by any legislation or regulation in any jurisdiction from making it available to such person or entity. Customers in any of the jurisdictions where
Piper Sandler and its affiliates do business who wish to effect a transaction in the securities discussed in this report should contact their local Piper
Sandler representative, or as otherwise noted below. Canada: Piper Sandler & Co. is not registered as a dealer in Canada and relies on the “international
dealer exemption” set forth in National Instrument 31-103 – Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations of the Canadian
Securities Administrators. This research report has not been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements of Dealer Member Rule 3400 –
Research Restrictions and Disclosure Requirements of the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada. United Kingdom: This material is for
the use of intended recipients only and only for distribution to professional and institutional investors, i.e. persons who are authorised persons or exempted
persons within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United Kingdom, or persons who have been categorised by Piper
Sandler Ltd. as professional clients under the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority. European Union: This material is intended only for institutional
investors (professional clients and eligible counterparties within the meaning of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU of
the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014)). Piper Sandler Europe SAS is licensed as an investment firm by the Autorité de Contrôle
Prudentiel et de Résolution and supervised by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers. United States: This report is distributed in the United States by Piper
Sandler & Co., member SIPC, FINRA and NYSE, Inc., which accepts responsibility for its contents. The securities described in this report may not have
been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and, in such case, may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they
have been so registered, or an exemption from the registration requirements is available.
This report is produced for the use of Piper Sandler customers and may not be reproduced, re-distributed or passed to any other person or published in
whole or in part for any purpose without the prior consent of Piper Sandler & Co. Additional information is available upon request.
Copyright 2026 Piper Sandler. All rights reserved.
Time of dissemination: 30 September 2026 11:37EDT.
PIPER SANDLER | 14
