US Watch - Quick Insights
 
02 Oct 2026
COOLER JOBS DATA TAKE HEAT OFF US
BONDS
Dario Perkins
Writing comments on US payrolls always reminds me of when I first started in this industry (and not just because
writing data commentary is sooo 2005, and I only do it now because Freya FORCES ME). I remember a colleague
standing up on the trading floor at ABN AMRO and reluctantly giving his payroll forecast for later that day. Nothing
remarkable there, except he called it a “low conviction call” and was loudly booed by the audience. Turns out,
traders only wanted “high conviction” sure-thing opinions that would definitely make them money.  (Who knew?!)
But my former colleague had a point; a point that is even more valid today. US payroll data have always been
volatile, but 2026 has taken that to new extremes. 
So, what did the BLS random number generator throw out this time? Non-farm payrolls rose just 29k in September,
less than expected (80k), and much weaker than last month’s (slightly-revised) 133k reading. That makes sense –
last month’s data were erratically strong, agitating all the hawks, so this one should be erratically weak, exciting all
the doves. The unemployment rate also ticked higher to 4.2% (from 4.1%), thanks to stronger participation
(generally a good thing) and wage growth was also v subdued, at just 0.1% MoM. Looking at the details, what we
are seeing is basically mild positive job growth across most sectors of the economy. In fact, only tech, finance,
business services and govt recorded negligible declines. That also looks like noise.
Where does this leave us? Pretty much where we were before. Quelle surprise! (As the French would say if they
weren’t preoccupied with the sudden implosion of their bond market...)  Big picture – the US labour market has
clearly turned the corner in 2026, but the reacceleration is not happening at a pace that should have the Fed
scrambling to raise interest rates aggressively. After hiking in September, there was always very little prospect of
an October move – as confirmed this week by various Fed officials. The US bond market agrees, and some of the
pressure on forward rates has eased. Looking ahead, we expect further labour market improvements into 2027,
and that should keep the Fed on a quarterly hiking path. But terminal pricing now looks about right. 
Page 1 of 2

Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report is
intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be
reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable but
are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or
agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is accurate, complete, or
reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts
or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it
may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this report can fall as well
as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have
a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report
and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients
should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the types of financial instrument or
investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No. 10232483
Page 2 of 2
