Vickie Chang 
+1(212)902-6915 | 
vickie.chang@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Global Markets Daily: Cross-Asset Opportunities in Oil Tail Scenarios
1 October 2026 | 4:20PM EDT
Further escalation in energy prices and higher yields remain among the main 
n
risks to a more constructive market view from here. But with significant risk 
premium now embedded on both fronts, relief in energy prices and yield 
pressures are also now the clearest path to immediate relief. 
The tail scenarios of oil sharply lower or higher are outcomes that could pose 
n
risks or opportunities for many investors, and we are often asked where leverage 
might be best for those oil-driven scenarios using our cross-asset frameworks. 
Compared to options pricing, oil higher or lower screens well for both tail 
n
scenarios because oil implied volatilities have not risen to their old highs. High 
implied volatility in rates combined with the offsetting effects of growth and 
policy for rates in an oil shock mean that they do not screen as the best exposure 
to a move in oil prices. Europe’s energy exposures mean that Europe-linked 
assets across asset classes screen well. Low FX implied volatilities mean that 
European FX screens as well as, or better than, equities as an expression of either 
scenario. 
Our baseline views on both oil and rates are more benign than current market 
n
pricing. We think there are more paths to relief than there have been in some 
time and that it makes sense to position for higher equities. But with risks to that 
view still easy to envisage, we would want that upside in protected format, or to 
protect against the tail risks to that view. There may be a role for hedges against 
some of the tail risks to a more benign view through optionality for higher index 
volatility and lower European equities or FX, which should perform well in an 
adverse oil scenario but may also be protective against broader risks. 
Cross-Asset Opportunities in Oil Tail Scenarios 
 
 
Energy prices have risen again. Oil is now above its pre-MOU levels and refined 
product prices have risen to new highs. Growth pricing has been resilient. Instead, 
the market has processed this primarily as a tightening shock that has changed its 
policy views. The resurgence in energy prices has come alongside a sharp rise in bond 
yields while equity prices have been resilient. 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 

 
There is significant uncertainty about the path forward on the geopolitical front. As our 
oil analysts have noted, there is a path to escalation and to even higher energy prices 
from here. Further escalation in energy prices and higher yields remain among the main 
risks to a more constructive market view from here. But with the market having now 
embedded significant risk premium in both energy prices and global front ends, relief in 
energy prices and yield pressures are also now the clearest path to immediate relief. 
Our baseline forecasts are for moderate relief in oil prices. But given the tails in both 
directions, we think it is helpful to think about where leverage might be best for those 
tail scenarios using our cross-asset frameworks. Those are among the outcomes that 
could pose the biggest risks or opportunities for many investors, depending on how they 
are currently positioned.  
We use our oil team’s price upside and downside scenarios as starting points. We 
benchmark an “oil relief” scenario as a ~25% fall in average short- and long-dated oil 
prices, and an “oil higher” scenario as a ~20% rise in average short- and long-dated oil 
prices. We assume that in the adverse “oil higher” scenario, longer-dated oil moves 
higher by more versus spot than in a “relief” scenario, as the market potentially prices 
more persistence in the supply shock. In each scenario, in line with the observed 
experience of the energy shock over the last several months, we assume that policy 
views tighten with a rise in oil prices and loosen with a fall in oil prices. We assume that 
most of the growth impact comes through the change in policy views (consistent with 
recent history) but also assume modest additional growth impacts—a modest global 
growth downgrade in the case of a rise in oil prices that is in line with our economists’ 
estimates of the effect of oil prices on growth, and a smaller growth upgrade in the case 
of a fall in oil prices. We compare estimated asset moves in each scenario with put- or 
call- option implied volatility as a way to see where there might be the most leverage 
available to each shock. This exercise suggests that: 
In an oil price relief scenario: oil falls, equities rise, the USD weakens against most 
1.
currencies except the currencies of oil exporters. The EUR and its satellite currencies 
strengthen by the most. Credit spreads tighten. Yields fall. 
In an adverse scenario where oil prices rise: oil rises, equities fall, the USD 
2.
strengthens but less so against oil exporters and most so against European 
 
Exhibit 1: Higher oil and higher yields again over the last 
three months 
 
Exhibit 2: Markets have priced a tightening shock and 
better growth as oil and yields have risen alongside 
resilient equities 
4.0
4.2
4.4
4.6
4.8
5.0
5.2
5.4
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
Oct-26
Oil (Brent Front Month) (left axis)
US 10y Yield (right axis)
$/bbl
%
Mar-26
May-26
Jul-26
Sep-26
-5
0
5
10
15
20
-5
0
5
10
15
20
Cumulative US growth shocks
Cumulative US policy shocks
Index, Mar. 1, 2026 = 0
Negative growth shock
Index, Mar.1, 2026 = 0
Positive growth shock
Hawkish policy shock
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

currencies. Credit spreads widen. Yields rise. 
 
On an options-adjusted basis: 
Oil screens well for both tail scenarios. 
n
In a relief scenario, equity upside screens well. European equities screen particularly 
n
well, but so do the S&P 500 and Nasdaq in the US. European FX also stands out—in 
particular CZK, HUF, and PLN. 
In an adverse scenario, European equity downside and VIX upside screen well. 
n
European currency weakness vs. USD also stands out. 
 
Exhibit 3: Oil, equities, and European currencies screen well on an options-adjusted basis in 
both tail scenarios 
Change
Vol-Scaled
Change
Vol-Scaled
Oil (1m)
-28%
-2.37
16%
1.73
Equities
S&P 500
5.2%
1.50
-3.5%
-0.72
Nasdaq 100
7.5%
1.42
-4.8%
-0.72
Russell 2000
5.7%
1.13
-4.0%
-0.65
Eurostoxx 50
7.0%
1.75
-5.4%
-1.05
DAX Index
7.0%
1.71
-5.3%
-1.00
FTSE 100
3.1%
0.97
-2.7%
-0.65
MSCI EM
4.7%
0.73
-3.5%
-0.47
Vol & Credit
VIX
-26%
-1.56
24%
0.91
CDX
-7bp
-1.15
6bp
0.65
CDX HY
-34bp
-1.01
29bp
0.59
ITRAXX
-10bp
-1.49
10bp
0.87
ITRAXX XOVER
-42bp
-1.32
38bp
0.78
FX vs. USD
EUR
2.1%
1.22
-1.8%
-0.90
CZK
3.3%
1.65
-2.8%
-1.21
HUF
5.0%
1.64
-3.9%
-1.07
PLN
4.3%
1.82
-3.5%
-1.22
GBP
1.1%
0.60
-0.9%
-0.44
CHF
2.0%
0.96
-1.3%
-0.66
SEK
3.2%
1.19
-2.6%
-0.89
CAD
-0.5%
-0.39
0.1%
0.08
AUD
1.7%
0.81
-1.4%
-0.57
NZD
2.2%
0.91
-1.6%
-0.60
MXN
0.9%
0.33
-1.1%
-0.29
JPY
1.6%
0.56
-0.9%
-0.39
CNH
0.8%
1.18
-0.6%
-0.77
SGD
1.1%
0.99
-0.9%
-0.78
USD TWI
-0.9%
--
0.9%
--
Rates
UST 10y
-33bp
-1.17
18bp
0.59
Oil Relief
Oil Higher
Relief
Adverse
- Vol-scaled returns are estimated returns vs. 3m 25d call or put implied volatility, deannualized to 1 month.
- All FX changes are in XXX vs. USD terms. A positive change implies currency strength vs. USD, a negative 
change implies currency weakness vs. USD.
- Asset sensitivities estimated on 2010-2025 sample period, except CHF and CNH (2016-2025).
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
1 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

Exhibit 3 highlights a few general conclusions. Oil screens well because oil implied 
volatilities are more subdued than in the earlier periods of the Iran War. Rates volatility 
has risen sharply and while the directional moves are clear in both scenarios, high 
implied volatilities combined with the offsetting effects on rates of growth and policy on 
rates in an oil shock mean that they do not screen as the best exposure to a move in oil 
prices. Europe’s exposure to energy prices means that Europe-linked assets across asset 
classes screen well to both a rise and fall in oil prices. Low FX-implied volatilities mean 
that European FX screens as well as, or better than, equities as an expression of either 
scenario. 
As always, there are limits to this sort of approach. 
The magnitudes of these scenarios could easily be different. The rise in oil prices in an 
adverse scenario that we show here is clearly not an upper bound and it is easy to 
imagine a larger shock. But if we have assumed the “right” mix of macro shocks (oil, 
policy, growth), then the rank ordering of assets in each scenario would remain the 
same, so this exercise is still helpful in informing the relative sensitivity of assets to each 
scenario. 
The mix of macro shocks that we have assumed matters more. In particular, the growth 
shifts that we have assumed are important to the responses across assets. 
If the growth impacts were different, then that would likely shift the preference between 
rates and equities in each scenario, to some degree. With more of a growth upgrade in 
an “oil price relief” scenario than we have assumed, cyclical assets like equities would 
look even better relative to rates. With less growth relief, then rates would look better 
relative to equities than they currently do. In contrast, in an adverse scenario, if the 
market focused less on growth downside and solely on policy, then higher rates would 
screen better versus equities than they currently do. But if a further rise in oil prices 
instead caused the market to worry about the resilience of global growth, then equities 
would fall further and yields (still caught between policy and growth) would screen less 
well. 
Our broad cross-asset framework can also miss asset-specific nuances. For example, the 
VIX is already at very low levels and reflects low levels of implied correlation and lower 
single-stock volatility than much of the last few months. So it likely has less room to fall 
than “usual” and than our model estimates imply in a relief scenario. But that also means 
that higher index volatility likely is genuinely attractive as protection against an adverse 
macro outcome. 
1 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

 
Our baseline views on both oil and rates are more benign than current market pricing, 
and so we think there are more paths to relief than there have been in some time. That 
path is likely to look directionally similar to, but smaller than, the oil relief scenario laid 
out here. As a result, we think it makes sense to position for higher equities, especially 
with options pricing still making it possible to do that in protected forms. But with risks 
to that view still easy to envisage, we would want that upside in protected format, or to 
protect against the tail risks to that view. There may be a role for hedges against some of 
the tail risks to a more benign view through optionality for higher index volatility or 
lower European equities or FX in part because we find that they perform well here in an 
adverse oil scenario and in part because they may also be protective against broader 
risks. 
 
Best Trade Ideas Across Assets 
For pricing and a list of previous recommendations, please visit our Trade Ideas page. 
Stay short SGD/MYR, opened January 24, 2026, at 3.13, with a target at 2.90 and a 
1.
stop at 3.30, currently trading at 3.20. 
Stay long TRY, NGN and KZT against the USD, as an equally weighted basket, opened 
2.
February 18, 2026, at 0%, with a revised total return target at 12%, and a revised 
stop at 7%, currently trading at 10.8%. 
Stay long 3y SOFR swap spread, opened April 17, 2026, at -22.6bp, with a revised 
3.
target at -12bp inclusive of carry; and a revised stop at -17.5bp, trading at -17.0bp. 
 
Exhibit 4: Lower index vol and low correlation in equities and low vol in FX is helping to make 
protected upside exposure or tail hedges available 
92
79
49
42
24
2
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
3m S&P 500
Average Single
Stock Implied
Volatility
US 10y yield 3m
Implied Volatility
USD/JPY 3m
Implied Volatility
3m S&P 500 Implied
Vol
EUR/USD 3m
Implied Volatility
3m S&P 500 Implied
Correlation
15y Percentile Rank 
Percentile
Percentile
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
 
1 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

Stay short USD/EGP, opened April 24, 2026, at 0%, with a revised total return target 
4.
at 12% and a revised stop at 5%, currently trading at 7.5%. 
Stay short AUD/NZD, via 6m (14 Jan 2027) 1.1650 puts, opened July 14, 2026, at 
5.
1.2000, currently trading at 1.23. 
Stay long NIFTY Banks vs. short NIFTY Pharma, opened July 15, 2026, at 100 in local 
6.
currency (INR), with a target at 115 and a stop at 90, currently trading at 93. 
Stay short PLN/HUF, opened August 5, 2026, at 84.12, with a target at 80.5 and a 
7.
stop at 87, currently trading at 83.96. 
Stay short EUR/AUD, opened September 4, 2026, at 1.6123, with a target at 1.5750 
8.
and a stop at 1.6520, currently trading at 1.6310. 
Stay long INR/IDR, opened September 4, 2026, at 187, with a target at 200 and a 
9.
stop at 178, currently trading at 187. 
Stay short SGD/CNH, opened September 4, 2026, at 5.29, with a target at 5.00 and a 
10.
stop at 5.50, currently trading at 5.25. 
Pay CHF 1y1y against EUR 1y1y, opened September 11, 2026, at 3.02, with a target 
11.
at 2.65 and a stop at 3.25, currently trading at 3.03. 
Receive 5Y HUF IRS, opened 17 September, 2026, at 5.50%, with a target at 4.90% 
12.
and a stop at 5.80%, currently trading at 5.72%. 
2s10s PLN IRS steepeners, opened 17 September, 2026, at 61bp, with a target at 
13.
100bp and a stop at 45bp, currently trading at 55bp. 
Stay long in equal weight BUX Index and ASE Index vs. short PX Index, opened 17 
14.
September, 2026, at 100 in USD, with a target of 115 and a stop at 90, currently 
trading at 102. 
Stay long MXMU Energy vs. Industrials, opened 17 September, 2026, at 100 in USD, 
15.
with a target at 115, and a stop at 90, currently trading at 102. 
Pay 5s on the 2s5s10s fly JGB, opened 18 September, 2026, at -8.6bp, with a target 
16.
at 2bp, and a stop at -13bp, currently trading at -6.3bp. 
Stay long MYR/THB, opened 18 September, 2026, at 8.14, with a target at 8.60, and 
17.
a stop at 7.80, currently trading at 8.24. 
Receive 2Y KRW IRS, opened 18 September, 2026, at 3.97%, with a target at 3.60%, 
18.
and a stop at 4.30%, currently trading at 3.97%.
1 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Vickie Chang, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced by 
considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Vickie Chang Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
1 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
1 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 

marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
1 October 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Global Markets Daily
 
 
