GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 2 Oct 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, Global Banking & Markets
2 Oct 2026
Chart of the day Global Fundamental L/S managers finished -0.55% in September, outperforming the
market benchmark. Macro GS Research: Payrolls Preview
Chart of the day
Global Fundamental L/S managers finished -0.55% in September, outperforming the market benchmark.
Macro GS Research:
Payrolls Preview - We estimate nonfarm payrolls rose by 80k in September, slightly below consensus of
+88k. On the positive side, the level of layoffs remains low and big data indicators of job growth picked
up sequentially. On the negative side, September payroll growth has tended to underperform its recent
trend when Labor Day is later in the month—like it was this year—and last month’s sharp increase in
nonfarm payrolls was boosted by outsized increases in leisure and hospitality and local educational
services payrolls that we do not expect to repeat. We estimate that the unemployment rate edged down to
4.0% (vs. our previous forecast that was in line with consensus and the prior month at 4.1%), reflecting the
decline in continuing claims. We forecast a 0.2% month-over-month increase in average hourly earnings,
below consensus, reflecting negative calendar effects.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
Adobe - Anil Chakravarthy will be stepping into the President and CEO role on 12/1, as part of Adobe's
planned leadership transition initially announced on 3/12. Mr. Chakravarthy had previously served as
President of Adobe’s Customer Experience Orchestration business and worldwide field operations. David
Wadhwani, President of the Creativity & Productivity Business, is simultaneously stepping down to found
a new venture; and Adobe is also in the process of appointing a permanent CFO. We view some of the
most attractive alpha generation opportunities in Software over the next 12 months as those companies
that can execute a transition from "AI loser" to "AI winner" -- and believe new leadership provides a
catalyst for change. In the context of the consensus view that Adobe will face headwinds from AI, we
outline 5 strategic questions to consider that could potentially leverage the company's core IP into new AI-
centric growth vectors. Consistent with our work on moats throughout the year, Adobe’s turnaround
playbook will likely depend on its ability to modernize a complex product architecture, accelerate
innovation through both organic investment and targeted M&A, and convert feature adoption into
monetization. As is the case for the cohort of 2010-2020 leading SaaS companies, the key will be to what
extent leadership is willing to make bold strategic decisions in a heightened competitive landscape, vs.
smaller tweaks that are largely an extension of the prior 3-5 year strategy. We maintain our Sell rating: we
look for visibility into strategic decisions, followed by execution on new initiatives, all while competition
intensifies and growth in the TAM accrues to new entrants.

Nike Results - Alongside F1Q results, NKE introduced FY27 guidance materially below FactSet
expectations and introduced Pace, a new operating model transformation plan. While NKE continues to
demonstrate healthy growth in its performance business (+DD%), this is more than offset by significant
pressure in its Sportswear, Jordan, and China businesses, down LDD%, mid-teens%, and -26% ex-FX,
respectively. Given the scale of these businesses (performance only ~1/3 of revenues in FY26), Nike
outlined that the significant actions the company is taking to return the business to a healthy marketplace
will meaningfully impact FY27 and continue into FY28. Margins are also now expected to come under
pressure as a result of deleverage. While this represents a significant reset, strategic actions continue into
FY28 and NKE will have to lap the tailwinds from the World Cup. As a result, we expect the key debate
from here to be the earnings power of NKE in FY28 under various scenarios and the pace of potential
revenue and profit recovery ahead. Is FY27 a trough or will FY28 be another step lower?
Enrbidge Initiation - We resume coverage of Enbridge (ENB/ENB.TO) with a Neutral rating. Enbridge is
one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in North America with a generally defensive and high-
quality portfolio of oil and gas pipelines, utilities, and renewables. We have a more balanced view on the
stock from here, despite recent underperformance (ENB -3% YTD vs. AMNA +18%) for three reasons.
First, we expect ENB’s largest asset, its Western Canadian crude pipeline network, to see volume growth
from higher basin production but also higher levels of competition as third-party pipeline capacity is added
– driving modest risk to tariff rates and/or ENB’s ability to maintain rate base. Second, our more positive
view on ENB’s large US gas pipeline network - due to growing power / LNG demand driving new project
announcements and backlog execution - is tempered by ENB’s lower gas mix vs. peers. Last, while we
believe ENB can execute on a ~5% EBITDA CAGR through 2030 (with our estimates just below
consensus on average - and exclude pending M&A), we see the balance sheet as relatively constrained -
limiting capital allocation flexibility and making upside to the growth outlook as modestly challenging, in
our view
Market Update
Tons of questions on global rates today. A few things that stood out: 1) Curve continued to bull-steepen
following PCE + recent dovish Fed speak. Oct hike odds are down to 30% with ~3 hikes priced in through
YE '27. Rates desk saw a variety of buyers in front end rates (getting comfortable around less hikes); 2)
France's fiscal consolidation plan drove some cross border moves & a 'flight to safety'; 3) On 'flight to
safety' point, worth noting DXY also had a ~2std positive move today (TY Matt Kaplan). On micro, bit of
a painful session with tech earnings, move in ACN +16% and investor day move in SNPS +13% drove big
squeezes higher in popular shorts and perceived AI-at-risk names (GSTMTAIR +3.7%). most HFs wanting
to add shorts in this complex on the move, we actually saw more buying here vs selling. Activity levels
remain spotty. Despite Our floor was a 4 on a 1-10 scale in terms of overall activity levels with overall
client skews benign.
CALENDAR
13:30 UKT Nonfarm payroll employment, September (GS +80k, consensus +90k, last +162k)
Earnings:

US Conferences
Event
Date
Sector
Registration
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York
2-3 Dec
Industrials
Here
GS Financial Services Conference, New York
8-9 Dec
Financials
Here
Bookmark | Read
| More in Macro
| GS MarketStrats | The Tail StratBook by Anna Pedini
| Visit our MarketView Dashboard for more content and analytics FX Vol
| markets / markets :: stocks and bonds. by Tony Pasquariello
| a few short points on the ongoing tug-of-war between equities and interest rates: 1. the bond mark...
| GS MarketStrats | Higher Rates, Lower Conviction: X-asset Moves, Flows, Client Thoughts and key
Trades by Vitali Meschoulam
| Markets have experienced one of the most significant rates repricings of the year. Terminal-rate exp...

Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
