GS Wijaya - GS SECTOR SPECIALISTS Energy, Natural
Resources and Utilities Preview Thursday Thoughts Power 1 Oct
2026
Adam Wijaya  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
1 Oct 2026
Thursday Thoughts – Power IPPs + Broader Power. It's been a busy ~36 hours of headlines for the group:
Talen Names Terry Nutt Chief Executive Officer
Thursday Thoughts – Power
IPPs + Broader Power. It's been a busy ~36 hours of headlines for the group: Talen Names Terry Nutt
Chief Executive Officer and Announces $1.5 Billion Accelerated Share Repurchase & CEG:
Constellation, Amazon announce 20-year power purchase agreement. It’s been slower on the headline
front for the group over the last couple of months – and we think this should catch some attention as we
head into earnings preview season. One question yesterday stuck out to me from an investor – can this get
the group working again? The stocks have been challenging YTD despite really no changes to medium /
longer term fundys + power curves recently moving higher (more on that below). We think specialists are
generally neutral on the group, with generalists leaning more cautious - though we know how quickly the
tide can turn on power. For CEG – while the AMZN deal is a small % increase to near term FCF (LSD for
2027 on GIR numbers) – it’s a step in the right direction and think this gives a sense of a ‘heartbeat’ for
the group on go forward (CEG is +4% in pre-market trading at the time of writing this). Broadly on power
markets – PJM strength shouldn’t go unnoticed (from yday - September peak contract set to clear at $128
… 47% increase from where it traded entering the month) – importantly we have also seen backs move
higher with Cal27 – Cal29 strips moving higher too – important to watch as reinforces demand for forward
power. We still think the broader setup for power infrastructure + deployment remains robust – and while
we have mentioned there’s been more recent interest in the BTM theme vs IPPs for example over the last
few months, the scenario where both groups can work isn’t necessarily mutually exclusive. Feedback
welcome. This headline caught my attention this morning: Data Center, Power Titans Push Back on Texas
Development NIMBYs .. coalition of Blackstone’s QTS, NextEra, Siemens Energy, Quanta, NEI and
Lancium teaming up to showcase potential economic and employment benefits of data center projects.
$200 bn of DC projects have been blocked across the US during the first half of the year with Texas being
one of the main focus states (~90% of new power connection requests in ERCOT are from DCs … recent
stats showing +600 DCs across the state with ~80 under construction and ~173 planned for now).
Take a look at our GS Power Basket vs CEG and TLN over 1y…
Source: Bloomberg as of 10/1. Past performance not indicative of future results

Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
