[Page 1]
 
7 September 2026
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Global  
 
 Cross-Discipline  
 Thematic Research  
 Date  
 
 
What are the biggest market 
dislocations? September 2026
In the latest of our monthly “dislocations” series, we looked at what appears 
strange in markets, and what might be ripe for a correction.
Last month we wrote about a “goldilocks” setup, where markets were pricing 
resilient growth, falling inflation and limited monetary tightening. We argued this 
was unlikely to hold, and since then, a fresh bond selloff has pushed yields to multi-
year highs around the world.
However, the current equilibrium remains unsustainable. That’s because rates 
markets still don’t reflect the extent of the inflationary pressures ahead, with only 
limited tightening cycles priced in. So either inflation needs to fall, or the pressure 
on rates will continue. And if the pressure on rates is maintained, that in turn will 
force an adjustment in risk assets. Something needs to give here, with several 
asset classes vulnerable to the impact of a more aggressive tightening cycle from 
central banks.
Several dislocations follow from this:
n
First, market pricing for the Fed still implies an unusually shallow hiking 
cycle given the starting conditions.
n
Second, ECB pricing has also seen strikingly little movement in recent 
weeks, even as swaps have simultaneously priced faster inflation and 
growth has surprised on the upside.
n
Third, the oil futures curve is still assuming that the physical disruption in 
the Strait of Hormuz will fade, even as it remains blocked month-after-
month.
n
And fourth, risk assets like equities and credit are still strikingly complacent 
against the stagflationary shock that’s increasingly being priced into rates 
markets. And even if growth remains resilient, that doesn’t solve the 
inflation problem.
In essence, we are still pricing in a very benign world of persistent growth, limited 
inflation, modest rate hikes, fading supply shocks and contained fiscal risks. That 
offers a very narrow landing zone that's very difficult to realise.
The building inflation problem
Henry Allen
Macro Strategist
+44-20-754-11149
Deutsche Bank AG
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 
2021 INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER 
DETAILS.


[Page 2]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
The biggest issue over the last month has been the extent to which more inflationary 
pressures are still in the pipeline:
n
Most obviously, the Strait of Hormuz is still yet to properly reopen, and 
renewed strikes between the US and Iran mean that Brent crude now 
stands at $96/bbl this morning, up from $82.49/bbl a month ago.
n
That pressure has also translated into European natural gas, where the 
front-end future is currently around its highest since early 2023.
n
Food prices in August just saw one of their biggest monthly jumps in years, 
with major increases for the likes of sugar (+21.5%), wheat (+18.3%) and 
corn (+16.8%). Moreover, climate forecasters suggest the worst of this 
year’s El Nino is likely ahead in Q4.
n
Metals prices, and precious metals in particular, saw a big jump in August 
too, particularly after the US Treasury Department’s announcement that 
they’d be increasing their buybacks of longer-dated Treasuries.
From a market standpoint, the problem is that investors expect much of this 
inflation to subside. For instance, the futures curve for Brent crude oil and European 
natural gas is pricing in declines over the year ahead. That’s helped to support risk 
assets, but we’ve repeatedly seen hopes for a reopening of the Strait of Hormuz not 
materialise over the last 6 months. And with declines in energy prices already priced 
in, even flat energy prices would require a repricing across other asset classes.
Figure 1: Monthly change in Bloomberg's Agriculture Spot 
Index - August saw the biggest rise since 2012
-20%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
2011
2016
2021
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 2: Meanwhile, European natural gas futures (EUR/
MWh) have risen to their highest levels since early 2023
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
2023
2024
2025
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
So what are some of the biggest market dislocations right 
now?
1. Markets continue to price in a shallow Fed hiking cycle that’s inconsistent with 
how they’ve behaved in past hiking cycles. As it stands, this is already the 4th year 
in the last 5 where markets have under-estimated how hawkish the Fed will be.
n
When it comes to building inflationary pressures, the prices paid 
component of the ISM services index hit a 4-year high in August. Based on 
how it behaved in the last inflation wave, that’s consistent with a CPI rate 
above 5%, and we know this indicator tends to operate with a lag of a few 
months.
n
Meanwhile, Fed Chair Warsh was openly striking a more hawkish tone at 
Jackson Hole. He described the 2% target as a “firm, fixed target”, and said 


[Page 3]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
that the summer’s inflation readings “do not tell me that underlying trends 
have meaningfully improved.” And with Friday’s jobs report surprising on 
the upside, that gives them more space to focus on the inflation side of their 
mandate.
n
What’s also notable is that in 4 of the last 5 years since 2022, investors have 
underestimated how hawkish the Fed will be. That includes this year, where 
we began with two cuts being fully priced in by the time of the September 
meeting next week. In reality, there haven’t been any cuts, and the 
conversation is entirely based around whether they’ll hike, with futures 
pricing in a 60% probability of that.
n
Based on the past correlation of the ISM services prices paid component, 
if inflation got to 4-5%, that would be consistent with over 200bps of hikes 
in the first year, if you purely looked at what happened in past hiking cycles 
when the Fed began hiking relative to the starting CPI level (Figure 8). 
Meanwhile, we also know from experience that simple “one and done” 
hiking cycles are incredibly rare, given that a single 25bp move in either 
direction has a pretty modest effect on financial conditions relative to all the 
other factors that influence them. As in recent years, the risk is that the 
market is caught off-guard once again in a hawkish direction.
Figure 3: The prices paid component of the ISM services index is at levels consistent with 5% US CPI inflation in the 2021-
23 inflation wave
-4
-2
0
2
4
6
8
10
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
1998
2002
2006
2010
2014
2018
2022
2026
CPI Inflation (yoy % change, 3m lag, lhs)
ISM Services Prices Paid (rhs)
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
2. Meanwhile at the ECB, if we look at market pricing for the June 2027 meeting, 
it’s barely changed from where it got to at the recent July peak. That’s despite gas 
prices rising significantly, economic data surprising on the upside, and even 
market-based inflation swaps being notably higher. In other words, investors are 
pricing more inflation for the next year, but not any more hikes, even as growth 
has surprised on the upside.
n
These hawkish risks don’t just apply to the Fed, and historically the ECB has 
actually had a more hawkish reaction function than the Fed. That reflects 
how they only have a single mandate for inflation, rather than a dual 
mandate that also include employment.
n
If we look at market pricing for the June 2027 meeting, it’s seen little 


[Page 4]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
movement from its peak on July 23, the same day that Brent closed above 
$100/bbl again. Back then, it was pricing 74bps of further hikes by the June 
2027 meeting, and at time of writing, it’s pricing in 72bps of further hikes.
n
Yet in that time, natural gas futures have risen significantly, up more than 
+18%. Brent is almost level again at $96/bbl, the growth data has 
continuously surprised on the upside, and even investor expectations of 
inflation have risen significantly. So in other words, the newsflow and 
market pricing for inflation has shifted hawkishly, yet ECB pricing hasn’t.
n
Looking forward, we know that further inflationary pressures remain in the 
pipeline, and central banks also tend to overcorrect for perceived mistakes 
in the last cycle. In the ECB’s case, they came under criticism for reacting 
too late to the 2021-22 inflation shock, as they didn’t even begin to lift the 
deposit rate out of negative territory until inflation was above 8%. This year, 
however, we saw how they already delivered a rate hike in June, even 
though headline CPI was “only” at +2.8% that month.
Figure 4: Even as the 1yr Euro inflation swap (%) has risen 
notably since late-July…
1.7
1.9
2.1
2.3
2.5
2.7
2.9
3.1
3.3
3.5
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 5: … Market pricing for additional hikes by the 
ECB's June 2027 meeting has not moved much, even as 
growth has also been resilient
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
3. There’s an ongoing physical dislocation between the blockage in the Strait of 
Hormuz and the reality of oil prices still well beneath their highs. Hopes for a 
reopening mean that the oil futures curve remains sharply downward-sloping, 
but with hopes for lower oil prices consistently dashed, this is not a sustainable 
equilibrium.
n
At time of writing, the latest exchange of strikes between the US and Iran 
has pushed Brent crude oil up to $96.2/bbl. However, the 6-month Brent 
future is notably lower, at $83.2/bbl, reflecting investor expectations that 
the Strait of Hormuz may well reopen in the coming months and bring down 
the price of oil.
n
That’s a perfectly rational expectation, but the issue is that the futures curve 
has been heavily downward-sloping for around 6 months now. The only 
exception was the period around the Memorandum of Understanding 
being signed when traffic did pick up again through the Strait of Hormuz.
n
Looking forward, the problem is that if expectations for lower oil prices are 
consistently dashed, at some point investors will have to adjust their 
expectations. That doesn’t just matter for oil prices either, as expectations 
of a decline have been a critical factor supporting risk assets like equities 
and credit in recent months as well.


[Page 5]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
n
This is in keeping with the experience of recent history as well. After 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in 2022, the oil futures curve also became 
backwardated on expectations that the conflict might end swiftly. 
However, as time passed, that backwardation was unable to be sustained, 
and the curve normalized again.
Figure 6: Spread between Brent crude front end future ($/bbl) and 6-month Brent future ($/bbl) - investors have 
consistently been pricing in lower oil prices over the months ahead
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
Jan-25
May-25
Sep-25
Jan-26
May-26
Sep-26
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
4. Risk assets haven’t really reacted to the real rates story, and have been 
consistently resilient. This is viable if inflation falls back and the tightening cycles 
aren’t required, but that seems questionable given the pressures described 
above. Moreover, the traditional cushions of rate cuts or fiscal stimulus aren’t as 
easily available, given inflation is still above target and bond yields are around 
multi-year highs.
n
So far at least, risk assets have continued to perform strongly in general, 
despite the building inflationary pressures and hawkish risks. There was a 
brief selloff at the start of the Iran conflict, but that subsided from April when 
the initial ceasefire was reached. That’s despite a continued climb in real 
rates, with the US 10yr real yield up more than 70bps since its low prior to 
the Iran conflict.
n
To be fair, what’s helped so far has been the incredible growth resilience 
around the world. That has simultaneously supported risk assets, whilst 
pushing yields higher at the same time. A similar phenomenon happened 
in the late-1990s as well.
n
But looking forward, the inflationary pressures described above are 
increasingly of the cost-push variety that central banks can’t easily combat, 
and are likely to put growth under pressure. In other words, there’s a 
negative supply shock brewing of the kind that raises inflation and also hits 
growth.
n
We have seen this setup cause problems for risk assets before. Back in 
2022, there was a sharp equity correction and a material widening in credit 
spreads as it became apparent that growth was slowing and central banks 


[Page 6]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG
would be hiking more aggressively than expected. Again, in late-2015 into 
early-2016, heightened recession fears (just as the Fed began to hike rates 
again) also drove an equity selloff alongside wider credit spreads.
n
In recent years, this has often been staved off by some sort of monetary or 
fiscal stimulus, which in turn has supported risk assets. But that is much 
more difficult in the current context:
n
First, because headline and core inflation are already above target 
in many countries, easing monetary policy is not an easily available 
option like we saw in the 2010s. So something like the Fed’s easing 
in 2019 (which occurred in the context of below-target inflation) is 
much more difficult to imagine.
n
Second, fiscal stimulus is also more difficult today, because bond 
yields are around multi-year highs and the debt-to-GDP ratios have 
risen significantly. So a meaningful fiscal stimulus is not an easily 
available option either. In other words, policymakers don’t have 
easily available tools to support risk assets if they do come under 
pressure.
Figure 7: Since April when the US-Iran ceasefire began, the S&P 500 has diverged from the path of real yields. Clearly 
that can be explained by unexpectedly resilient growth, but the inflation pressures are now building again, risking a return 
of the correlation we saw back in March.
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2.0
2.2
2.4
2.6
5500
6000
6500
7000
7500
Jul-25
Oct-25
Jan-26
Apr-26
Jul-26
S&P 500 (lhs)
US 10yr Real Yield (inverted, rhs)
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Conclusion: The current equilibrium is unsustainable
The fundamental dislocation is that rates markets still imply only limited central 
bank tightening, amidst mounting inflationary pressures. And we have equities and 
credit assuming that higher yields aren’t going to cause material damage to 
growth.
But the risk is that markets are caught off guard over the coming weeks and months. 
Even if the inflation is concentrated in categories like energy and food (which sit 
outside core inflation), it's also the sort of inflation that's difficult for consumers to 
substitute away from, so second-round effects become a greater risk.


[Page 7]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 7
Moreover, even if growth remains resilient (which has supported both real yields 
and risk assets so far), the inflation story isn't going away. That adds to the risk of 
more aggressive tightening cycles from central banks, and we know historically 
that many of the biggest non-recessionary declines for equities have taken place in 
the context of tightening cycles. We saw that as central banks hiked rates in 2022, 
and again in 2015-16 as the Fed began to hike again whilst growth was weakening. 
Indeed, as recently as March this year we also saw those same dynamics, where 
real yields moved sharply higher alongside equity declines and wider credit 
spreads.
Ultimately, we are still pricing in a very benign world of persistent growth, limited 
inflation, modest rate hikes, fading supply shocks and contained fiscal risks. That 
offers a very narrow landing zone.
Figure 8: The amount of Federal Reserve rate hikes in the first year of a tightening cycle is strongly correlated with the 
initial starting level of CPI inflation
1955
1958
1963
1972
1976
1980
1983
1986
1988
1994
1999
2004
2015
2022
R² = 0.82
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
CPI at firs thike (%)
Tightening in first year of Fed rate hiking cycle (bps)
CPI at 3% would be 
correlated with over 100bps 
of rate hikes in past hiking 
cycles
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank


[Page 8]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, 
and other sources. For further information regarding disclosures relevant to Deutsche Bank Research, please visit our global 
disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/FICCDisclosures. Aside from within 
this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/
Disclaimer. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view 
in this report. Henry Allen.


[Page 9]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 9
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche 
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be 
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this 
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the 
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or 
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as 
principal for its own account or as agent for another person. 
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account 
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank, 
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research 
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from 
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or 
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts 
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading 
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not 
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity 
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have 
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for 
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the 
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst 
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks 
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with 
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally 
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has 
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate 
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and 
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole 
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular 
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or 
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a 
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and 
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to 
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a 
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude 
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous 
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from 
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in the preparation of this 
material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, content drafting and editorial 
corrections pertaining to research material.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our 
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our 
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer. 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay 
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases 
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the 
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in 
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to 
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets 
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency 
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are 
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by 
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in 
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables 
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating 
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. 
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 


[Page 10]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 10
Deutsche Bank AG
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness 
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their 
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and 
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss 
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable 
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to 
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an 
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document.  If you are unable to access the website, please contact 
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange 
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes 
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could 
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an 
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the ‘Disclosures' tab. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser, 
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in 
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your 
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other 
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient 
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation 
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type, 
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision. 
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of 
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment 
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this 
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst 
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made 
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a 
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts 
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts 
with FINRA. 
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and 
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields, 
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent 
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to futures 
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures 
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The 
author(s) of a research report , and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, may not be licensed to carry on 
regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set 
out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, 
including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. 
This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional 
investors. 


[Page 11]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 11
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered 
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is 
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437; 
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: 
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: 
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of 
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all 
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for 
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject 
company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-
equities-india/index?language_id=1.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in 
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction 
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price 
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services. 
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result 
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial 
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless 
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by 
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the 
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period..
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number 
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10). 
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. 
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert 
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility 
to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently 
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be 
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the 
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or 
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business 
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King 
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial 
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank 
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority. 
Australia and New Zealand:  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures 


[Page 12]
7 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 12
Deutsche Bank AG
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where 
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement, 
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In 
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact 
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use 
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management, 
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses 
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from 
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value 
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record 
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested 
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also 
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, 
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that 
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other 
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading 
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or 
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results 
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the 
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention. 
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of 
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG 
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within 
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in 
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of 
Deutsche Bank AG. 
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to participate 
in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective and other principal 
investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be lower or higher than 
portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the investment opportunities 
available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance standards on all aspects of ESG 
or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet expectations in connection with 
corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG


[Page 13]
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
COO and Head of Fixed
Income Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of Macro and
Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of
Sustainability and Data
Innovation, Research
Robin Winkler
Head of German Macro
Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM &
APAC Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates
Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX
Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
Nilendra de-Mel
Head of APAC & Middle
East Product
Development
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce 
Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Singapur
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower,
Singapore 048583
TeL: +65 6423 8001
