[Page 1]
Macro Picture - Chart Story
THE WARSH DILEMMA
Dario Perkins
07 Sep 2026
Kevin Warsh famously doesn’t give forward guidance, although his message at Jackson Hole came
pretty close to what we would usually regard as a policy signal. It looked very much like a hint
about rate hikes, and with the next meeting just weeks away, markets immediately priced a
September hike. Yet, among investors, there is still an intense debate about what the Fed will do,
especially after dovish comments from Chris Waller and then a strong payroll report. 
So, Fed hike or no Fed hike?
1/8
From a fundamental POV the case for rate hikes seems less urgent than
a few months ago. Back then, it looked like the Fed was suddenly falling
behind the curve. Not only were consumer prices coming in hot (even on
underlying measures) but US payrolls were suddenly reaccelerating – a
move that caught most pundits (not us…) by surprise. This was
embarrassing for a central bank that had missed its inflation target for
5 years, and only recently cut rates in a panicked response to wobbly
jobs data.


[Page 2]
2/8
Recent data have changed the outlook a little. Although core inflation
remains above target YoY, monthly outturns softened over the summer.
And the recovery in the labour market looks patchier, not helped by
significant volatility from month to month. Despite Friday’s blockbuster
report, I would say the US labour market is gradually improving, but
employment is not yet breaking higher. Sorta Goldilocks. Job growth is
not as “cold” as last year, but not “hot” enough to demand immediate
hikes.


[Page 3]
3/8
So why are we even having this debate about a September hike? The
strongest rationale is about “credibility”. Many pundits believe Warsh
can’t hike because it would annoy the president - especially ahead of
the midterms. But those claims, which are now everywhere, are
precisely why Warsh SHOULD hike. One 25bps hike is good PR. It kills
this credibility narrative and ends months of speculation about whether
Warsh is a sock puppet. Warsh will be credible when Trump starts
calling him an idiot!


[Page 4]
4/8
A rate hike is also in keeping with Fed tradition. As we explained earlier
in the year, rookie Fed chairs have a history of early hikes to establish
their inflation-fighting credentials. Don't get me wrong, hiking would
look like a response to energy prices. It would show a distinct lack of
self-confidence from a CB that doubts its own credibility - the sort of
policy tinkering we expect from the ECB or BoE. But maybe that is
warranted given the blatant politicization of the Fed since 2025.


[Page 5]
5/8
So a September hike is what the Fed *should* do. The question is about
what it *will* do. According to Chris Waller (speaking before the payroll
report), the debate will be settled by just one data point – the August
CPI, released a few days before the FOMC meeting. If the data come in
hot, the Fed hikes. If it comes in soft – or even at consensus – the Fed
holds. On Bloomberg TV last week, one pundit said it was a question of
whether the core CPI comes in at 0.2% or 0.3% MoM. Fine margins!
6/8
With the CPI up 30% since 2021, it is remarkable a Fed rate decision will
swing on a 0.1%pt change in prices. Facile in fact. Worse, the FOMC is
in danger of being fooled by residual seasonality. In recent years, both
payrolls and the CPI have come in hotter during the early part of the
year, only to soften during the summer. COVID messed up the
authorities' seasonal adjustment techniques. If the Fed skips the
September hike, we should probably expect another hawkish flip during
the winter. 


[Page 6]
7/8
If a soft (seasonally-distorted) CPI report allows the Fed to skip
September, doubts about Warsh's personal credibility are only going to
intensify. Some of those accusations are unfair. I doubt, for example,
that he is keeping rates low just to support Scott Bessent's futile
attempt to suppress the govt's debt servicing costs - despite the
Treasury Sec's claim that he and Warsh are "on the same page" . There
is certainly no Fed-Treasury accord, despite the popular conspiracy
theory.


[Page 7]
8/8
But it is ironic that the Treasury Sec is engaged in a silly attempt to
suppress yields at a time when, sans forward guidance, Warsh is also
hoping the market can provide an "unfiltered signal" about the future
course of monetary policy. That is a clear inconsistency. It is also funny,
to me at least, that Mr Bessent is a "markets guy" and so far his
approach has been all about finding ways to manipulate markets. What
happened to the “free markets”/"supply side revolution" we were
promised? 


[Page 8]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report
is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not
be reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical,
photocopying, recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable
but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees
or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or
damage arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in
connection with the information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this
report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information
available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express
or implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not
guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its
subsidiaries. The value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this
report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in
exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial
instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial
situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of
investing in any of the types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No.
10232483
