European sovereign risk is back in focus, with French 10-year bond spreads rising 
n
to the highest level since 2012. While sovereign concerns have mainly focused on 
France, signs of spillovers into other bond markets have emerged, raising 
questions around the potential implications for ECB policy. 
First, tighter financial conditions could have implications for the ECB’s hiking 
n
cycle. Our Euro area financial conditions index (FCI) has tightened by nearly 40bp 
since the start of July, potentially substituting for one 25bp ECB rate hike. We 
maintain our forecast for a third and last hike in December, but tighter financial 
conditions reduce the urgency to raise rates beyond this, strengthening our view 
that the Governing Council is unlikely to step up the pace of hikes or take rates 
significantly restrictive. 
Second, the Governing Council could lean against further sovereign stress by 
n
slowing the pace of balance sheet runoff. One option would be a return to partial 
reinvestments (which could be used flexibly); another would be to introduce new 
purchases to build the planned structural bond portfolio. While potentially 
helpful for mitigating fragmentation risk, changes to the balance sheet runoff 
policy would likely be controversial and require further signs of bond market 
stress.  
Third, the ECB could activate its anti-fragmentation tools in case of extreme 
n
bond market pressures. The Outright Monetary Transactions (OMT) programme 
was designed to support countries in a macro adjustment programme with 
potentially unlimited size. The Transmission Protection Instrument (TPI) was 
devised to “counter unwarranted, disorderly market dynamics” that threaten 
monetary policy transmission. The TPI does not require a macro adjustment 
programme but is subject to several criteria albeit with significant room for 
Governing Council discretion. 
TPI activation would likely require significantly more intense and broad-based 
n
sovereign stress, especially with inflation well above target. That said, the bar for 
TPI purchases to protect “innocent bystanders” from contagion (such as Spain) 
seems much lower than intervention in markets where current fiscal policies are 
inconsistent with the stabilisation of public debt (such as France). The TPI could 
possibly be used temporarily under disorderly market conditions to buy time for 
a policy adjustment (in a parallel to the mini-budget episode in the UK). But 
addressing fundamental sovereign risk requires a fiscal rather than an ECB 
Sven Jari Stehn 
+44(20)7774-8061 | jari.stehn@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Alexandre Stott 
+33(1)4212-1108 | 
alexandre.stott@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris 
Branch
4 October 2026 | 5:37PM BST
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
EUROPEAN ECONOMICS ANALYST 
ECB—Potential Implications of Rising Sovereign Stress 
 
 

solution.
4 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

ECB—Potential Implications of Rising Sovereign Stress 
 
 
Rising global yields, persistent government deficits and increasing political uncertainty 
have put European sovereign risk back in focus, led by France. The 10-year French 
spread over Germany rose to 158bp this week, up 72bp over the last month, to reach 
the highest level since 2012. While sovereign concern has mainly focused on France, 
signs of spillovers into other bond markets have emerged, with the 2-year Italian yield 
moving up rapidly over the last couple of days. 
 
We therefore discuss the potential implications of rising sovereign stress for ECB policy. 
#1 Rates 
First, tighter financial conditions could have implications for the ECB’s hiking cycle. Our 
Euro area financial conditions indices (FCIs)—which include rates, spreads, equity prices 
and the broad Euro—have tightened notably in recent weeks (Exhibit 2, left). Our French 
FCI is now 53bp tighter since early July, with smaller moves in Germany (25bp) and a 
36bp tightening at the area-wide level.  
 
Exhibit 1: French Bond Spreads Have Widened Sharply 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics
4 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
The scale of tightening is more modest compared to the start of the year and when 
considering bank lending quantities, which so far remain robust. But the tightening in 
Euro area financial conditions is larger when measured with the ECB’s Macro-Finance 
FCI, which placed less weight on equity prices and the Euro (Exhibit 2, right).  
Tighter financial conditions imply weaker growth and, all else equal, fewer ECB rate hikes 
to stabilise inflation. Our estimates suggest that a persistent 100bp tightening in the FCI 
slows growth by about 1pp over the subsequent year. Weaker growth, in turn, lowers the 
chance of second-round effects from higher energy prices via increased slack and 
thereby substitutes for policy rate hikes. A simple calculation would suggest that the 
36bp area-wide FCI tightening seen since the start of July might slow growth by 0.36pp, 
weaken inflation by 0.04-0.07pp (using typical “Phillips curve” estimates) and lower the 
required policy rate by 26bp (using a typical Taylor rule). Using the observed FCI 
tightening since the start of the year would halve the implied effect on the policy rate. 
Consistent with this, our past work shows empirically that tighter financial conditions 
typically entail lower policy rates, with a 100bp tightening in the FCI on average 
associated with a 80bp decline in rates over the subsequent year (Exhibit 3, left). These 
estimates would again suggest that the FCI tightening observed so far might roughly 
substitute for one 25bp rate hike (Exhibit 3, right). 
 
Exhibit 2: Financial Conditions Have Tightened 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, ECB
4 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
Recent ECB commentary has started to highlight the importance of long-term bond 
yields and financial conditions for the policy outlook. Finnish governor Olli Rehn, for 
example, noted this week that the rise in long-term interest rates will slow growth and 
reduce passthrough of energy shocks to wages and prices.  
We maintain our forecast that the Governing Council will hike for a third and last time in 
December given pipeline inflation pressures from the energy shock (Exhibit 4). But 
tighter financial conditions reduce the urgency to raise rates beyond this, strengthening 
our view that the Governing Council is unlikely to step up the pace of hikes or take rates 
significantly restrictive. We therefore raise the subjective odds we assign to our baseline 
forecast to 60% (from 50% before) and lower the probability that the ECB hikes notably 
above 3% (from 35% to 25%). As a result, our probability-weighted forecast remains 
below market pricing.  
 
 
Exhibit 3: Tighter Financial Conditions Mean Fewer Hikes 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 4: Tighter Financial Conditions Support Our Forecast for Limited ECB Tightening 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities
4 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

#2 QT 
The balance sheet is in full run-off since the Governing Council stopped reinvestments of 
maturing bonds under the PSPP and PEPP in July 2023 and December 2024, 
respectively. Since then, the ECB’s bond holdings have shrunk by EUR 1.3tr and the level 
of reserves is approaching a level that the Governing Council might regard appropriate, 
raising the question whether the pace of balance sheet run-off could be amended to 
support sovereign markets. The Fed and BoE have recently adapted their run-off 
policies, too (Exhibit 5, left). 
 
One potential option would be to slow QT via partial reinvestment. For example, the ECB 
could maintain PEPP runoff (as these reflect covid emergency purchases) while 
reinvesting maturing bonds under the PSPP. Doing so would slow the average balance 
sheet runoff from EUR 400bn to around EUR 150bn over the next year (Exhibit 5, right). 
Moreover, the ECB could indicate that it intends to reinvest proceeds flexibly across 
maturities and countries, potentially providing support to front-end yields and 
supporting transition to a structural bond portfolio with shorter maturities. While the 
magnitude of reinvestments would be modest (eg, about EUR 4bn per month for 
France), this could provide an important market signal. 
That said, reinvesting maturing bonds under either the PSPP or PEPP to lean against 
sovereign risk would likely be controversial. PEPP was designed as a temporary 
emergency purchase programme to deal with the fallout of the pandemic, while PSPP 
was aimed at lifting inflation during times of persistently weak price pressures. Stopping 
the unwind of either programme would thus risk blurring the lines between the ECB’s 
instruments and thereby likely raise legal questions.  
An alternative option would be for the ECB to maintain PEPP and PSPP runoff, while 
introducing new purchases designed to build up its planned structural bond portfolio. 
This approach would likewise slow (or stop) the shrinkage of the balance sheet but might 
fit better with the ECB’s objective of transitioning to a structural bond portfolio. A 
decision to do so could be linked to the ECB’s operational framework review. 
In sum, slowing balance sheet runoff is a potential option to lean against fragmentation 
 
Exhibit 5: The ECB Could Slow Balance Sheet Runoff 
 
 
Source: Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics, ECB
4 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

risk but one that is likely to be controversial. As a result, we would likely need to see 
more sovereign stress before the Governing Council considers steps in this direction.  
#3 Fragmentation Tools  
Third, the Governing Council could decide to activate its anti-fragmentation tools in case 
of extreme bond market pressures.  
The Outright Monetary Transactions (OMT) programme—launched in 2012 and never 
activated—is designed to support countries in an ESM-led macro adjustment 
programme by purchasing short-dated bonds with potentially unlimited size. The OMT’s 
requirement for a policy programme, however, entails significant political stigma, 
especially for large countries like France.  
 
The Transmission Protection Instrument (TPI)—launched in July 2022—does not require 
such a programme and is designed to “counter unwarranted, disorderly market 
dynamics that pose a serious threat to the transmission of monetary policy across the 
euro area.” The TPI is unlimited in nature but subject to a number of eligibility criteria 
(Exhibit 7). These criteria require countries to pursue “sound and sustainable fiscal and 
macroeconomic policies,” including (1) compliance with the EU fiscal framework, (2) 
absence of severe macro imbalances, (3) fiscal sustainability and (4) meeting the 
required country specific recommendations set by the European Commission.  
 
Exhibit 6: The OMT vs TPI 
OMT
TPI
Introduced
September 2012
July 2022
Used?
No
No
Goal
Safeguard monetary policy 
transmission and the singleness of 
monetary policy.
Counter unwarranted, disorderly 
market dynamics that seriously 
threaten monetary policy 
transmission.
Conditionality
Conditional to EFSF/ESM 
programme.
No conditionality.
Activation
Discretionary, if warranted from a 
monetary policy perspective.
Discretionary, with criteria to assess 
soundness and sustainability of fiscal 
and macroeconomic policies as input.
Eligible Assets
Sovereign bonds.
Focused on public sector securities; 
private sector securities could be 
considered, if appropriate.
Maturity
1 to 3 years.
1 to 10 years.
Purchase size
No ex ante quantitative limit
No ex ante quantitative limit
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, ECB
4 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
All member states are currently likely to fulfil criteria (1), (2) and (4) because no country 
under Excessive Deficit Procedure has been assessed as having failed to take effective 
action, no country is under an Excessive Imbalance Procedure, and the European 
Commission is currently assessing compliance with country specific recommendations as 
the final tranches of the Recovery Fund are disbursed. 
The assessment of a country’s debt trajectory, however, requires substantial judgment 
by the Governing Council given the broad definition of public debt sustainability (Exhibit 
8). France is a case in point, with both the European Commission’s and IMF’s debt 
sustainability analyses showing an elevated likelihood that debt continues to increase 
over the medium-term.  
We have likewise shown that France’s debt trajectory looks increasingly challenging, as 
the primary surpluses required to stabilise debt-to-GDP under our medium-term 
assumptions of 1% growth, 2% inflation, and 4% borrowing costs has rarely been 
achieved in recent history. 
 
Exhibit 7: The TPI’s Criteria 
The Transmission Protection Instrument
21 July 2022, Press Release
"The Governing Council will consider a cumulative list of criteria to assess whether the jurisdictions in which the 
Eurosystem may conduct purchases under the TPI pursue sound and sustainable fiscal and macroeconomic 
policies. These criteria will be an input into the Governing Council’s decision-making and will be dynamically 
adjusted to the unfolding risks and conditions to be addressed.
In particular, the criteria include:
1.
Compliance with the EU fiscal framework: not being subject to an excessive deficit procedure (EDP), or 
not being assessed as having failed to take effective action in response to an EU Council recommendation 
under Article 126(7) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union (TFEU);
2.
Absence of severe macroeconomic imbalances: not being subject to an excessive imbalance 
procedure (EIP) or not being assessed as having failed to take the recommended corrective action related 
to an EU Council recommendation under Article 121(4) TFEU;
3.
Fiscal sustainability: in ascertaining that the trajectory of public debt is sustainable, the Governing 
Council will take into account, where available, the debt sustainability analyses by the European 
Commission, the European Stability Mechanism, the International Monetary Fund and other institutions, 
together with the ECB’s internal analysis;
4.
Sound and sustainable macroeconomic policies: complying with the commitments submitted in the 
recovery and resilience plans for the Recovery and Resilience Facility and with the European 
Commission’s country-specific recommendations in the fiscal sphere under the European Semester".
 
 
Source: ECB
4 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
The Governing Council has signalled that the list of macro eligibility criteria serves as an 
input into the decision and would be “dynamically adjusted.” The room for discretion in 
assessing the TPI’s criteria allows the Governing Council to activate TPI very quickly and 
unilaterally in the event of unwarranted sovereign stress. 
The objective of the TPI—to counter unwarranted, disorderly market dynamics—
suggests that significantly more intense and broad-based sovereign stress would be 
required for the Governing Council to consider activation. This is especially true in the 
current high inflation environment. Bundesbank president Nagel, for example, 
emphasised this week that the ECB’s instruments are designed for price stability and 
“have nothing to do with any specific yield spread.”   
We see a lower hurdle for TPI purchases to counteract “non-fundamental” 
fragmentation risk (ie, to protect “innocent bystanders” from contagion, such as Spain) 
than bond purchases in markets where fiscal policies are inconsistent with the 
stabilisation of public debt. That is, the Governing Council could decide to arrest 
spillovers from France into Spanish, Portuguese or Italian bonds, in so far the respective 
fiscal policies remain set on debt reduction, and indicate in its communication that it 
stands ready to do so. We will therefore closely watch for signs of bond market 
contagion, in particular to front-end rates and other assets (Exhibit 9). 
 
Exhibit 8: Debt Sustainability is the Most Difficult Criterium 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics
4 October 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
Purchases in markets with “fundamental” fragmentation risk, however, are inconsistent 
with the criteria of the tool. We therefore see a high hurdle for the TPI to be used for 
France as long as fiscal policy is not on a stabilising course. Consistent with this, French 
governor Moulin argued this week that questions about the ECB stepping in to help 
France fund itself reflected “flawed reasoning.” That said, the TPI could possibly be used 
temporarily under disorderly market conditions to buy time for a policy adjustment, as 
seen during the mini-budget in the UK (where the BoE announced time-limited gilt 
purchases, which led the Truss government to reverse its expansionary fiscal plans). But 
continued fundamental sovereign risk would ultimately require a fiscal rather than an 
ECB solution. 
Sven Jari Stehn 
Alexandre Stott 
 
Exhibit 9: Watching for Signs of Contagion 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics
4 October 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

The European Economics Team 
Sven Jari Stehn 
+44(20)7774-8061 
jari.stehn@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Filippo Taddei 
+44(20)7774-5458 
filippo.taddei@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Alexandre Stott 
+33(1)4212-1108 
alexandre.stott@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris 
Branch
James Moberly 
+44(20)7774-9444 
james.r.moberly@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Niklas Garnadt 
+49(69)7532-1537 
niklas.garnadt@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
Katya Vashkinskaya 
+44(20)7774-4833 
katya.vashkinskaya@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Giovanni Pierdomenico 
+44(20)7051-6807 
giovanni.pierdomenico@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
4 October 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Sven Jari Stehn and Alexandre Stott, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views, which have 
not been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Sven Jari Stehn Goldman Sachs International, Alexandre Stott Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris Branch. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
4 October 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
4 October 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
4 October 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 
