GS Biswas - GS Credit MarketStrats | Price action review & Trade
ideas 4 Oct 2026
Avishek Biswas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, FICC & Equities
Sun 4 Oct 2026, 3:43pm ET
What a week !! One could have ended last week very happy by either hitting Xover 10-20% tranche
protection or lifting Xover payers, depending on when one did the trade – that’s how much intraday
volatility we had. I am not going to write up too much about my views/expectations of next couple of
weeks’ price action – it’s way too choppy and complicated (at least for me) right now; in hindsight it
would have been better if I had spent less time staring at my BBG screens last week. So I am going to
dedicate most of this email reviewing the recent price action and couple of trade ideas.
X-asset
10y OAT-Bund differential ended the week 30bps wider but even that underrepresents the violence of the
intraday moves. At one point in Friday, it got to 160bps before rallying back and ending the day at 140bps.
In fact, the last 2 weeks have been one of the highest realized volatility periods for OAT-Bund differential
(Graphic 2). Even BTPs were not spared with 10y BTP-Bund ending last week 22bps wider – at certain
points last week it definitely felt that the market is starting to price European sovereign risk-off rather than
just French risk-off. EUR rates finally had the much awaited rally with 2y/5y/10y rates rallying
24bps/22bps/17bps last week, though realized volatility continued to remain high. European equities
ended the week lower with SX5E down 1% and SX7E down almost 6%. And amidst all of these – US
equities continued to demonstrate incredible resilience with SPX ending the week almost unch, NDX
ending the week at ATH and VIX failing to wake up from its slumber and ending the week in the 15-
handle.
Credit
Underperformance of French IG bonds continued which properly caught up last week to the OAT-Bund
widening (Graphic 3). The French IG bond index has now widened 30bps over the past 1 month.
Underperformance of EUR financials bonds with weakness in all parts of the Fins capstack; EUR Senior
Non-Prefs widened by 16bps, Tier2 Fins widened by 22bps and EUR AT1 index widened by 55bps. iTraxx
Fins indices underperformed with iTraxx SnrFin index widening by 6.25bps last week and iTraxx SubFin
index widening by 11.625bps last week. Our note flagging 10y OAT/Bund spread being wider than iTraxx
SubFin index spread generated lot of interest. EUR BB cash underperformed with the GS EUR HY BB
(GSLCHY2B) ending last week 47bps wider (among the biggest underperformers in credit last week) –
this is a pocket I had flagged as vulnerable in my previous notes (here and here). EUR IG cash vs USD IG
cash is developing a noticeable dislocation (Graphic 4). Last week, EUR IG cash ended 13bps wider vs
USD IG cash just 1bps wider. In fact over the past month, EUR IG cash has widened by 20bps while USD
IG cash has widened by just 1bps. Hyperscalers continued their outperformance – in fact GSUCHS30
(USD 30y hyperscaler) and GSUCHS10 (USD 10y hyperscaler) ended tighter last week and GSLCEUHS

(EUR hyperscaler basket) outperformed everything else within European credit. LQD options now pricing
decently positive rates/spread correlation (Graphic 5). I had flagged in my note a month back that LQD
options (which were pricing negative rates/spread correlation) look mispriced. A month later, LQD option
vols have catapulted higher. Fund flows and technicals screen weak (Graphic 6/ Graphic 7) with EUR IG
and EUR HY aggregate fund flows net flat over the past 2 months while USD IG and USD HY aggregate
fund flows net -ve over the past 2 months.
Trade Ideas
With OAT/Bunds (and the European sov complex) remaining very fluid and choppy, short risk iTraxx
SubFin index (here and here) remains one of our preferred expressions within credit to hedge a
continuation of European sov risk-off. If you want to deploy risk into the recent underperformers, 5y+
EUR Senior Financials basket (GSLCIF5Y) should be a reasonable segment to consider. This basket is
35bps wider over the past 2 months (Graphic 8) and EUR Senior financials have been the recent
underperformers within credit – if October issuance realizes on the lower side and risk sentiment turns,
this pocket could be chased hard by investors. Xover 10%-20% tranche with 545bps of spread is now
screening as a juicy long for investors looking to add carry in their book. iTraxx Main 3s5s curve flattener
looking interesting after the recent bear steepening (Graphic 9). The curve flattener now screens as a
decent way to position for both left and right tail (given the scope to bear flatten into severe risk-off / bull
flatten into a rally) plus the +ve theta on running the flattener (around 9cents of +ve 12m theta on DV01
flattener) makes it super easy to carry the flattener in the book.
Graphic 1 => Valuation vs moves in credit
Graphic 2 => Rolling 2-week realized volatility in 10y OAT/Bund differential (in bps)
Graphic 3 => Notable underperformance in French IG bonds which properly caught up to the
underperformance of OATs vs Bunds
Graphic 4 => Year-to-date picture of EUR IG cash index spread and USD IG cash index spread
Graphic 5 => Implied and realized correlation between rates moves and credit spreads moves in USD IG
credit
Graphic 6 => Fund flows (2m rolling) as a % of AUM. Source : Lipper
Graphic 7 => Net issuance minus (fund flows + coupons) 2m rolling
Graphic 8 => G-spread history of GSLCIF5Y (EUR Senior Fins 5y+) basket
Graphic 9 => iTraxx Main 3s5s curve has recently bear steepened
Max loss : Unlimited. For all charts unless otherwise stated. Source: GS FICC and Equities. As of 02-Oct-
2026. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Any references to I/we/us/our refer to GS Credit MarketStrats.





Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 4 Oct 2026.
