GS Blaze - Brent Skew vs Spot Dislocation 29 Sep 2026
Isabel Blaze  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Associate, Commodities, FICC & Equities
Tue 29 Sep 2026, 3:05pm ET
Brent options are currently showing a dislocation, put skew is rallying hard while call skew fades through
pre-war levels despite a stressed flat price regime. Normally, we'd expect a crisis driven market to see both
wings bid as investors hedge both a supply shock and a resolution driven collapse. Instead, we're seeing
three forces at play simultaneously:
1. The physical molecule shortage has eased meaningfully from its worst point in early September. More
barrels are now transiting the Strait of Hormuz, either escorted by the US Navy or otherwise, with Saudi
Arabia leading that effort. Separately, the East-West pipeline has restarted at pre-attack capacity, and
Yanbu export flows are back online. Additionally, we are entering a seasonally low-demand window, and
the acute physical tightness that justified much of the initial risk premium has relaxed.
2. Despite that improvement in physical fundamentals, futures and spreads remain near their highs because
the market has only just finished pricing in a substantial risk premium, and for the first time in this
conflict, it looks like financial investors are buying outright delta. Our read is that this new flow is a
consequence of portfolio pain on rates move as many macro portfolios are structured to perform well if the
crisis eases but take larger losses if oil spikes toward $130, so essentially short oil in a tail scenario. The
recent violent moves in rates have caused that pain to spill over into oil delta buying, whether as short-
covering or fresh protection buying, meaning price action here is tracking rates more tightly.
3. Bottom line is that while vol isn't performing, the big outlier is the skew as upside vol itself has not
followed price higher. Despite the flat price bid, implied vol has performed poorly, and skew has reverted
sharply even at these elevated levels. Puts are richening, calls are cheapening, and both are back through
prewar levels. There's essentially no upside vol demand in the market right now. The only real flow is a
wave of put buying in outsized volumes for market norms which has left dealers structurally short puts
against what looks like a concentrated macro bid on the other side. That structural short creates a negative
vanna, meaning when the market rallies, dealers become less short vol and implied vol comes in vs. when
it sells off, they get shorter vol and it rallies. The net effect is that, despite an active geopolitical crisis, the
market has been pulled back into a negative spot-vol correlation regime.
Where to go from here:
Bullish: If looking for upside protection against a further escalation, this setup argues strongly for
expressing that view through call wings or wingy call spreads rather than outright delta. Buying flat price
at current highs exposes you to any de-escalation headline, whereas the "distorted" vol surface of cheap
calls, and rich puts offers an attractive entry point for buying convex upside exposure with a limited loss.
This distortion persists specifically because the natural buyers of upside protection aren't currently
expressing it this way. If/when a vol bid returns to market, we'd expect the call skew to normalize.

Bearish: The same setup makes close to the money put spreads the more attractive structure for downside
protection or bearish expression. With put skew elevated and flat price stretched near the highs, outright
put buying is expensive, but put spreads let you take advantage of the skew while still capturing the bulk
of a move lower if the crisis resolution narrative continues to build.
Brent Flat Price vs US 10Y Yield
Brent 25-delta Risk Reversal
Brent Implied Vol (ATM) vs Realized Vol

Brent Put Skew vs Brent Spot Price
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 29 Sep 2026.
