 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
1 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
Ten percent of the revenues generated by sales of The Solid Ground are donated to 
students who would not otherwise be able to afford an education. From Bhutan to 
Belfast and from Hawick to Harare your subscription to this research is helping create 
greater equality of opportunity. If you are reading this research and do not have a 
contract with Orlock Advisors (Russell Napier), you are depriving someone of an 
education.  
 
Warsh Declaims that ‘Money Matters’: The Secular Bull Case for 
Banks In The ‘Grand Global Economic Re-ordering (08/09/2026)  
 
Sixth, money matters. It's not fashionable these days, but my view is that money has something 
important to do with monetary policy. We should pay attention to money created by the central bank 
and money that comes from the banking and financial systems. It's true that financial innovations 
and other factors alter the mechanics that link the monetary base, the velocity of money, and the 
broader economy. But that is scarcely a reason to ignore the ultimate effects of money on financial 
conditions and prices.  
 
Kevin Warsh [Chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve] — Keynote Remarks at Federal Reserve 
Bank of Kansas City Jackson Hole Economic Policy Symposium, Aug. 28, 2026  
 
On Aug.10, just a few weeks before Kevin Warsh’s seminal speech at Jackson Hole 
on the importance of money to central bankers, Gordon Pepper CBE died at the age 
of 92. Gordon was a friend and, through his teaching on The Practical History of 
Financial Markets course, a valued colleague. Along with Michael Oliver, he taught 
The Liquidity Theory of Asset Prices module to those who attended the course from 
2004-2015. Gordon would have had a wry smile on his face following Warsh’s 
comments and might have muttered “what goes around comes around.” You can 
read more about Gordon’s incredible life and his role in the monetary revolution of 
the 1980s in his Times obituary.*1 He will be sorely missed by his friends and all those 
who liked a good, constructive and friendly argument.  
 
Since Gordon’s retirement in 2015, students on the course have been fortunate to 
learn from John Greenwood OBE whose rallying cry is also “money matters.” John 
has been known to ask his class to repeat after him — “monetary policy is about the 
quantity of money and not the price of money.” Maybe, one day, Warsh will provide 
a guest session on why “money matters.” If you are not prepared to wait that long, 
there are a handful of places left in the next course running from Sept. 22 to 24 in 
London. The formal teaching sessions are highly interactive and the course 
concludes with a Q&A session with me. If Kevin Warsh thinks money matters, 
maybe it’s time for more of us to understand why it matters. [For more information 
and bookings please visit- https://www.libraryofmistakes.com/course/#in-person.]  
 
  
 
1 *https://www.thetimes.com/uk/obituaries/article/gordon-pepper-obituary-leading-economist-f9lxdwfzq 
 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
2 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
 
This newsletter will focus on the implications for financial assets in a world where, 
for the first time in a long-time, “money matters” to at least one key policy maker 
and likely others. Warsh has long held the opinion that “money matters” and the 
recent great monetary inflation will certainly have reinforced this belief. From the 
end of 2019 to the end of 2021 The U.S. Federal Reserve oversaw an expansion 
in U.S. M2 of 41per cent. It has struck some central bankers — still a small 
minority of them though — that this explosion in the money supply could have 
played a role in the surge in U.S. inflation that accompanied and followed that 
great monetary expansion. Other central bankers are of course deep at work in 
the data mines to prove that their fingerprints are not all over the great post 
COVID-19 inflation that has created a political shift across the developed world. 
No such data mining is underway in Switzerland. From end 2019 to end 2021 
Swiss Franc M2 increased by eight per cent and the Swiss index of consumer 
prices rose by a similar amount while Swiss inflation has remained subdued. 
These very different monetary expansions — in Switzerland and the U.S. — 
brought very different inflation outcomes.  They also brought rather different 
outcomes for bond investors. The yield on 10-year Swiss government bonds 
increased from -50bp at the end of 2019 to 42bp currently. The yield on the 
U.S.10-year government bonds has jumped from 200bp to 487bp over the same 
period. The refusal to accept that “money matters” has not just been a refusal by 
the academics that now determine global monetary policy but also by investors 
who clung to their fixed interest securities through the massive monetary 
expansion of 2020 to 2021.  
 
“Money matters” for central bankers and it matters for bond investors and the 
new focus of central bankers on money is bad news for bond investors.  
 
What matters for investors is that now central bankers in conjunction with 
governments have to ensure a high growth in broad money, combined with 
depressed nominal interest rates and restrictions in the growth in non-bank credit, 
to ensure that nominal GDP grows more quickly than debt. That combination is 
the financial repression that will bring debt-to-GDP to much less dangerous 
levels. If that is why money now matters, central bankers will have to facilitate 
commercial bank balance sheet expansion at a level that creates higher levels of 
broad money growth. At any sea change in monetary policy, there are profound 
impacts for the owners of commercial banks. Stage two of that change was when 
governments provided credit guarantees for commercial banks to expand their 
balance sheets and in 2021 The Solid Ground warned about the inflationary 
consequences from that monetary revolution. The now overt focus on broad 
money creation brings us to stage two in this structural change. 
 
Those who bought Citibank in 1982, as monetary policy changed to focus on 
boosting bank credit growth and nominal GDP growth, to prevent a debt 
deflation, saw the Citi share price rise from its 1982 low of USD3.27 to USD27.50 
by 1987. When the U.S. needed more money, more money was created and the 
owners of U.S. commercial bank equity were the beneficiaries.  
 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
3 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
Once, markets waited breathlessly for the monthly U.S. money supply data, 
knowing that from October 1979 the U.S. Federal Reserve was focused on 
controlling the supply of money and, at least in theory, allowing interest rates to 
adjust to whatever level was the necessary to meet the monetary growth targets. 
 
Whatever problems this approach caused in the application of monetary policy, 
it caused a very real practical problem. By the summer of 1982, the rise in U.S. 
dollar interest rates had bankrupted heavily indebted commodity producing 
countries. As these countries had borrowed U.S. dollars extensively from the U.S. 
banking system, this brought a credit crisis to the U.S.. Money supply targeting 
was effectively, if not explicitly, abandoned in July 1982 and the focus was on 
averting a banking crisis that could have led to a contraction of U.S. commercial 
bank balance sheets, a contraction in the supply of money and deflation.  
 
The bankers were bailing frantically while trying to plug up the holes in their battered 
financial boats. They wondered if they could keep them afloat long enough to determine the 
extent of the problem, including each bank’s exposure, how many countries were affected, and 
which would be the next to fall. During the meeting [IMF Annual Meeting, Toronto, 
September 1982], a visibly nervous Paul Volcker hauled Wriston [CEO of Citibank] out 
of the shower to discuss the mounting crisis. At Toronto, Wriston recalled, “we had 150-
odd finance ministers, 50-odd central bankers, 1,000 journalists, 1,000 commercial 
bankers, a large supply of whiskey, and a reasonably small city all of which produced an 
enormous head of steam driving the engine called ‘the end of the world is coming’. It was the 
Titanic. We were just rearranging the deck chairs.  
 
Wriston: Walter Wriston Citibank, and the Rise and Fall of American Financial 
Supremacy (Phillip L. Zweig 1995)  
 
The world did not end, the structure of monetary policy instead changed and 
investors in bank equity made a lot of money. Abandoning money supply 
targeting helped save the financial system. Investors who noted the move from 
tight money to easy money in 1982 made a fortune in bank stocks. A key element 
of financial repression is the boost the growth in nominal GDP and that entails 
higher bank credit growth that creates higher broad money growth. In this shift 
‘money matters’ and it will be the commercial bankers who are creating it.  
 
The lesser developed country debt crisis of the 1980s proved to some that hard 
money was too hard for what even then seemed like a highly geared U.S. and 
global economy. That was in 1982, when U.S. total non-financial debt-to-GDP 
was 140 per cent. Today it is 251 per cent and that is near the developed world 
average. Warsh’s belief that “money matters” comes at a time of record high total 
non-financial debt to GDP across the developed world. It’s an ideological 
realisation more likely concurrent with a belief that debtor’s need relief rather 
than that inflation needs to be crushed, as it was when then Federal 
Reserve chairman Paul Volcker moved to money supply targeting in October 
1979.  
 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
4 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
Stating that ‘money matters’ is a change in approach to understanding what really 
drives inflation, and it comes at a time when debts need to be inflated away across 
the developed world if austerity or default are to be avoided. The developed world 
needs more money and the commercial banks, not the central banks, are the 
engines of creation of broad money. The U.S. Federal Reserve might even 
resurrect M3 from the grave as it attempts to understand and thus manage, if not 
formally, the growth rate of broad money. In creating a new monetary aggregate, 
policymakers create the ambition to control or at least influence its growth.  
 
We have, with Warsh’s words, completed a round trip in policymaking and now 
the monetary aggregates are of interest to policymakers and hence investors, as 
the developed world needs more inflation/higher nominal GDP growth and not 
— as was the case when monetary targeting was introduced in the U.S. in 1979 
— lower inflation. For all the pain the recent great monetary inflation has caused 
the U.S. population it has reduced the total private non-financial debt-to-GDP 
ratio from 153 per cent, in December 2019 on the eve of the COVID-19 crisis, 
to 140 per cent at the end of 2025. It is now back to a level not recorded since 
2001 though it peaked in 2008.  
 
Unfortunately continued fiscal incontinence has assured that total non-financial 
debt-GDP is unchanged from its 2019 level though it has declined from its 
COVID-19 peak of 293 per cent to 251 per cent at the end of 2025. The 48 per 
cent growth in U.S. nominal GDP since the end of 2019 to end June 2026 has 
been a powerful force in inflating away debt, particularly private sector debt but 
total non-financial debt-to-GDP remains near its record high. That growth in 
nominal GDP was, according to The Solid Ground, primarily a product of the 41 
per cent increase in bank credit over the same period. Bond investors were the 
losers in the great monetary inflation. The inflating away of debt in this manner 
has much further to go.  
 
That higher inflation and nominal GDP growth has had such a positive side 
effect, in reducing debt-to-GDP will not have escaped the attention of 
policymakers. When they incant that “money matters” it will come to matter as 
part of the financial repression to continue the reduction in still dangerously high 
debt-to-GDP ratios. Higher nominal GDP growth needs higher broad money 
growth and higher broad money growth, as regular readers of The Solid Ground are 
only too aware, requires higher growth in commercial bank credit. [For those 
interested in a brief description of how bank credit expansion produces broad 
money growth please see https://www.bankofengland.co.uk/explainers/how-is-
money-created .]  
 
The first inflation ambush of fixed interest investors has been successful but as 
former U.S. president George W. Bush tried to warn us many years ago, “fool me 
once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.”  The next ambush of investors 
in fixed interest securities should be more difficult. But as The Solid Ground has 
noted before, the implied breakeven inflation rate of developed world 
government bonds, at any maturity, remain remarkably anchored. Perhaps 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
5 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
investors are not as alert to the next inflation ambush as the aphorism above 
would suggest.  
 
The word “ambush” is usually associated with a deliberate surprise attack. This 
first inflation ambush may well have been driven by ignorance but the recognition 
that “money matters” indicates that central bankers are aware of how inflation is 
created. Now that “money matters” it’s a variable that policymakers can attempt 
to manage to achieve the higher level of nominal GDP growth that is essential in 
any financial repression. The time will likely come when bond investors wish for 
the days of policymaker ignorance on matters of money to return.  
 
The next ambush of investors in fixed interest securities will not be an accidental 
ambush. Investors, now forewarned, are likely to flee any such attack, unless, of 
course, they are pinned in place by the powers of regulation. Financial repression 
requires such a pincer attack now that the element of surprise has, at least partly, 
gone. The rise in government bond yields in recent weeks, as discussed in recent 
The Solid Ground newsletters, brings us closer to that pinning in place moment.  
 
The U.S. Secretary of the Treasury Scott Bessent shares the opinion of Kevin 
Warsh, the Chairman of the U.S. Federal Reserve, that the key engine of money 
creation should be expansion of commercial bank balance sheets and not the 
Federal Reserve’s balance sheet.  
 
The “gain of function” of the U.S. Federal Reserve that Bessent rails against 
(https://www.international-economy.com/TIE_Sp25_Bessent.pdf) lies in its 
willingness to create money in expanding its balance sheet rather than, as it did 
between 1914 and 2009, influencing the expansion of commercial bank balance 
sheets. Bessent was expressing this opinion, in the context of broader economic, 
geopolitical and political goals even before he was appointed to his current role.  
 
Financial regulation has also served to privilege incumbents and push economic activity 
outside the regulatory perimeter. Between 1984 and 2008, an average of 172 new bank 
charters were granted annually for Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation–insured 
commercial banks. Since 2009, there has been an average of 7 new charters annually. The 
enormous regulatory burden of contemporary financial regulation has also increased the 
concentration of those banks that do continue to operate. The five largest U.S. banks now 
control approximately 50% of all U.S. banking system assets, up from 28% in 2000. There 
are legitimate reasons for encouraging the development of credit intermediation outside of the 
banking system, such as reducing maturity transformation, but there is no coherent 
justification for the privileging of large banks. The loss of regional and community banks is 
a particularly concerning development for small and medium-sized businesses. Regional and 
community banks are efficient sources of credit for local communities because they have local 
knowledge and the appropriate scale to serve small businesses. Locking them out through 
regulation is not addressing a market failure but creating one.  
 
Scott Bessent comments at The Manhattan Institute June 6, 2024  
 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
6 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
Bessent can see other upsides for the U.S. economy from banks getting more 
credit flowing to Small & Medium Enterprises (SME’s) and supporting those he 
calls the “New Republicans” being more blue collar and small business than white 
collar and big business. Commercial bank credit growth to SMEs also furthers 
the U.S. administration’s strategic goal of re-industrialisation. The need to boost 
broad money growth and nominal GDP growth to bring down debt-to-GDP 
aligns with the political and geopolitical goals of the Trump administration. The 
route to these goals is through accelerated growth in bank credit.  
 
If your analyst has a suggestion for policymakers seeking to boost both real and 
nominal GDP growth to reduce debt-to-GDP ratios it is that they should 
consider the re-intermediation of credit assets by commercial banks. Commercial 
banks purchasing existing public or private credit assets, in the form of bills, notes 
and bonds, grow their balance sheets and increase the supply of money but they 
do not directly increase the aggregate supply of credit. That is a combination that 
would boost broad money growth and nominal GDP and decrease debt-to-GDP 
levels without necessarily boosting inflation to particularly high levels. The 
reintermediation of credit assets by commercial banks could achieve a 
deleveraging of the economy more quickly than would otherwise be the case. It 
would of course have to be combined with incentives to discourage growth in 
non-bank credit from other sources but that is an inevitable part of any financial 
repression. If eventually such an approach to reducing debt-to-GDP is 
implemented, it creates further stimulus to bank credit growth and is good news 
for investors in commercial bank equity.  
 
Your analyst, banging the table to proclaim that debts were being inflated away 
in late 2020, took a long time to conclude that one way to preserve the purchasing 
power of savings, in such an environment, was to invest in the equity of 
commercial banks. How could it be that the share prices of companies seeing 
their debts inflated away would likely benefit from inflation while banks, 
providing the debt that was being inflated away could also benefit from financial 
repression? Not until June 2023 did I put pen to paper to explain how investing 
in bank equity would preserve the purchasing power of wealth even as 
policymakers acted to inflate away debt — The Rumble in the Credit Jungle: Why it is 
Dimon, Not Fink & the Implications for Asset Markets [now available on request to all 
institutional investors with Solid Ground subscriptions].  
 
For forty years the growth in non-bank credit has exceeded the growth in bank credit. This 
growth differential produced the age of financial engineering and a particular form of return 
from financial assets. That age has now ended, and this report looks at how growth in bank 
credit will exceed the growth in non-bank credit creating higher inflation, control of bond 
yields and the end of financial engineering. The report characterises the two systems under the 
names of the two most important CEOs running each system. The non-bank credit system, 
funded by savers, is referred to as the “Fink system,” recognising the now most important 
individual, Larry Fink CEO of Blackrock, within the non-bank credit system. The 
banking system is referred to as the “Dimon system,” recognising the now most important 
individual, Jamie Dimon CEO of JP Morgan Chase, within the banking system. Victory 
for the Dimon system means more money creation and more inflation and a need for investors 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
7 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
to divest from fixed interest securities and buy selected equities. If the Dimon system now 
reintermediates credit assets, everything you thought you knew about the relationship between 
money credit and asset prices is wrong. … This report focuses on why large banks, part of 
the S&P500, can now produce positive real returns even as the longer-term decline in the 
valuation of the S&P500 continues.  
 
Well, I was certainly wrong about the decline in the valuation of the S&P500 but 
— small comfort — right about the performance of bank stocks. In the three 
years since the publication of that strategy report I have tried to map this 
structural change which is now clearly endorsed by a Fed Chairman who wants 
to both end the Fed’s gain of function by shrinking its balance sheet and re-
focussing policy on the role of banks as the natural creators of money.  
 
Commercial bankers benefit from financial repression because they are geared 
and borrow short from their somewhat captive and repressed depositors and lend 
at higher rates. It’s the high gearing inherent in fractional-reserve banking that 
allows commercial bank shareholders to benefit from financial repression, despite 
the fact that debts economy-wide are being ‘’inflated away.” This is what it means 
to investors when “money matters” in a financial repression. Since that report 
was published in June 2023, the S&P500 Index has risen 78 per cent and the 
S&P500 Banks Index has risen 138 per cent. Your analyst notes that the price of 
Blackrock has risen 65 per cent over the same period and other key providers of 
non-bank credit, with more direct balance sheet exposure to the provision of 
non-bank credit, have similarly lagged the S&P500 index. The price to book value 
of the S&P Banks index has risen from 1.1X to 1.8X over that period indicating 
that investors are more optimistic about the long-term earnings potential from 
bank capital.  
 
To be clear, your analyst is not recommending investment in U.S. banks today 
and regular readers would find it strange if that recommendation was in place 
given your analysts focus on the growing “shock of 26.” However, the long-term 
prognosis for bank equity to benefit from financial repression and produce 
positive real returns for investors remains in place. Finding such respite from 
inflation tax in a financial repression is not easy, especially if your savings are 
locked up in domestic assets through exchange controls. Hopefully at lower 
prices and lower price-to-book levels, your analyst will be able to advise when to 
invest again in U.S. commercial banks and profit from inflating away of debts as 
part of the financial repression.  
 
Today, however, the developed world faces, as your analyst has argued since the 
beginning of this year, higher interest rates and lower growth in the “shock of 
26.” This is not a good combination for equity markets and it can augur 
something more severe for highly geared economies than just an economic 
downturn. This is not the time to own bank stocks and, as I have argued before, 
the price of French bank equity seems particularly elevated given the country’s 
unfolding credit crisis. The global financial system is heavily exposed to French 
credit whether through holdings of its government debt or credit exposure to its 
commercial banks. Three French banks rank among the 16 most systemically 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
8 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
important banks in the world according to the Bank for International Settlements 
(BIS).  
 
If “money matters,” it’s time for a quick look at the global broad money data that 
shows why we should expect a growth shock in China and the developed world.  
 
Chinese broad money growth at 7.7 per cent year-on-year in July is near an all-
time low. For a country with a high savings rate, where the addition of material 
cash balances to savings is normal and thus velocity falls particularly quickly, this 
is a dangerously low level in broad money growth. The slowdown is a product of 
ever weaker growth in bank credit. When The People's Bank of China (PBOC) 
launched its reflationary RMB bond buying programme in the summer of 2024, 
Chinese commercial bank credit growth was more than 8.0 per cent year-on-year, 
but it is now at an all-time low of 5.2 per cent. If “money matters,” China is now 
running perhaps the tightest monetary policy it has ever run. If it looks like a debt 
deflation and smells like a debt deflation maybe it is a debt deflation even if the 
authorities continue to report growth in real GDP. This failure to reflate and 
stimulate domestic demand will hardly endear China to its trading partners 
desperate to see more of China’s domestic production consumed in China. The 
refusal by China to countenance much higher consumption at home makes it 
increasingly difficult for China to remain part of the global trading regime and 
global monetary system. China’s choice of tight money has profound 
repercussions in the creation of the new global monetary and economic order.  
 
In Japan, broad money growth is at 1.4 per cent year-on-year, a level only 
previously associated with low inflation or even deflation. The current rate of 
inflation is thus likely a product of higher import prices, a supply shock, and The 
Solid Ground is thus concerned that there will be a growth shock in Japan. The 
rapid rise in interest expense in Japan will likely hasten that growth shock.  
 
In the eurozone, broad money growth is 3.4 per cent year-on-year which is far 
too low for a monetary zone with highly indebted members who need to inflate 
away their debts. The banking systems of Ireland, Spain and The Netherlands are 
creating credit and money, but the banking systems of France and Germany are 
largely moribund. It is just part of the madness of the single currency experiment 
that the European Central Bank (ECB) will now raise interest rates to curtail 
growth and inflation at a time when its two largest economies are barely growing. 
In a true unitary monetary system bank, credit growth and money supply growth 
could be controlled by interest rates. But in the 21-member eurozone, it may be 
necessary to hike interest rates to contain growth rates in some states, with rapid 
bank credit expansion, while others stagnate.  
 
The increasingly evident structural problem for the eurozone, in an age of 
financial repression, is that each member state will be responsible for controlling 
bank credit and the repression of bond yields and this is entirely incompatible 
with the existence of a “single” currency with one monetary authority in 
Frankfurt. If the recent higher inflation data produces the rise in euro policy rates 
now expected this will be a disaster for the eurozone given the further pain it will 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
9 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
inflict upon the already suffering economies of France and Germany. In the 
eurozone if “money matters,” then monetary policy is too tight and about to get 
tighter still, given the likely effect of rising short- and long-term interest rates on 
bank credit growth.  
 
The victory for the anti-euro AfD party in the Saxony Anhalt election is likely to 
further push up bond yields in the eurozone. The rise in interest rates has 
structural and not just cyclical problems for the single currency experiment as it 
worsens the already grave financial stability problems for France. The uncertainty 
associated with the outcome of the French presidential election likely puts further 
upward pressure on French long-term interest rates at a time of no real GDP 
growth and the break-even inflation rate on France’s two-year domestic linker is 
just 1.8%- one of the lowest in the world.  
 
In the UK, long blessed with a single currency, a single monetary authority, a 
dominant fiscal authority and a single financial regulatory authority, broad money 
growth is 4.5 per cent year-on-year. In the opinion of your analyst that is still too 
low and there is room for higher broad money growth. However, the supply side 
shock of higher energy prices will — as it is doing across the developed world, 
perhaps with the exception of the U.S. — constrain economic growth. The UK’s 
unitary authorities have policy tools to deal with that economic slowdown. The 
still fairly newly won independence from the EU will enhance the ability of 
policymakers’ to boost bank credit growth and money growth and move to an 
easier monetary policy in due course. This flexibility of policy will stand in great 
contrast to the monetary, fiscal and regulatory mire within the single currency 
experiment. That contrast should attract capital flows into the UK though this 
depends on the local politicians not shooting the country in the foot by acting to 
repel capital. In so many ways the ball is falling into the hands of the UK and all 
it has to do is not drop it. That it is capable of dropping it is well known and, in 
the opinion of your analyst, possible but not probable.  
 
The focus on freeing up commercial banks to accelerate their lending in the U.S. 
has worked. As a result, annual M2 growth is 5.4 per cent, a level that historically 
has brought low inflation and steady growth. If anything, the growth in bank 
credit suggests that broad money growth may accelerate and that inflation may 
remain elevated especially if the current capex boom continues and commercial 
banks further finance the capex boom. As a consequence, inflation in the U.S. 
will continue to be elevated above the two per cent level but will subside quickly 
if the AI capex boom suffers one of those juddering halts that have been the 
feature of past technology led capex booms. Policymakers have little control over 
the AI capex boom resting as it does on financiers’ expectations of future returns 
from investment more than the level of interest rates. The history of such 
technology booms suggests these expectations of future returns are highly volatile 
and thus the AI capex boom is also likely to stagger from feast to famine.  
 
In this period of ample news about exchange rate intervention, bond market 
intervention and a central bank proclamation that “money matters,” your analyst 
attempts to put all of this into the context of the structural change in the global 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
10 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
monetary system. The now dying global monetary system has been the key driver 
of almost all of the changes in money, credit and asset prices over the past 30 
years. With each intervention in financial markets by policymakers, it becomes 
ever clearer that the current system will not long survive. 
 
 The Solid Ground has forecast that the new global monetary systems — for there 
will be two with one centred on China and the other centred on the U.S. — will 
be designed to enable the imposition of negative real interest rates and this means 
not just higher broad money growth but also restrictions on the free movement 
of capital. Scott Bessent explained, even before he came to office, how the 
construction of this new “grand economic re-ordering” is imminent and how he 
would “like to be a part of it.”  
 
I think as an economic historian and someone who has been in markets for forty years — I 
actually think that I’m beginning to look like it now — I think we are at a unique moment 
geopolitically. I can see in the next few years that we are going to have to have some kind of 
a grand global economic re-ordering. Something on the equivalent of a new Bretton Woods 
or, if you want to go back, something like The Steel Agreements or the Treaty of Versailles. 
There is a very good chance that we are going to have to have that over the next four years 
and I would like to be a part of it. I’ve studied this and I think it’s a unique skill set.  
 
Scott Bessent comments at The Manhattan Institute, June  2024  
 
In further comments at the same event in June 2024, he made it clear that this 
was about more than changing exchange rates but a greater re-ordering 
particularly in relation to “these mercantilist systems.”  
 
I don’t think there has to be a large-scale currency intervention. I think what we have to have 
is to go back to the eighties and even the nineties where there is a large-scale co-ordination 
between currency, between fiscal, between monetary. With the Chinese with a lot of these 
mercantilist systems, these excess reserves that are being accumulated, the level of the excess 
reserves just tells you that probably the initial trade agreement is not right, the level of the 
currency is being supressed, that there’s hidden subsidies – there is something wrong there 
with these excess reserves. Is there something else that could be done? Could you say — you 
are accumulating these excess reserves you are moving out of treasuries maybe we don’t think 
that is a good idea. ….I think we have to keep coming back to China for how do we think 
about the Chinese currency.  
 
In March 2024, your analyst addressed these same issues re creation of a new 
world monetary order in a presentation at a conference in Lyford Cay in The 
Bahamas that Scott Bessent attended. I wrote that presentation up later in 2024 
in 
an 
article 
for 
American 
Affairs,  
https://americanaffairsjournal.org/2024/11/america-china-and-the-death-of-
the-international-monetary-non-system/ 
 
If you have time, please read this article. It basically argues that the debt legacy 
and imbalances of the old monetary system would set the parameters for the 
creation of the new global monetary system or, if you prefer the words of Bessent, 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
11 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
a “grand economic re-ordering.” That new system would have to generate faster 
broad money growth and higher inflation while holding investors to negative real 
returns through financial repression.  
 
At the core of this new monetary order would be the enfranchisement of 
commercial bankers to create more credit and hence more money. In summary 
in such a system “money matters” and all the actions of Bessent and Warsh 
recognise that commercial banks will be the cornerstone of the new system. This 
“grand economic re-ordering.” is developing before our eyes and yet most market 
participants seem to see only randomness in the actions of the U.S. 
administration. 
 
Kevin Warsh’s Aug. 18, 2026 declaration that “money matters,” is another 
indication of what the “grand economic re-ordering” will look like. It will not be 
good for bond investors and will only be good for equity investors who are not 
subject to the valuation risk inherent when savings institutions are forced to sell 
equities to buy bonds. Bond yields will have to be kept low in a world of higher 
broad money growth and inflation, and it will take more than intervention by the 
U.S. Treasury to depress bond yields.  
 
Your analyst stands by the article in American Affairs, published in late 2024, that 
forecast the nature of the new global monetary system. However, your analyst 
notes that the conclusion that the PBOC’s RMB bond buying programme, then 
underway in 2024, was a path towards a more flexible Chinese exchange rate was 
wrong. 
 
By January 2025, following the election of Donald Trump, Chinese President Xi 
Jinping cancelled the PBOC RMB bond buying programme to ensure that the 
exchange rate policy could be maintained. This focus on the exchange rate and 
not greater domestic consumption was a key building block of the siege economy 
Xi would need to face down the accelerated containment likely to be the key 
policy of the new U.S. administration. His understanding that an accelerated 
containment was coming was correct. Barely a week passes without the U.S. 
adding another building block to its China containment strategy.  
 
However, Xi’s move to further depress domestic consumption, in preparation for 
that siege, has only increased the prospect of China’s containment. Other nations 
now struggle to cope with the economic, financial, social and political 
consequences from the massive over-production and export of Chinese products.  
 
The catalyst to force the “grand global economic re-ordering,” which Bessent 
said in 2024 that he thinks is all but inevitable in “the next four years,” will be 
China’s continued over production and under consumption and what that means 
for its trading partners. These trading partners will have to increasingly ostracise 
China from the global trading regime and with it the global currency regime and 
in so doing join the form of “grand economic re-ordering” that Bessent is now 
pursuing. This is what the U.S. expected to happen as China was forced to ‘dump’ 
products no longer bound for the U.S., and it is happening.  

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
12 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
 
Bessent’s avowed intention, discussed in the last few Solid Ground newsletters, is 
to whip the developed world into line to shore-up the U.S. dollar monetary 
system and to force recognition that China will have to be cut loose from it. Xi’s 
refusal to boost domestic demand and thus create less damage from the flow of 
cheap products from China is playing into Bessent’s hands. That ostracisation of 
China is what the U.S. wants, as it cannot accept the consequences for the U.S. 
from such a large mercantilist economy, and it will be increasingly what China 
wants as it fears ever greater containment by the U.S. and seeks to build its 
independence from reliance on that old system. Last week’s move by the U.S. 
Treasury to sanction a Turkish bank that has been used to transfer oil revenues 
from China to Turkey and thereon to the Iranian Revolutionary Guard brings the 
containment of China just that bit closer. If this develops into the conflict that 
your analyst expects, hopefully a cold war but potentially yet another hot war, 
perhaps fought again by proxies, then U.S. commercial banks will be key in 
funding both the necessary “friend shoring” and military build-up necessary in 
any such a conflict.  
 
There are two camps on the construction of the new world monetary order.  
Those who think the U.S. president is an idiot and thus, that there can be no 
coherent policy to build any new world order. This appears to be the majority 
opinion. Then there are those who think that the construction of that new world 
monetary order or “grand global economic re-ordering” is well progressed and 
going just as the U.S. would wish.  
 
Your analyst tends to be more in the second camp but sees a huge flaw in the 
system the U.S. is seeking to construct. That flaw is that the U.S, cannot rely on 
its economic and technological dynamism to continue to lure capital to its shores, 
something which it appears Scott Bessent assumes is a given. The very high level 
of investment in the U.S. by the foreign private sector is the weak underbelly of 
“American exceptionalism” in an age of financial repression when foreign savings 
institutions will be forced to repatriate capital rather than continue to finance 
America’s current account and fiscal deficits. Even if the U.S. continues to 
outgrow and out innovate the rest of the developed world, the stewards of foreign 
private sector savings will likely not be enfranchised by their local governments 
to participate in that growth. Bessent’s politicisation of capital flows works both 
ways and the capital wars that your analyst has predicted that follow are to the 
determent of developed world growth.  That includes the U.S.. Even if the U.S. 
can eventually win the war, the capital battles still to be fought are bad for growth 
and returns from both bonds and equities.  
 
There is also always the risk that during that capital conflict the U.S. threatens to 
“go nuclear” as foreign central bankers were openly discussing at the recent 
Jackson Hole symposium:  
 
Another of the Europeans' worries was that political meddling could eventually involve the 
dollar liquidity backstops provided by the Fed to the world's biggest central banks, considered 
a cornerstone of global financial stability, some of the sources said.  

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
13 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
 
These swap lines ensure that commercial banks around the world retain their access to U.S. 
dollars, especially in moments of financial stress.  
 
The Fed renews this facility year after year on the premise that it actually safeguards U.S. 
interests and markets, since overseas banks in moments of global market upheaval could 
otherwise be forced to dump U.S. bonds.  
 
"But rationality doesn't always prevail with this administration," a third source said. "When 
they run retaliatory trade policies with their closest allies, Trump could just say, 'Hey, they're 
ripping us off' and the swap lines could be gone overnight." 
 
Euronext — Europe's Central Bankers Fear More Turbulence in Testy U.S. Relations, 
Aug. 31, 2026  
 
The U.S. Federal Reserve, primarily via its swap line agreements with other central 
bankers, is the de facto if not de jure lender of last resort to the offshore U.S. 
dollar credit markets. All U.S. allies have commercial banks that borrow large 
amounts of U.S. dollars short and lend them long across the globe. They are able 
to access such short-term liquidity because creditors know that the U.S. Federal 
Reserve will provide — because it has always provided — U.S. dollar swap lines 
to other central banks that then on-lend these U.S. dollars to their commercial 
banks. Part of the leverage the U.S. has over nations withdrawing capital from 
the U.S. is the threat of cutting off access to this U.S. dollar lender-of-last-resort 
facility that supports their commercial banks. Foreign central banks are so 
concerned by this risk that they are discussing a U.S. dollar reserve pooling system 
that would enhance the ability of any one central bank to provide the U.S. dollar 
liquidity to its commercial banks in any such attack by the U.S. authorities. For 
investors it is enough to know that the prospect that U.S. dollar swap lines may 
be in the front line of the capital war and — to put it mildly — that would 
destabilise the global financial system.  
 
There was a certain amount of what The Duke of Wellington described as “hard 
pounding” in the battle to found a “grand global economic re-ordering” at The 
Bretton Woods hotel in 1944. However, then the global hegemon was so 
powerful that the rest of the non-Soviet world quickly came into line in backing 
the new global monetary system that was part of that re-ordering. This time the 
hegemonic position of the U.S. is not so clear and whipping the rest of the 
developed world into line it likely to entail particularly “hard pounding”- ask 
Canadians what that looks like. While it’s likely that Bessent and the U.S. will 
prevail in this war, especially if China become more belligerent in response to its 
containment, there will be casualties which your analyst expects to be in the form 
of lower bond and equity prices.  
 
All the uncertainty associated with this drive towards Bessent’s “grand economic 
re-ordering” is likely to be positive for the price of gold. The difference between 
your analyst and the consensus is that he can see piece by piece the U.S, 
administration straining to create the “grand economic re-ordering” which entails 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
14 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
a new world monetary order. The consensus sees no such construction underway. 
There is shock for markets if or when your analyst is proved right. At some point, 
President Xi will lash out against Bessent’s “grand global economic re-ordering” 
which he will see as part of the U.S.’s China containment policy. That would be 
an even bigger shock for markets and even more positive for the gold price.  
 
Any weaponisation of U.S. dollar swap lines by the U.S. authorities would be 
exceptionally powerful though exceptionally stupid. Threatening to effectively 
bring down part of the U.S. dollar credit system is, in the opinion of your analyst, 
threatening to bring down the whole U.S. dollar credit system. It is worth 
remembering that when Lehman Brothers went bust it had USD600bn in 
liabilities and a lot of those liabilities were held by the non-bank financial system. 
A withdrawal of U.S. swap lines would bring down commercial banks with much 
larger U.S. dollar liabilities than Lehman Brothers and many of these institutions 
lend to U.S. institutions. Also U.S. commercial banks and other U.S. institutions 
have significant credit exposure to these foreign banks. This interconnectedness 
is well known within the U.S. Federal Reserve and at Treasury if not necessarily 
in the rest of the administration.  
 
In the tit-for-tat capital war now developing, your analyst could not rule out that 
a U.S. administration could persuade the U.S. Federal Reserve to touch this third 
rail of international credit by withholding swap lines. Clearly there are central 
bankers across the world, based upon the comments above from Jackson Hole, 
that are concerned that such a risk exists. It is unlikely that things go this far but 
it is a reminder that these capital wars will get very bloody even if they never reach 
the level where effectively foreign commercial bankers have no lender of last 
resort in relation to their U.S. dollar credit. Creating the “grand global economic 
re-ordering” will need the wielding of much more overt power than the U.S. 
needed to wield at Bretton Woods. In the “hard pounding” to come in this battle, 
capital flows and financial markets are in the front line.  
 
If “money matters” again, as Kevin Warsh has explained, it matters in the context 
of a new global monetary system that has to be, due to the very high levels of 
developed world debt-to-GDP, constructed round higher bank credit growth, 
higher broad money growth and higher inflation. With each day that passes this 
is what the U.S. is straining to create.  Analysts and governments are caught in 
the headlights that is the erratic behaviour of the U.S. president. Once foreign 
politicians’ focus on the design of the new system, and there are indications that 
Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney, a former central banker, at least 
understands the nature of the U.S. plan, then capital wars are much more likely. 
Let us see if the likely capital exodus from U.S. portfolio assets to seed Carney’s 
Canada Strong fund leads to any U.S. retaliation. That will be a clear sign of the 
bloodshed for portfolio investors to come.  
 
Scott Bessent assures us that when it comes to creating a “grand economic re-
ordering” or a new world monetary order, “I’ve studied this and I think it’s a 
unique skill set.”  Bessent will understand that shoring up the U.S. capital account 
is a key part in creating the “global economic re-ordering.” He has already shown 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
15 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
this by pressuring South Korea and Japan on their foreign exchange reserves and 
the FDI decisions of their private sector corporations.  
 
Expect fireworks as the struggle over capital flows intensifies and the more bank 
credit growth and broad money growth the U.S. pursues the more it will need to 
shore up its capital account. If the U.S. is going to run with the high nominal 
GDP growth The Solid Ground expects is part of reducing debt-to-GDP, then 
shoring up the capital account is particularly important.  
 
In the old monetary order that was the Bretton Woods agreement, relative levels 
of broad money growth and inflation mattered. Both Germany and Switzerland 
had long focused on targeting the growth rate in broad money and their lower 
inflation outcomes tended to attract capital and lead to current account surpluses. 
Those nations with higher broad money growth and, as a result, higher inflation 
tended to repel capital, even in an era of capital controls, and run current account 
deficits. Capital controls were in place in many countries, and various forms of 
discrimination against foreign capital were in place in Germany and Switzerland, 
to prevent the flow of capital from high broad money growth countries to low 
broad money growth countries. Today just about everybody needs to run with 
high levels of broad money growth and high nominal GDP unless of course the 
Germans slip the monetary shackles that bind them to a grossly over-indebted 
France. However, constraining capital flows to stabilise bond yields and prevent 
capital flowing to open low broad money growth countries, mainly offshore 
financial centres and Switzerland, will still be necessary. When “money matters” 
to create higher nominal GDP growth, it increases the prospects that capital 
controls will also matter.  
 
It seems that every week the U.S. authorities put another brick in the wall to build 
the “grand economic re-ordering” that Bessent believes he is almost uniquely 
qualified to construct. That re-ordering will be painful for bond and equity 
investors but over the long-term the bull case for U.S. bank equity will remain in 
place. However, at this stage with the “shock of 26” and some “hard pounding” 
in the capital wars to come, it is best to remain as liquid as possible, continue to 
own those value stocks that benefit from the ostracisation of China and of course 
continue to own gold.  
 
That the U.S. Federal Reserve believes that “money matters” again is as clear a 
sign as you are going to get that we are living through the profound structural 
change that some, including the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, refer to as a 
“grand economic re-ordering.” Focusing on short-term alterations in economic 
growth and interest rates, the usually safe if difficult pastime of most macro 
investors, is now dangerous.  
 
J.M. Keynes was a failed macro investor, he referred to it as “credit cycling,” but 
converted to value investing in the early 1930s and produced excellent returns. 
He was then a key player in the “grand global economic re-ordering” of 1944 but 
ultimately his ideas were no match for the economic and military power of the 
then global hegemon. He did indeed have a “unique skill set” to design the “grand 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
16 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
global economic re-ordering” after the First and Second World Wars.  However, 
what prevailed, in both instances, was political reality.  
 
The political reality today is that China cannot be part of any “grand global 
economic re-ordering” established by the U.S.  All of the events, announcements 
and market interventions of the past few weeks indicate that the U.S. is 
accelerating that move to economic re-ordering and thus that China’s need to 
respond to it is closer still. Investors should remain as liquid as they dare as this 
rush to “re-ordering” produces capital wars and increases the risk of severely 
elevated geopolitical tension.   
 
 
 

 
©2026 Orlock Advisors Ltd  
 
17 
RUSSELL NAPIER 
russell@orlockadvisors.co.uk 
Newsletter 8th September 2026  
Established 1995
 
Important Legal and Regulatory Disclosures & Disclaimers  
 
This research is for the use of named recipients only and is copyrighted material. 
If you are not the intended recipient, please notify us immediately; please do not 
copy or disclose its contents to any person or body as this will be unlawful.  
 
Information and opinions contained herein have been compiled or arrived at from 
sources believed to be reliable, but Orlock Advisors Limited does not accept 
liability for any loss arising from the use hereof or make any representation as to 
its accuracy or completeness. Any information to which no source has been 
attributed should be taken as an estimate by Orlock Advisors Limited. This 
document is not to be relied upon as such or used in substitution for the exercise 
of independent judgement.  
 
At Orlock Advisors Limited we are committed to protecting your privacy. Our 
Privacy Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about 
people who receive Russell Napier’s written research or contact us; how we use it, 
the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure. 
It also contains information how to make a Subject Access Request.   
 
If you wish to receive a copy of this policy or have any questions regarding it, 
please send an email to dataprotection@orlockadvisors.co.uk  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
© 2026 Orlock Advisors Limited  
 
 
Postal Address: 33 Melville Street, Edinburgh EH3 7JF, Scotland  
 
Registered Address: 6 Logie Mills, Beaverbank Business Park Edinburgh, Lothian 
EH7 4HG, Scotland  
 
Company Number: SC36220   
