KBC Economic Research Report
 1
1 October 2026
Is a blue wave coming in the US elections?
On 3 November, US voters will again head to the polls. All US House members, a third of US Senators and 
36 governors will be up for election. As affordability concerns are driving President Trump’s popularity 
down, Democrats have obtained a sizeable 8.9 percentage point generic ballot polling lead. This makes 
them the clear favourites to win the House and gives them a decent chance to take control of the 
Senate. The election will have important economic consequences as the Iran war, the rule of law, Fed 
independence, state regulation and congressional redistricting are all on the ballot.
The US midterms, held on 3 November, are typically a 
referendum on the ruling president, often translating into 
a significant loss for the party in power. Another shift in 
the balance of power is likely this November. As Donald 
Trump’s approval rating is deeply under water (see figure 
1), Democrats obtained a sizeable lead of +8.9 percentage 
points on the generic ballot in polling averages.
The economy again features prominently in this midterm 
campaign. Inflation, in particular, is top of mind for many 
voters. 33% of voters cite inflation and prices as the most 
important issue facing the US (according to YouGov 
polling). This is unsurprising. Since January 2021, the 
overall CPI price index has increased by 27%. Still today, 
CPI inflation runs at 3.4% year-on-year.
Cost-of-living issues likely helped Trump to return to 
power. Back in 2024, voters trusted Donald Trump more 
than Kamala Harris on this issue. Nowadays, Trump is 
deeply under water on this topic, as his trade policies 
and the Iran war drove up goods and energy prices. His 
approval rating on other major issues has also dropped 
into deeply negative territory (see figure 2). 
Democrats favoured to control the House
As House members are elected for a period of only two 
years, all members of the House are up for reelection in 
November. Republicans only narrowly kept control of 
the House in 2024 with a 220 to 215 majority. It will be 
challenging for Republicans to maintain this majority. 
Since the Second World War, the president's party has 
lost an average of 26 seats in the House during the 
midterm elections. History is set to repeat itself in 2026. 
Prediction markets give Republicans only a 8.5% chance 
of maintaining control of the House. They even suggest 
there’s a 32% chance Republicans will hold less than 193 
seats after the midterms (see figure 3). The prediction 
model of The Economist only gives Republicans a 5% 
chance to win the House.
Economic 
Research 
Report

KBC Economic Research Report
 2
If Democrats capture the House, this could have 
important economic implications. Democrats would gain 
control over economic committees such as the House 
Financial Services Committee, the House Ways and 
Means Committee, the House Oversight and Government 
Reform Committee and the House Budget Committee. 
This will allow them to conduct investigations related to 
a.o. trade policy, financial regulation, antitrust cases, 
government contracts and so on.
Control of the House would also allow Democrats to block 
Trump’s legislative agenda. That said, most of Trump’s 
legislative agenda was incorporated in Trump’s One Big 
Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA) passed last year (see also our 
research report of 16 September 2025). The bill included 
a.o. major tax cuts, cuts to social security spending and 
increased funding for immigration control. The OBBBA 
also raised the debt ceiling from 36.1 trillion to $41.1 trillion 
USD. According to the Bipartisan Policy Center, this limit 
will be reached in the middle of next year, possibly setting 
the stage for a new debt ceiling fight. Democrats could 
also still threaten to shut down the government to extract 
political concessions, however. 
Democrats could also try to constrain Trump’s war efforts 
in Iran, though the legal avenues are limited. The most 
effective way to end the war would be to pass a joint 
resolution. Yet President Trump could veto it. Congress 
could overturn the President’s veto with a two-thirds 
majority in both chambers, which is unlikely to happen. A 
more effective way would thus be to constrain funding for 
the war. A Democratic House would not have the power 
to cut off already appropriated funding, but it could 
block supplemental funding requests for the Iran war.
Tight battle for the Senate
Retaking control of the Senate will be more challenging for 
Democrats. Republicans currently have a 53-47 majority, 
so Democrats would have to net four seats to retake 
control of the Senate. As US Senators are elected for a 
6-year term, only 35 seats are up for reelection. Though 
22 of those are currently held by Republicans, only one 
of those seats is from a state that Kamala Harris won (i.e. 
Maine). Only one other seat is from a state that Donald 
Trump narrowly won (i.e. North Carolina). Democrats thus 
have to gain at least two seats in states that Donald 
Trump won with a margin of more than 10 percentage 
points. Nonetheless, given the favourable political 
environment for Democrats, they have a fighting chance 
in some of those states (see figure 4). Democrats are seen 
as favourites to win the Alaska, Ohio and Texas Senate 
races and are the slight underdog in the Iowa Senate 
race. Because of that, prediction markets give Democrats 
a 63% chance of retaking the Senate (same odds as The 
Economist prediction model).
The outcome of the Senate elections is arguably more 
important than the outcome of the House elections. The 
US Senate not only has legislative authority but also 
has the power to confirm or reject several presidential 
nominations. The appointments of cabinet secretaries, 
along with many deputies and under-secretaries, require 
Senate approval. The appointment of most federal 
judges (including Supreme Court Justices) and many US 
attorneys require presidential nomination and Senate 
confirmation. A Democratic Senate take-over of the 
US Senate would thus hinder Trump’s current assault 
on the rule of law. Several heads of commissions and 
regulatory agencies (such as the Securities and Exchange 
Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau) also 
require Senate approval. 
Most importantly, from an economic perspective, is the 
requirement of Senate confirmation of all seven members 
of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. Former Fed-
Chair Jerome Powell’s term as governor expires in January 
2028. A Democratic Senate takeover would thus blunt 
Trump’s current assaults on the Fed’s independence, as 

KBC Economic Research Report
 3
Contact: kbc.economic.research@kbc.be KBC Group NV, Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, Belgium
Responsible editor: KBC Groep NV, Havenlaan 2 – 1080 Brussel – België – BTW BE 0403.227.515 – RPR 
Brussel
E-mail: kbc.economic.research@kbc.be
Any opinion expressed in this KBC Economic Research Report represents the personal opinion by the 
author(s). Neither the degree to which the hypotheses, risks and forecasts contained in this report 
reflect market expectations, nor their effective chances of realisation can be guaranteed. Any forecasts 
are indicative. The information contained in this publication is general in nature and for information 
purposes only. It may not be considered as investment advice. Sustainability is part of the overall 
business strategy of KBC Group NV (see https://www.kbc.com/en/corporate-sustainability.html). We 
take this strategy into account when choosing topics for our publications, but a thorough analysis of 
economic and financial developments requires discussing a wider variety of topics. This publication 
cannot be considered as ‘investment research’ as described in the law and regulations concerning 
the markets for financial instruments. Any transfer, distribution or reproduction in any form or means of 
information is prohibited without the express prior written consent of KBC Group NV. KBC cannot be held 
responsible for the accuracy or completeness of this information. 
Visit our website www.kbceconomics.com to 
find more analyses and projections of the KBC 
economists.
Trump wouldn’t be able to replace him by a more pliant 
governor. 
The current Senate elections also have implications for 
2028 and beyond, as Senators are elected for 6-year 
terms. A strong Democratic outcome would increase 
their chances of obtaining a government trifecta in 
the next presidential elections, while a Republican 
overperformance would blunt their chances. Democrats 
currently have 39% chance of have 53 or more senators 
after the midterms, while Republicans only have 10% 
chance of having 53 or more senators after the midterms 
(see figure 5).
State elections also matter
Aside from federal elections, important elections will 
also be fought at the state level. Most state legislative 
chambers will hold elections, and 36 governors are up 
for election. Republicans currently hold 26 out of 50 
governorships, but that is likely to change after the 
election (see figure 6). These local elections matter 
as many policies such as tax policies and important 
regulations 
(on 
the 
environment, 
zoning, 
artificial 
intelligence and so on) are set at the state level. 
Furthermore, these local elections could have important 
implications for control of the US House from 2028 
onwards. State governments are responsible for drawing 
the boundaries of federal House districts in their state. 
Some state officials draw these electoral boundaries 
in a way that gives their party an unfair advantage in 
House elections (so-called gerrymandering). Though both 
Democrats and Republicans practice gerrymandering, 
Republicans have gerrymandered more aggressively. 
They recently redrew maps in several states. As a result, 
according to Precision Analytica, Democrats now need 
to win the popular vote by 3.5 percentage points to gain 
control of the House. If Democrats were to gain more 
control of State governorships and legislative chambers, 
they could rebalance things.
Conclusion
The stage is set for another important US election in 
November. If Democrats gain control of the House, they 
could block Trump’s legislative agenda and launch a 
torrent of investigations. Yet Senate control would be the 
bigger prize for Democrats, as that would allow them 
to block controversial nominations. The elections will 
also affect control of state governments with important 
regulatory implications. Finally, these elections set 
the stage for the crucial 2028 presidential elections. If 
Democrats perform strongly in the Senate and at the 
local level this year, that will increase their odds of gaining 
a trifecta in 2028.
Laurent Convent 
laurent.convents@kbc.be
