[Page 1]
DB CoTD: Carry on until 5.5% ...or 6.4% 
 
The story du jour is higher global bond yields, but today I wanted to put it in some wider perspective. The 
House View at DB has long been that the backdrop is generally supportive of higher global yields, thanks to 
the supply-demand balance, term premium, and the inflation outlook. My view is that the latest rise in global 
yields is a continuation of the normalisation after the financial repression of the 2010s, rather than a sign that 
markets are yet focused on fiscal concerns. 
That said, the higher yields move, the more uncomfortable the long-term fiscal trajectory looks for many 
countries. But for now, that remains more of a second-order effect rather than the cause of the sell-off. 
At the same time, rising yields make it more difficult to maintain a short position because of the additional 
carry on offer. Today’s CoTD highlights that, over the past year, the Bloomberg U.S. Treasury Total Return 
Index is actually up by around 1%, even though 10-year Treasury yields have risen by roughly 60bps. The 
index has a slightly shorter duration than the 10-year benchmark, but the broader point remains. In the early 
2020s, extremely low yields meant that any increase in yields translated directly into total-return losses. 
Today’s picture is different, however. 10yr Treasuries could reach roughly 5.5% a year from now before total 
returns turn negative. Over a two-year horizon, yields would need to rise to around 6.4% for investors to lose 
money on a total-return basis. 
So, while I would expect our rates strategists to continue leaning towards higher yields absent a major shock, 
such as a recession or an AI-led equity bust, the worst of the bond market’s negative-return experience is 


[Page 2]
likely behind us. So that would make a change from what’s recently been the worst five- and ten-year total-
return period for many major government bond markets on record. While the long-term losses remain, an 
investor who bought 10-year Treasuries at the yield peak of 4.99% in October 2023 would have earned a total 
return of more than 16% by now. Hardly spectacular, but a useful reminder of the power of coupons in a 
challenging market. 
 
