[Page 1]
Trading & Sales / Monday Kick-off
Monday Kick-off
Factory Daily letter · 21 Sep 2026 · 7 min read
What we've been watching, themes we've been following, and what's coming up this week
Written by
Trading Strategy, Pictet Trading & Sales
This content is intended for distribution to professional clients, accredited investors, expert investors and institutional investors only, and it is reserved for the exclusive use
of the recipient.  Please refer to important disclosure and disclaimer information here.
First a quick recap:
Risk sentiment improved into the end of last week as oil prices retreated and AI-related equities rebounded into the end of what was a
pivotal week for global central banks. The Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan both raised rates (following the European Central Bank's move
the previous week) reinforcing the impression of a broader shift towards tighter policy globally. Markets appeared to welcome a move that
according to Fed Chair Kevin Warsh "starts to show we're serious" about tackling inflation, interpreting the move as strengthening the Fed's
credibility as reflected in the 10-year US Treasury yield falling back below 5.0% and supporting renewed demand for growth stocks. In Japan,
however, while Bank of Japan lifted its policy rate to 1.25% as expected, the split vote and cautious guidance weighed on the yen and
reinforced expectations that policy normalisation will remain gradual.
Commodity markets were mixed. Oil prices extended their recent pullback, with Brent crude falling to USD 103.69 per barrel as easing supply
concerns and diplomatic efforts reduced some of the geopolitical risk premium. Precious metals moved higher supported by ongoing
uncertainty and expectations that US rates may be approaching their peak.


[Page 2]
Economic data remained broadly resilient. In the United States, retail sales rose 1.2% month-on-month in August, comfortably exceeding
expectations and marking the strongest increase in five months. In Europe, Germany's ZEW Economic Sentiment Index improved to its
highest level since February, signalling continued, albeit cautious, optimism about the recovery outlook.
Coming up this week of 21 September:
Following last week's shift towards tighter monetary policy from the Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan, investors will be assessing the
market fallout and looking to comments from central bank officials and economic activity indicators for further clues on the policy outlook
as they continue to navigate developments in energy markets. Key data releases include flash PMI surveys across the euro area, the UK and
the US, Germany's Ifo Business Climate Index, consumer confidence readings and US durable goods orders.
Monday 21 September: US Fed Governor Goolsbee speech; Chicago Fed National Activity Index. Japan markets closed.
Tuesday 22 September: Euro area consumer confidence (flash); US API crude oil inventories; speeches from Fed officials Williams and
Jefferson; US ADP employment change. Japan markets closed.
Wednesday 23 September: Flash S&P Global PMIs (manufacturing, services and composite) for the euro area, UK and US; US EIA crude
oil and gasoline inventory data. Japan markets closed.
Thursday 24 September: Germany Ifo Business Climate Index; France business and consumer confidence; US current account balance;
initial jobless claims; Federal Reserve balance sheet.
Friday 25 September: Germany and UK GfK consumer confidence; US durable goods orders. China and Taiwan markets closed for the
Mid-Autumn Festival.
· 
· 
· 
· 
· 
Themes we’ve been following (summarised below):
Higher energy: Our charts on WTI crude, diesel, and US and European oil and gas benchmarks;
Central banks: Warsh delivers a hawkish hike;
Higher yields: When might they bite?
Narrowing breadth: Warning signal or healthy rotation?
Brief summaries of each theme follow below our exposure model update. As always, we wish our readers a productive week ahead.
----
· 
· 
· 
· 
EOM update
The lastest output from our Exposure Optimisation Model
The modelled global equity exposure was reduced to 64%, from 83% the previous, reflecting broad-based downgrades across all three regions.
The aggregate Regime score declined to 64% from 82% last week and was the sole driver of the weaker aggregate exposure.
All underlying indices except the Shenzhen are now operating in “bear” mode, meaning suggested exposure levels are determined exclusively
by the Regime factor.


[Page 3]
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence; EPFR Inc; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 18/09/2026. *Criteria are explained in the endnotes. 
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Copyright © 2025 S&P Global Market Intelligence; EPFR Inc; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 18/09/2026. *Criteria are explained in the endnotes. 
Our Exposure Optimisation Model (EOM) is a proprietary model that gives us tactical signals on the prevailing short-term regional equity
market regime. 
For a light introduction, see our letter “Introducing our Exposure Optimisation Model” again here; and the latest update can be found in full
here.
----


[Page 4]
Energy - Fuelling the fire?
The technical view
The macroeconomic backdrop has taken another inflationary turn recently as oil supply shocks linked to events in the Gulf continue to drive
the energy complex. Crude oil is up roughly 75% year to date, while related dynamics have been supporting an equity rotation that has seen
US and European energy benchmarks post year to date gains of about 44.5% and 39.1% respectively.
In last week’s Technical View we discussed how the rise in crude and diesel prices was feeding through to broader markets, notably via higher
US Treasury yields and the outperformance of US and European energy equities. We also reviewed key technical levels in WTI crude, diesel,
and US and European oil and gas benchmarks. See the article again in full here.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 14/09/2026.


[Page 5]
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 14/09/2026.


[Page 6]
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 14/09/2026. Technical levels are for illustrative purposes only and do not constitute investment advice or a
recommendation. Past performance is not indicative of future results. Not a product of any Pictet financial research unit. *Criteria are explained in the endnotes.
----
A pivotal week for central banks
The Fed hikes, The BoJ Hikes and the BoE holds
Last Wednesday, the Federal Reserve raised rates by 25bp for the first time in three years, lifting the fed funds target range to 3.75%–4.00% in
a unanimous decision (press release here). In the press conference Chair Warsh kept the door open to further tightening, while offering
limited forward guidance, as the Fed sought to reinforce its inflation-fighting credibility against a backdrop of higher energy prices and
geopolitical risk.
Markets interpreted the Fed decision as hawkish but credible. While policymakers signalled that further tightening may be required to
contain inflation, investors appeared encouraged by the Fed's emphasis on restoring inflation-fighting credibility rather than reacting to
short-term market volatility. US equities finished firmer the next trading day, with the S&P 500 up 1.1% to 7,637.76, the Nasdaq up 1.7% to
26,418.30 and the Dow up 0.6% to 51,778.04. The move was accompanied by a modest easing in Treasury yields, with the 10-year yield
retreating from above 5% to around 4.93%, suggesting markets viewed long-term inflation risks and future policy expectations as broadly
consistent with current pricing.
Outside the US, central banks offered a more nuanced message. The Bank of England left rates unchanged but acknowledged that elevated
energy prices could eventually require a policy response if inflationary pressures persist. In Japan, the Bank of Japan raised rates to 1.25%, its
highest policy rate in more than three decades, but stopped short of endorsing the pace of future tightening implied by market pricing.
While policymakers continued to signal that further rate increases may be required over time, cautious guidance weighed on the yen and
reinforced expectations of a gradual normalisation process. Nevertheless, the prospect of higher domestic yields in Japan has implications
beyond local markets, potentially reducing Japanese investors' incentives to allocate capital to overseas bond markets over the medium term.
Ahead of the Fed’s rate decision, we discussed the macro dynamics and market pricing feeding into the policy debate – see the letter in full
again here.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 15/09/2026.


[Page 7]
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 15/09/2026.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 15/09/2026.


[Page 8]
----
Higher yields – when might they bite?
AI and earnings have challenged the classic link between yields and valuations. Has the pain threshold simply moved higher?
Historically, US equity valuations have tended to move inversely with bond yields. Since 2023, however, that relationship has been challenged,
alongside the emergence of the AI investment cycle, a re-acceleration in earnings growth and renewed optimism about productivity gains.
While earnings strength and structural growth themes may now be offsetting a larger share of the valuation headwind from rising rates than
has historically been the case, higher yields still matter. It may nevertheless be premature to conclude that a structurally higher valuation
regime has been established, even if the threshold at which higher yields begin to exert more meaningful pressure on valuations appears to
have shifted higher.
Last week, with the US 10-year yield still above the 5%, we discussed where that valuation “pain threshold” may lie, how earnings growth
influences equities’ tolerance for higher rates and whether higher yields are more likely to trigger a broadening of market leadership than to
mark the end of the current cycle. See the letter in full again here.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 16/09/2026.


[Page 9]
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 16/09/2026.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 16/09/2026.
----
Narrowing breadth: warning signal or healthy rotation?
The bull market is not yet broken, but tighter policy, narrow leadership and deteriorating participation leave the market increasingly vulnerable to
technical setbacks.
The S&P 500 remains close to record highs, but participation beneath the surface has been weakening. Almost one-third of S&P 500
constituents are now in bear-market territory, the advance-decline line continues to diverge negatively, and several internal market-health
indicators have weakened materially. Yet while market breadth has deteriorated, history suggests this need not imply that the broader bull


[Page 10]
market has run its course. As long as earnings growth remains robust, narrowing participation may prove more indicative of rotation than
outright liquidation.
Last Friday, we turned to the recent deterioration in market breadth. We identified the sectors contributing most to the weakness, assessed
whether current conditions remain consistent with a correction-then-recovery scenario, and highlighted the key technical levels that may
determine whether leadership broadens or weakness begins to spread more widely across the market. See the letter again here.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 17/09/2026.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 17/09/2026.


[Page 11]
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics; Pictet Trading Strategy; as of 17/09/2026.
----
See again
Favourite themes from the Trading Strategy desk
Resilient macro data, a powerful AI-driven capex
cycle, broadening earnings strength and improving
market participation continue to underpin the US
equity backdrop (again here).
Central bank demand and moderating policy rate
expectations create a supportive backdrop for the
rebound (again here).
September is where the seasonal headwinds are
strongest (again here)
Further information
Our endnotes provide a quick reference guide to the technical indicators, quantitative tools and stock screening parameters
we regularly refer to in our publications. To find out more about the ideas presented in our publications, our global market
and sector exposure models and our stock-screening process, please contact the team:
h2 outlook: the pillars remain
supportive
panning for gold
september seasonality


[Page 12]
Route des Acacias 60
1211 Geneva 73
Tel +41 58 323 2323
tradingstrategy@pictet.com
Disclosure and Disclaimer information is available by consulting the following link:
https://pts.pictet.com/general-disclaimer
Endnotes and references for Trading Strategy publications
Model performance data is not a reliable indicator of future returns
Model performance calculation has a number of limitations and the results do
not represent the results of actual trading using client assets. The data
provided is gross of fees and other commissions.  Fees and charges will apply
and will reduce the final return.  No representation is being made that any
models or model portfolios illustrated will or are likely to achieve results similar
to those shown and there are often sharp differences between model
performance results and actual results achieved.
The Equity quantitative grades
Our equity quant process is one by which we rank and score the stocks
within our equity universe according to various short-term (i.e. EPS
growth) long-term (i.e. quality) and positioning (i.e. technical)
characteristics, and on relative and/or historical basis as appropriate. The
various scores make up a stock’s total or ‘global' grade’:Growth Grade: The
Growth Grade is a proprietary formula made up of earnings revision
momentum, past earnings growth, earnings stability, and current and long-
term earnings growth.  A grade above 55 is considered bullish on a 3-month
basis, bearish below 45 and neutral between 55 and 45.
EPS Grade: The EPS Grade is a proprietary formula consisting of current and
forward EPS growth, change and surprise data.  An EPS grade above 60 or
below 40 is considered predictive for future out/under performance.Sales
Grade: The Sales Grade is a proprietary formula made up of current and next
year’s sales momentum, past sales growth, sales stability, and current and long-
term sales growth. A grade above 55 is considered bullish on a 3-month basis,
bearish below 45, and neutral between 55 and 45.
Value Grade: The Value Grade is a proprietary formula made up of estimated
P/E, P/B, P/S and P/CF ratios. 40% of the grade is based on historical values and
60% on current market data.  A grade above 55 suggests a stock is cheap, below
45 expensive, and neutral between 55 and 45.
Quality Grade: The Quality Grade is a proprietary formula that focuses on the
balance sheet (i.e. change in accruals, change in free cash flows and
profitability). A grade above 55 suggests a healthy balance sheet.Credit Grade:
The Credit Grade focusses on the passive side of the balance sheet.  It is
divided into three sub-components to assess both short and long-term
solvency.  A grade above 55 suggests a strong capital structure, while a grade
below 45 suggests a weak one.
Money Flow Grade: The Money Flow Grade is a proprietary formula that gives
the accumulation/distribution based on the volume flows of a stock. A grade
above 55 indicates good money flow and a grade below 45 suggests weak
money flow.Smart Sentiment Grade: The Smart Sentiment grade is a contrarian
indicator based on investor positioning measures such as the days-to-cover
ratio, the put-call ratio, and the short-interest ratio.  A weak grade suggests ‘too
much’ optimism.
Relative Strength (RS) Grade: The RS grade measures the price momentum of
a stock over its 1-year price performance.
Global Grade: The Global Grade is a weighted average of the Growth, EPS
Sales, Value, Quality, Credit, Money Flow and Smart Sentiment Grades.
Trend Score
A normalized composite of 10 underlying indicators that look at price relative
to key moving averages, moving average trajectories and crosses, and
overbought/sold condition. Absolute and Relative scores range from -10
(worst) to +10 (best).


[Page 13]
The Exposure Optimisation Model
The PTS Exposure Optimisation Model (EOM) is a proprietary model
designed to give tactical signals on the prevailing short-term regional
equity market regime. The model is applied to each market on a mutually-
exclusive basis, with output expressed by way of exposure scores (US;
Europe; Japan and EM); in each case an average of underlying factors scores
with dynamic weighting applied according to the prevailing structural
market volatility regime. Exposure score ratings are: very bullish (80-100%);
bullish (60-80%); neutral (40-60%); bearish (20-40%); and very bearish (20-
0%). Factors are as follows:
Regime: A combination of technical indicators, moving averages and a
Constant Proportion Portfolio Insurance (CPPI) strategy, the regime score is
designed to reflect short-term market momentum in the region;
Valuation: Built around the forward price-to-sales ratio, the dynamic valuation
score is based on a calculation that is re-set on bull/bear market regime
changes and calibrated to facilitate regional comparison;
Economics: The economics score draws on real economy activity data (i.e.
heavy truck sales and shipping traffic), economic signals from financial markets
(i.e. yield-curves) and medium-term economic indicators (i.e. PMIs and
unemployment data); 
Flows: The flows score draws upon both active and passive weekly EPFR fund
flows data giving us an indication of risk appetite going into the week ahead; 
Market Sentiment: The market sentiment score is built around classic regional
market risk indices (i.e. VIX; ARMS) as well as soft survey data (i.e. U.of
Michigan Consumer Sentiment). The scoring system is applied in a similar
fashion at both regional and market level, while at sector level we refer only to
the Regime, Flows and Valuation factors.
Factor trends
When analysing factor performance in equity markets we look at the
performance of 5 theoretical long-short selections, each built around one of
our equity quantitative grades (i.e. growth (EPS momentum), price momentum
(RS), quality, sentiment and value), and each long the top decile and short the
bottom decile of stocks within the respective region in our equity universe in
terms of exposure to each specific score. 
Long-only selection lists
Our theoretical long-only selection lists (Europe and US) are made up of stocks
selected following a three-pronged approach (quantitative, qualitative and
technical), with reference to the in-house top-down and bottom-up
quantitative modelling and processes explained above, and with market timing
and objectives (theoretical targets and stop-losses) set with reference to
technical analysis.
Technical Analysis
The technical analysis used in this presentation combines traditional
technical tools: graphical analysis (trend lines, support lines, continuation
and reversal patterns) which determines the tendency, mathematical
indicators (moving averages, RSI, MACD) used as numeric filters and Elliot
wave theory which allows us to build a scenario with target levels and
invalidation points. We also occasionally refer to Ichimoku Cloud Technical
Analysis. 
Elliott Wave Theory: According to Elliott Wave Theory, markets move in
impulse waves – with five sub-waves (numbered 1-5 or I-V) following the
direction of the main trend, followed by three corrective sub-waves (A-B-C)
(example below).  These waves follow a set of specific rules and are linked to
each other by target and retracement ratios based on the Fibonacci sequence,
and the characteristics of each wave form an integral part of the reflection of
the mass psychology it embodies.
Relative Strength Index (RSI): A momentum oscillator that measures the
speed and change of price movements. It ranges from 0 to 100 and is typically
used to identify overbought or oversold conditions in a market. An RSI above
70 suggests that a stock may be overbought, while an RSI below 30 indicates
that it may be oversold.
The Moving Average Convergence Divergence (MACD): A trend-following
momentum indicator that shows the relationship between two moving
averages. It is calculated by subtracting the 26-period Exponential Moving
Average (EMA) from the 12- period EMA. The result is the MACD line. A nine-
day EMA of the MACD, called the signal line, is then plotted on top of the
MACD line, which can function as a trigger for buy or sell signals. When the
MACD crosses above the signal line, it is typically considered a bullish signal,
and when it crosses below, it is considered bearish.


[Page 14]
Ichimoku Cloud Technical Analysis: Ichimoku Cloud is a popular technical
analysis tool used to identify potential trends and support/resistance levels in
financial markets. It consists of several components, including the Kumo
(cloud), the Tenkan-sen (conversion line), the Kijun-sen (base line), and Senkou
Span (leading span). 
Time Horizon
Short-Term: 1 to 4 weeks
Medium Term: 1 to 3 months
Long Term: more than 3 months
General disclaimer
This marketing document is produced by the Trading and Sales Division of
Banque Pictet & Cie SA (hereafter “Pictet”), a Swiss bank under the supervision
of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority FINMA. This document is
not a product of any Pictet financial research unit and therefore is not subject
to the “Directives on the Independence of Financial Research” of the Swiss
Bankers Association. This marketing document has not been prepared in
accordance with the legal and regulatory requirements to promote the
independence of research.
This document is not an investment advice. The information, tools and material
presented in this document are not to be considered as an offer or solicitation
to buy, sell or subscribe any securities or other financial instruments. In
researching the past market history of prices and trading volumes, the persons
who prepared this document (hereafter the “authors”) apply special technical
methods and formulas to identify and project price trends, including technical
analysis.
This document does not constitute the investment policy of Pictet and/or the
investment policy of Pictet Canada L.P,  Banque Pictet & Cie SA Singapore
Branch, Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, and its branches (hereafter collectively
“affiliates”) but merely the different assumptions, views and analytical methods
of the authors. Pictet and/or any of its affiliates may have issued other
documents that are inconsistent with, and reach different conclusions from the
information and opinions presented in this document.
The value and income of any of the securities or financial instruments
mentioned in this document can fall as well rise. Indeed, they may be affected
by many factors. Past performance should not be taken as an indication or 
guarantee of future performance and no representation or warranty, expressed
or implied, is made by Pictet and/or any of its affiliates regarding future
performance. Pictet and/or any of its affiliates accept no liability for any loss or
damage arising from the use of this document.
In accordance with the responsible investment policies of Pictet, investments
are prohibited in companies that: - Derive any revenue (threshold >0%) from
controversial weapons, including anti-personnel mines, cluster weapons,
biological and chemical weapons, and nuclear weapons (for companies
domiciled in countries not signatory to the 1968 Treaty on the Non-
Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons). - Derive 25% or more of their revenues from
thermal coal extraction. - Derive 25% or more of their revenues from thermal
coal power generation if operating in high-income countries. - Derive 50% or
more of their revenues from thermal coal power generation, or are involved in
thermal coal expansion (new mines or new power capacity), if the investment
involves Pictet’s balance sheet. - Derive 25% or more of their revenues from oil
and gas activities (including Arctic drilling, shale energy, oil sands, and oil and
gas production), if the investment involves Pictet’s balance sheet.
Depending on the evolution of the responsible investment policies of Pictet,
further restrictions might apply. Information and opinions contained in this
document may be subject to frequent changes and are set for indicative
purpose only. Pictet and/or any of its affiliates have no obligation to update,
modify or amend this document or to otherwise notify a reader thereof in the
event that any matter stated herein becomes inaccurate. Information and
opinions presented by Pictet have been obtained from sources believed to be
reliable, and, although all reasonable care has been taken, Pictet and/or any of
its affiliates are not able to make any representations as to its accuracy or
completeness. Information usually attributed to a unique specific source is
quoted whenever such source is available. Otherwise, the information may
have been gathered from public news dissemination services.
This document does not take into account the specific investment objectives,
the financial situation and the particular needs of any person who may receive
this report and invest in any financial instrument. Therefore, investors should
seek financial advice regarding the suitability of investing in any securities or
investment strategies discussed in this report. Pictet and/or any of its affiliates
make no representation and give no advice in respect of any tax, legal or
accounting matters in any applicable jurisdiction.
The reader should note that the model portfolio (if any) set out in this
document is not a portfolio management product, it may not be updated and
Pictet and/or any of its affiliates may discontinue the publication or
distribution of the model portfolio at any time. The reader should not replicate
part or all of, or rely on, the model portfolio to construct its own investment
portfolio.


[Page 15]
The trademarks, logos and images set out in this document are used only for
the purpose of this publication.
Disclosure & disclaimer information is available by consulting the following
weblink at: https://pts.pictet.com/general-disclaimer .
Vendor disclaimers
Any index used in this document is the intellectual property of its relevant
owner (hereafter "the owner"). The owner has not been involved in any way in
the creation of any reported information and does not give any warranty and
excludes any liability whatsoever (whether in negligence or otherwise) –
including without limitation for the accuracy, adequateness, correctness,
completeness, timeliness, and fitness for any purpose – with respect to any
reported information or in relation to any errors, omissions or interruptions in
the relevant index or its data.
Any dissemination or further distribution of any such information pertaining to
the owner is prohibited.
Please click on the following weblink in order to read the vendor-disclaimer of
each index used in our publication:
https://pts.pictet.com/vendor-disclosure. 
Conflicts of interest
A part of the compensation of the authors may be, directly or indirectly, related
to the specific performance of recommendations or views expressed in this
document. Authors are also paid a salary plus bonus based on the overall
revenue generated by Pictet which may include a portion generated by the
Trading and Sales Division. Pictet, its affiliates or any of its employees are not
subject to the prohibition on dealing in any financial instrument mentioned at
any time before this document is distributed. For the companies mentioned in
this document, Pictet, its affiliates, or any of its employees involved and not
involved in the preparation of this document may from time to time have
long/short positions or holdings in the securities or other related investments.
Nevertheless, the position of Pictet or any of its affiliates does not exceed the
threshold of 0.5 percent of the total issued share capital of the issuer
Otherwise, a statement to that effect will be disclosed. The authors of this
document, nor any related household members, are neither officers, nor
directors, nor advisory board members of any covered company. Pictet, its
affiliates or any of its employees may use the above mentioned strategy for
their own activity. Pictet or any of its affiliates did not, for any company
mentioned in this document: (a) manage or co-manage a public offering in the
past 12 months or (b) participate in any issues of securities in the last 3 years.
Pictet, any of its affiliates or authors have not received any compensation from
any covered company in the last 12 months and do not expect to receive or
intend to seek any compensation for investment banking services in the next 3
months. Pictet may act from time to time as a market maker for any security
mentioned in this document.
Pictet and its affiliates provide a vast array of financial services other than
investment banking. The reader should assume that Pictet and its affiliates
receive compensation for those services. Moreover, the companies mentioned
in this document could currently be or could have been during the last 12
months a client of Pictet or any of its affiliates. The Trading and Sales Division
of Pictet is engaged in selling and trading in securities which relate to this
document. Pictet, its affiliates and its authors adhere to professional standards
and abide by a formal code of ethics that puts the interests of its clients ahead
of their own interests. Pictet is not aware of any other possible conflict of
interest, not already disclosed above, that may affect the objectivity of this
document. Pictet and its affiliates maintain effective internal arrangements and
information barriers to prevent and manage conflicts of interest, and are not
aware of any additional conflicts affecting the objectivity of this document.
Where this document contains a potential recommendation that has been
disclosed to the issuer and subsequently amended, this will be clearly stated
herein.
Report distribution
This document is not directed at, or intended for distribution to, or publication
for use by, any person or entity that is a citizen or resident of, or located in, any
locality, state or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication,
availability or use would be contrary to applicable law or would subject Pictet
or any of its affiliates to licensing or other requirements within such
jurisdiction. This document is directed to persons having professional
experience in matters relating to investments. Services referred herein is not
aimed at retail clients. This document shall only be read and used by the person
to whom it is addressed, any form of transmission is strictly prohibited. Pictet
and/or any of its affiliates are not liable for the use  or exploitation of this
document. No liability whatsoever will be incurred by Pictet and/or any of its
affiliates.
In the USA and in Canada: In the United States, distribution by Pictet Group
and its affiliated entities is permitted as provided by the exemption under Rule
15a-6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and is intended exclusively for
major US institutional investors, as defined by Rule 15a-6. All major US
institutional investors may effect a transaction in accordance with the above
mentioned rule with Pictet Overseas Inc., a US registered broker-dealer.Please
click on the following weblink in order to read the full disclosure information
for distribution from Pictet Overseas or from Pictet Canada: Pictet Overseas
Inc. & Pictet Canada L.P. disclosure information:
https://pts.pictet.com/disclosure-canada-and-overseas
In the United Kingdom: This document is distributed by Bank Pictet & Cie
(Europe) AG, London Branch (hereafter « Pictet London » ) that is a branch of
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG.
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG is a credit institution incorporated in Germany
and registered with the Handelsregister, the German Commercial Register
under the no. HRB 131080. Its head office is at Neue Mainzer Str. 1, 60311
Frankfurt am Main, Germany. Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG is authorised and
regulated by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, the German
Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin).
Pictet London is registered as a United Kingdom (UK) establishment with
Companies House (establishment number BR016925) and its UK establishment
office address is Stratton House, 6th Floor, 5 Stratton Street, London W1J 8LA.
It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and subject to
regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and limited regulation by
the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation
by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request.
This document has not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements
designed to promote the independence of research. It has to be considered as
non-independent research and a marketing document. This document is
intended only for UK clients who meet the UK version of the Markets in
Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID) client categorisation requirements of
professional clients or eligible counterparties. This material is not intended for
retail clients.
In Luxembourg and the European Economic Area: This document is
distributed by Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, a credit institution incorporated
under German law with its head office at Neue Mainzer Str. 2-4, 60311
Frankfurt am Main, Germany, authorised and regulated by the Bundesanstalt
für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, the German Federal Financial Supervisory
Authority (BaFin), and through its following branches:
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, succursale de Luxembourg, is authorised and
regulated by the BaFin and is subject to limited regulation by the Luxembourg
Financial Authority, Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF);
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, succursale de Paris, is authorised and
regulated by the BaFin and is subject to limited regulation by the ACPR
(Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution) and the AMF (Autorité des
Marchés Financiers);
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, succursale italiana, is authorised and
regulated by the BaFin and is subject to limited regulation by the Consob
(Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa);


[Page 16]
©2026, Trading Strategy, Pictet Trading & Sales, Pictet Group
Disclosure - Trading strategy publications
Endnotes and references
Cookies policy
KID-Complaint procedure
Privacy notice
Asset services
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, sucursal en España, is authorised and
regulated by the BaFin and is subject to limited supervision by the Bank of
Spain and CNMV (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores);
Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, succursale de Monaco, is authorised and
regulated by the BaFin and is subject to the supervision of the Commission for
the CCAF (Control of Financial Activities).
This document has not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements
designed to promote the independence of research. It has to be considered as
non-independent research and a marketing document. This document may
constitute an investment recommendation under the European Union Market
Abuse Directive (2015/57 EU) and the European Union Market Abuse
Regulation (Regulation 596/2014). This document is intended only for
Luxembourg and EEA clients who meet the Markets in Financial Instruments
Directive (MiFID) client categorisation requirements of professional clients or
eligible counterparties. This material is not intended for retail clients.
The information, tools and material presented in this document are provided
for information purposes only and are not to be used or considered as an offer
or solicitation to buy, sell or subscribe any securities or other financial
instruments. This document does not constitute the investment policy of Bank
Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, nor investment recommendation, and merely
contains the different assumptions, views and analytical methods of the
analysts who prepared them. Furthermore, information, opinions and estimates
expressed herein reflect a judgment at its original date of publication and are
subject to change without notice. Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, may have
issued other reports that are inconsistent with, and reach different conclusions
from, the information presented in this report. Information and opinions
presented by Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, analysts have been obtained from
sources believed to be reliable, and, although all reasonable care has been
taken, Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, is not able to make any representation as
to its accuracy or completeness. Accordingly, Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG,
accepts no liability for loss arising from the use of this document presented for
information purposes only. This report is distributed by Bank Pictet & Cie
(Europe) AG based in Frankfurt, Germany. Bank Pictet & Cie (Europe) AG, and
its affiliates (or employees thereof) may or may not have long or short positions
in, and buy or sell, any of the commodities, futures, securities or other
instruments and investment mentioned herein, or derivatives on any of the
same.
In Singapore: This document is distributed by the Trading & Sales Division of
Banque Pictet & Cie SA Singapore Branch (hereafter “BPSA SIN”), and is not
directed to, or intended for distribution, publication to or use by, persons who
are not accredited investors, expert investors or institutional investors as
defined in section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore
(“SFA”) or any person or entity that is a citizen or resident of or located in any
locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution,
publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or would
subject BPSA SIN and any of its affiliates or related corporations to any
prospectus or registration requirements. Where BPSA SIN deals with the client
as an accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor, BPSA SIN is
exempted from complying with certain requirements under the Financial
Advisers Act 2001 of Singapore (“FAA”) and certain regulations, notices and
guidelines issued thereunder, as well as certain requirements under the SFA
and certain regulations and notices issued thereunder. Please contact BPSA
SIN in Singapore in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with
this document at ptssingapore@pictet.com
This document is only meant as a marketing tool and is not a product of any
independent financial research unit. The information, tools and material
presented in this document are provided for information purposes only and are
not to be used or considered as an offer, an invitation to offer or solicitation to
buy, sell or subscribe for any securities, commodities, derivatives, (in respect of
Singapore only) futures, or other financial instruments (collectively referred to
as “Investments”) or to enter into any legal relations, nor as advice or
recommendation with respect to any Investments.
The model portfolio set out in this document is not a portfolio management
product, it may not be updated and BPSA SIN may discontinue the publication
of the model portfolio at any time. An investor should not replicate part or all
of, or rely on the model portfolio to construct its own investment portfolio.
In Japan: This publication is provided solely to Pictet Asset Management
(Japan) Ltd. for the purpose of review, translation and, where appropriate,
distribution to residents of Japan in accordance with applicable laws and
regulations.
This publication is not intended for direct distribution by the originating entity
to any resident of Japan. Any distribution in Japan shall be conducted solely by
Pictet Asset Management (Japan) Ltd. For publications that may ultimately be
distributed in Japan, any such distribution would be conducted in compliance
with applicable Japanese laws and regulations, including the Financial
Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan.
Further information
Additional information is available upon request.
Banque Pictet & Cie SA
Pictet Trading & Sales
Trading Strategy
Route des Acacias 60
1211 Geneva 73
Switzerland
Tel: +41 58 323 12 50
tradingstrategy@pictet.com
