[Page 1]
Midterms 2026:  
The Stakes Beyond the Ballot Box
Global Market Strategy, New York Life Investment Management
NOT FDIC INSURED | MAY LOSE VALUE | NO BANK GUARANTEE
As the U.S. heads toward its midterm elections on 
November 3, control of both chambers of Congress 
is in play. Whatever the outcome, the scope for major 
legislation over the next two years may be limited, as 
divided or narrow congressional majorities typically 
constrain the ability to pass significant new legislation. 
Beyond control of Congress, the election results may 
offer insight into the economic and political forces 
shaping the investment landscape. 
Over the past several years, three forces, among others, 
have shaped our investment outlook and global financial 
conditions: a more restrictive rates environment, 
influenced by the limits of debt-financed fiscal expansion; 
the dominance of AI as a macro and market driver; 
and a shifting global geopolitical regime driving global 
positioning and risk considerations. The midterm elections 
provide a useful read on how voter sentiment around 
these themes is evolving, even as the forces themselves 
extend beyond a single election cycle. 
In this piece, we look beyond the electoral horse race to 
examine what the midterms could tell investors about 
these three forces, and what those signals mean for 
markets in 2027 and beyond. 	
The midterm math points  
to a shake-up
The November midterms put control of both chambers of 
Congress in play, with a divided government as the most 
likely outcome in our view. Republicans currently hold 
narrow majorities in both chambers: 218 Republican-held 
seats to 214 Democratic-held seats in the House,  
and a 53-47 advantage over the Democratic caucus in  
the Senate.1  
While every House seat is contested during the midterms, 
roughly one-third of Senate seats are up for election. 
ELECTION INSIGHTS: 09.2026
1 U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate, accessed September 2026.


[Page 2]
2  |  Midterms 2026: The Stakes Beyond the Ballot Box
The nonpartisan Cook Political Report highlights greater 
vulnerability among Republican-held House districts, 
with 16 of the 21 races currently rated “Toss Ups” held 
by Republicans.2 The Senate has become increasingly 
competitive, with Cook rating six races as “Toss Ups,” 
five of which are currently held by Republicans.3 Still, 
Democrats face a higher hurdle to gain control of the Senate, 
requiring a net gain of four seats to secure a majority. 
Midterms have rarely been kind to the party in the White 
House. History points to a persistent midterm challenge 
for the president’s party, which has lost House seats 
in 20 of the 22 midterm elections since 1938.4 Narrow 
congressional margins, a competitive electoral map, and 
the historical headwinds facing the president’s party leave 
control of Congress firmly in play.
FIGURE 1 | MIDTERMS HAVE RARELY BEEN KIND TO THE PARTY IN THE WHITE HOUSE
Midterm 
elections
Party in Control  
Before Election
House  
Seats 
Lost
Senate 
Seats 
Lost
Chamber Lost
Unemployment 
Rate
CPI 
(YoY)
U. of Michigan 
Consumer Sentiment
2006
Republicans (G.W. Bush)
30
6
House & Senate
4.5%
2.0%
92
2010
Democrats (Obama)
63
6
House
9.8%
1.1%
72
2014
Democrats (Obama)
13
9
Senate
5.8%
1.3%
89
2018
Republicans (Trump)
41
+2
House
3.8%
2.2%
98
2022
Democrats (Biden)
9
+1
House
3.6%
7.1%
57
2026 
(Current)
Republicans (Trump)
4.1%
3.4%
~55
Sources: New York Life Investment Management Global Market Strategy, Bureau of Labor Statistics, University of Michigan, U.S. House of Representatives, U.S. 
Senate, September 2026. 
Meaningful legislative action  
may remain limited
Historically, divided government has not always meant 
legislative paralysis. There are plenty of examples of 
consequential legislation born out of compromise post-
midterm elections, including the 1983 Social Security 
reforms under President Reagan and the 1996 welfare 
reforms under President Clinton.5  
A divided Congress would likely shift more policymaking 
toward executive action and could create more 
opportunities for political brinkmanship. Budget 
negotiations, government funding deadlines, and the 
debt ceiling are already recurring sources of uncertainty. 
A Democratic-controlled chamber could place greater 
emphasis on investigations and executive-branch 
oversight. Importantly, these risks are not unique to 
a divided government: the record 43-day government 
shutdown in 2025 occurred while Republicans controlled 
the White House and both chambers of Congress.
Fiscal risk is likely to reinforce 
today’s elevated rate environment
Congress holds the U.S. government’s purse strings, so 
it is natural that fiscal impact is usually the top investor 
question around the midterms. But this election year, 
fiscal considerations are even more relevant for  
investors as we expect a more restrictive rates 
environment to persist.
Over the past several decades, both political parties have 
added to the federal debt to similar degrees. In this sense, 
a sweep by either party would likely result in the highest 
proposed fiscal spending. In the more likely split Congress 
scenario, political gridlock is almost certain, but this 
gridlock must be broken when the debt ceiling is due to 
be raised – as soon as early 2027. The typical solution to 
congressional deadlock is compromise spending, in which 
both parties agree to fund certain priorities in exchange 
for raising the debt ceiling or passing  
budget resolutions. 
2 Cook Political Report, 2026 CPR House Race Ratings, August 2026.
3 Cook Political Report, 2026 CPR Senate Race Ratings, August 2026.
4 Brookings Institution, What history tells us about the 2026 midterm elections, August 2025. 
5 U.S. Government Publishing Office, U.S. Statutes at Large, accessed September 2026.


[Page 3]
3  |  Midterms 2026: The Stakes Beyond the Ballot Box
FIGURE 2 | U.S. FEDERAL DEBT HAS GONE UP NO MATTER WHO IS IN CHARGE — WILL IT CONTINUE?
U.S. Federal Debt by the President’s Political Party
Sources: New York Life Investment Management Global Market Strategy. Macrobond Financial AB, Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, Macrobond, August 2026.
Sources: New York Life Investment Management Global Market Strategy. U.S. Department of Treasury, Macrobond, September 2026.
Democrat
Republican
40
35
30
25
20
15
20
5
0
1960
1965
1970
1975
1980
1985
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
USD, trillions
We expect the bond market to remain a live arbiter of 
fiscal health, and in the absence of greater bipartisan 
fiscal discipline, we expect market-determined interest 
rates to remain elevated and volatile. This midterm  
season occurs in the thick of a particularly vulnerable 
Treasury selloff, unprecedented Treasury intervention  
to contain yields, and a clear reset in the term premium 
as investors demand greater compensation for duration. 
The average interest rate the U.S. government pays on its 
roughly $40 trillion public debt outstanding is now 3.5%, 
meaning that about 5% of real GDP goes to annual debt 
service payments.
FIGURE 3 | RISING DEBT LEVELS AND FINANCING RATES ARE CAUSING EXPONENTIAL GROWTH IN 
THE U.S. INTEREST BURDEN
6
5
4
3
2
1
0
Average interest rate on U.S. public debt,  
percent
45000
40000
35000
30000
25000
20000
15000
10000
5000
0
Total U.S. public debt, USD billions
2026
2024
2022
2020
2018
2016
2014
2012
2010
2008
2006
2004
Average interest rate on U.S. public debt
U.S. Treasury total public debt outstanding
The U.S. is not alone in facing severe fiscal tradeoffs. 
Governments across developed markets, including in 
Europe, Japan, and the UK, are also facing stubborn 
pressure on long-end rates. This global context is 
meaningful for investors because global interest rate 
differentials may remain compressed, creating a more 
ambiguous impact of fiscal risk on the dollar, rather than 
driving a clear case for depreciation. 


[Page 4]
4  |  Midterms 2026: The Stakes Beyond the Ballot Box
Midterms may shed light  
on the popular pushback to  
the data center build
The investment implications of the midterms may 
extend well beyond new policy and into how voters are 
responding to policies currently underway. AI offers 
perhaps the clearest example: its physical footprint, from 
data centers to power demand, has expanded rapidly 
enough to turn a major investment theme into a local 
political issue. 
Demand for AI infrastructure has outstripped supply, while 
new capacity increasingly brings questions around local 
electricity costs, water and land use, and noise. It stands 
to reason that Virginia and Texas, which have the most 
data center construction underway, would also have some 
of the loudest pushback. 
However, our analysis of data center construction and the 
political salience of the AI theme across states suggests 
that the intensity of the political response is not simply 
a function of how many data centers are being built. 
Michigan and Wisconsin, for example, have considerably 
less data center activity, yet data centers have generated 
high levels of political attention on par with those in 
Virginia and Texas. We believe the common thread is how 
visible the data center impact is to local communities, 
making AI a kitchen table issue.
FIGURE 4 | RUNNING AGAINST THE MACHINE
Data Center Construction Volume vs. Political Salience
VA
TX
OH
WI
MI
PA
GA
NY
MD
IN
NC
AZ
MI
SC
AL
IA
FL
KS
NV
OK
ME
NH
LA
TN
CA
10
9
8
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
Political salience score
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Footnote: Political salience is a 0 (least)–10 (most) directional score developed by the New York Life Investment Management Global Market Strategy team based 
on its review of news coverage regarding the extent to which data centers/AI have become an explicit issue in 2026 gubernatorial, congressional and state-level 
races. The scores reflect subjective assessments, are not based on a standardized quantitative methodology and should not be interpreted as predictions of election 
outcomes, public opinion or future policy actions. The chart shows only the 25 states with clear evidence of political salience; omission of a state does not indicate a 
score of zero. Other methodologies or information could produce different results.
Sources: New York Life Investment Management Global Market Strategy, Aterio, NPR, Politico, CNBC, Newsweek, The Hill, Capital & Main, Data Center Watch, 
September 2026.
Data centers under construction
The politics of data centers are largely local and do 
not break neatly along party lines. Candidates and 
policymakers in both parties have supported a range of 
mitigating policies, including data center moratoriums, 
permitting restrictions, and utility ratepayer protections. 
State and local results may now be particularly relevant 
for investors, as local policy can influence where and how 
quickly new capacity gets built.
However, this does not change our view that the AI 
investment cycle is a durable, multi-year driver of 
U.S. growth and market conditions. Demand for AI 
infrastructure continues to outstrip supply. Election results 
may indicate where local resistance could affect the pace 
and geography of the buildout at the margin. For investors, 
they may also help distinguish between opposition that 
remains local and resistance that is becoming part of a 
broader political constraint on the AI buildout ahead of the 
2028 presidential election.


[Page 5]
5  |  Midterms 2026: The Stakes Beyond the Ballot Box
Midterm results may influence, 
but not derail, geopolitical shifts 
at play
Strategic competition, economic nationalism, and a 
greater focus on national security are increasingly shaping 
global trade and investment. U.S. political parties may 
disagree on which policy tools to use, but there is broad 
bipartisan support for priorities such as competing with 
China, securing critical supply chains and technology, and 
strengthening the U.S. trade position. 
In our view, the midterms may matter more for the 
pace than direction of these global priorities. A divided 
Congress could increase oversight and seek to constrain 
executive authority, including on military operations. But 
doing so with tariffs, for example, could face a high hurdle, 
particularly given the broader bipartisan shift toward 
more assertive trade policy in recent years. Tariff rates 
could move higher as the administration continues to use 
existing trade authorities. Ultimately, the broader shift 
toward a more fragmented global economy is unlikely to 
hinge on which party controls Congress. 
For investors, the continuation of this theme matters. A 
world shaped increasingly by geopolitics and economic 
security may bring greater differentiation across countries, 
potentially increasing the value of diversification and 
active management. We expect U.S. exceptionalism to 
remain an important driver of U.S. equity performance, 
supported by the AI investment cycle and the dollar’s 
continued safe-haven role. At the same time, we see ex-
U.S. equity exposure playing an increasingly important 
diversification role as the U.S. becomes more dominated 
by tech-related opportunities. Outside of equities, we 
expect to see a more dynamic environment in real assets, 
as oil, gold, and industrial commodities continue  
reflecting both the short- and long-term consequences of 
this realignment.
FIGURE 5 | THE EFFECTIVE TARIFF RATE COULD MOVE HIGHER AGAIN
60
50
40
30
20
10
0
Percent
2020
2000
1980
1960
1940
1920
1900
1880
1860
1840
7.2%
U.S. Effective Tariff Rate
Sources: New York Life Investment Management Global Market Strategy, Tax Foundation, The Budget Lab at Yale, Macrobond, September 2026.
What matters after November
The most important takeaway from the midterms 
may have little to do with who controls Congress. The 
election could shape the pace and implementation of 
policy, but the forces driving our outlook are bigger than 
a single election cycle. Fiscal pressures are likely to 
keep rates elevated, the AI investment boom remains 
firmly underway, and the global geopolitical shift toward 
great power competition continues to reshape trade, 
technology, and capital flows. 
The election may also reveal where these forces are 
changing at the margin. Fiscal negotiations could create 
volatility in rates; local pushback could influence the 
pace and geography of the AI buildout; and a more 
fragmented global economy could increase differentiation 
across countries and asset classes. Despite the election 
outcome, the investment themes shaping 2027 and 
beyond are likely to endure. 


[Page 6]
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
The views expressed herein are those of New York Life Investment Management's Global Market Strategy team as of the date of this material and 
are subject to change without notice. The information presented represents current opinions and market observations and should not be considered 
predictions of future events or guarantees of future results. 
This material is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any 
security or to pursue any particular investment strategy. Investors should consider their individual investment objectives, risk tolerance and financial 
circumstances before making investment decisions. Any forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions and are 
subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual events and market conditions may differ materially from those anticipated. There can be no assurance that 
the trends, forecasts or expectations discussed herein will continue or be realized. 
Diversification cannot assure a profit or protect against loss in a declining market. 
Active management involves investment decisions that may prove incorrect, and there is no assurance that an actively managed strategy will 
outperform a relevant benchmark or achieve its investment objective. Investments are subject to market risk and may lose value. 
Equity securities are subject to price fluctuation and market risk. International investments may involve additional risks, including currency 
fluctuations, differing regulatory standards, political and economic instability and less liquid markets. Investments in commodities and real assets 
may experience significant price volatility and are subject to risks specific to the relevant asset class. 
Information and data contained herein have been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but New York Life Investment Management does not 
guarantee their accuracy, completeness or reliability. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
8797053	 INV062-26
INV-00051-09/26
“New York Life Investment Management” is the brand name and service mark used to represent a group of affiliated financial services companies of 
New York Life Insurance Company. Securities distributed by NYLIFE Distributors LLC, 30 Hudson Street, Jersey City, NJ 07302, Member FINRA/SIPC.
