[Page 1]
 
The Fed Is Within Touching Distance Of The Neutral 
Rate 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 16, 2026 - 03:25 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
The Federal Reserve has overseen a tightening of conditions, with rate expectations within 
touching distance of neutral.  
The trading risk-reward favors a rate hold at today’s FOMC, but that would mean the unwinding 
of the considerable tightening progress made, likely raising long-term yields and eventually 
hitting stocks. 
Through more benign neglect than active guidance, the Fed under Kevin Warsh has seen a 
bona fide tightening in conditions since the new chairman became favourite to get the job. 
Warsh’s aversion to forward guidance has, one way or another, got us to the point where rate 
expectations are knocking on the door of the neutral rate. 
 
The chart above shows the terminal rate, ie the highest implied SOFR yield from the strip of 
futures, as well as the FOMC’s longer run rate projection and the Laubach-Williams estimate of 


[Page 2]
 
the neutral. As we can see, the terminal rate is well above the first of these, and just under the 
second. 
With the terminal rate still below the L-W neutral estimate, conditions by this measure are still 
loose, and have been since around May last year. Whether conditions go assertively into tight 
territory depends on large part what happens at today’s meeting. 
If the FOMC under Warsh does in fact hike rates as is expected, the market will be assured it 
has made the correct assumption about the returnee to the Eccles Building. 
That would support the idea that the administration sees the 10-year yield as the more important 
benchmark, and is willing to sacrifice a lower fed funds if it means longer term borrowing costs 
are contained for the government and the private sector. 
Assuming the hike isn’t construed as dovish, then it shouldn’t be long before financial conditions 
can be said to be tight again. That’s good news for the fight against inflation. 
However, a rate hold would suggest not much has changed: the president is really in charge, 
and Warsh (and enough of the rest of the FOMC) know what side their bread’s buttered on. 
That would be a bonanza for inflation, likely a mini-rocket under long-term nominal yields, and 
soon a dawning that real returns in stocks are going to keep getting worse. 
 
