[Page 1]
 
The Market Still Has Some Defenses In Place For 
Surging Rates Risk 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 16, 2026 - 03:11 AM 
By Michael Msika, Bloomberg Markets Live reporter and strategist 
A resilient economic backdrop and very cautious investor positioning (see "What's Behind The 
Market's Sullen Vibe, And What Comes Next") suggest the equity market can absorb more 
pressure before the rally comes under threat. 
Risks are developing broadly as feared: seasonality is poor, oil above $100 a barrel is driving 
moves in both stocks and bond yields, and interest rate hikes are looming. That’s all playing out 
just as artificial intelligence bosses call for slower development of new models. Volatility looks 
poised to increase as challenges to the bull market grow. At the same time, economic conditions 
for equities are strong, and there is plenty of dry powder to buy any September dips.  
 
Investors had reduced risk ahead of last week’s hot US inflation print and are now prepped for 
two major tests in the coming days: the Federal Reserve rate decision on Wednesday and a 
huge quarterly option and future expiry on Friday.  


[Page 2]
 
“Options positioning suggests that institutions are already paying up for event protection,” said 
SpotGamma’s Brent Kochuba, who has observed “notable VIX hedging activity” over the past 
two weeks. He described “unusually large size and far-out-of-the-money” volume of VIX calls 
with October and November maturities. 
The team set out two possible outcomes that the options market is bracing for: a hold by the 
Fed could ease pressure from swings in yields, potentially acting as a clearing event for a 
volatility release. A hike, on the other hand, could spur greater bond volatility and further 
pressure on stocks.  
Meanwhile, September’s Triple Witching OPEX looms as a massive liquidity moment, with about 
$2 trillion of notional delta set to roll off. That has the potential to trigger a shift in the market’s 
current volatility regime. 
 
Last Friday’s US inflation data raised pressure on the Fed to hike interest rates, with swaps 
traders now pricing about 94% odds of an increase compared with just 60% a week ago. Two 
more tightening moves are expected by April next year. 
This context for equities certainly needs monitoring, especially if financial conditions become 
restrictive. The latest surge in the greenback could further hit stocks and a dollar index above 
100 has proven a good indicator of more restrictive liquidity in the past. The gauge hit 99.7 on 
Monday. Yet, that threshold has also marked peak uncertainty levels, with stocks bouncing 
rapidly as worries abated.​
“A shallow hiking cycle should be manageable for equities,” said JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
strategists led by Dubravko Lakos-Bujas. They noted that the market is already pricing in two 
hikes by January. “If inflation re-accelerates and the forward curve starts to price in a broader 


[Page 3]
 
hiking cycle, equities will likely face more significant downside, although this is not our base 
case.” 
 
At the same time, the AI spending frenzy is wobbling again after key executives voiced concern 
over the pace of development for new models. That’s added to a more difficult environment for 
growth stocks contending with elevated bond yields. Still, until hyperscalers signal a cut in 
capex or earnings start to weaken, investors may find it difficult to justify moving further risk-off. 
Reduced valuations, in fact, also show the market is far from complacent. 
“For now, this looks more like a sentiment and valuation shock than a collapse in AI demand,” 
said Charu Chanana, chief investment strategist at Saxo Markets. “The real warning signs 
would be cuts to technology investment budgets, canceled data-center projects or weaker chip 
and memory orders.” 


[Page 4]
 
 
The cautious positioning may end up setting the stage for a rebound. Last week, macro 
products posted the largest dollar net selling since the week of “liberation day” in April last year. 
That was driven entirely by short sales and pointed to increased hedging into the August CPI 
numbers, according to Goldman Sachs Inc. Prime Services. 
 
Separately, Deutsche Bank AG data showed discretionary positioning declined again last week 
and has now returned to underweight in the 34th percentile. While systematic strategies 


[Page 5]
 
continued to increase exposure and are the most overweight stocks in 11 months, the overall 
result is that allocation is modestly overweight. 
“Equities have already absorbed a slew of negative catalysts over the last few weeks,” said 
Deutsche Bank strategists including Parag Thatte. “In the absence of incremental negative 
shocks, we would argue this opens a window for equities to rally as robust earnings come back 
into focus and before the mid-term election noise turns up. 
 
 
 
