[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 17 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Thu 17 Sep 2026, 2:14am ET
Chart of the day (Here) A continued sharp increase in bond yields could put pressure on equities Data
since 1962 Macro GS Research: FOMC Recap - The F
Chart of the day (Here)
A continued sharp increase in bond yields could put pressure on equities
Data since 1962
Macro GS Research:
FOMC Recap - The FOMC raised the funds rate by 25bp to 3.75-4% today. While the hike was widely
expected, the meeting was more hawkish than we expected in a few ways. First, a 16-2 majority projected
at least one more hike this year, and there were no dissenting votes against today’s hike. Second, the
median funds rate projection remained quite elevated through 2029, and the median neutral rate dot rose
from 3.06% to 3.25%. Third, Chairman Warsh described the hike as having “removed a dose of
accommodation” three times. We now expect the FOMC to deliver a second 25bp hike in October, a
change from our previous expectation that September would be the only hike. We think October is the
most likely time for the next move because it is most natural to deliver hikes that the FOMC presented
today as supporting “a timelier return” to the 2% target at consecutive meetings. We have kept our forecast
for the terminal rate unchanged at 3.25-3.5% by adding to the September and December 2027 rate cuts we
already expected a third 25bp cut in March 2028.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
Chevron - We hosted senior leadership from Chevron Corp (CVX) for a roundtable dinner on 9/14,
followed by a full-day event on 9/15 featuring a Q&A with executives and a technology showcase.
Participants from the company included but were not limited to Mr. Mike Wirth (Chairman of the Board
and CEO), Ms. Eimear Bonner (CFO), Mr. Mark Nelson (Vice Chairman), Mr. Ryder Booth (Chief
Technology and Engineering Officer), Mr. Clay Neff (President of Upstream), Mr. Andy Walz (President
of Downstream, Midstream, and Chemicals), Mr. Jeff Gustavson (President of New Energies), and Ms.
Jeanine Wai (Director of Investor Relations). We highlight four key takeaways from the trip: (1) Chevron
is stacking high-potential exploration opportunities across Latin America, the Middle East, West Africa,
and the Eastern Mediterranean, (2) strong global relationships give the company a distinct advantage to
secure projects and help governments set competitive business terms, (3) management continues to
develop and deploy new technologies, particularly in shale and tight, (4) cost and capital discipline
supports a resilient business model built to withstand both commodity price cycles and geopolitical
volatility.


[Page 2]
Forgent Power Solutions - Raising estimates, order strength supports upside to FY27 growth guide. FPS
delivered +4% F4Q adj. EBITDA vs. FactSet consensus driven by better-than-expected organic growth
(+94% vs GS: +83%) led by powertrain solutions, which made up ~32% of total sales in the quarter. The
book-to-bill in the quarter was 3.3x (vs 2.3x last Q) with bookings +376% year-over-year. F4Q orders of
~$1.5bn exceeded total revenues of $1.42bn in all of FY2026. The backlog now stands at $3.02bn,
providing ample visibility for FY2027 and covering more than 90% of revenue guidance at current
production-slot allocations. In addition, the company disclosed its first direct order from a frontier AI lab
and an MSA with a hyperscaler. The AI-lab award involves medium-voltage transformers and switchgear
for a campus expected to exceed 1GW, with potential additional demand measured in multiple GWs
Market Update
Equities finished lower and continued this week’s losing streak after rallying to start before the FOMC this
afternoon, where the Fed raised rates by 25 bps, as expected, to 3.75%-4.00%. Much more hawkish set of
dots, with the plot showing one additional rate hike for 2026 and no cut next year. In terms of 26
distributions, only 2 participants showed just today's hike for year, 4 showed 3, and the rest had 2 for the
year. Inflation projections higher than last time, suggesting the methodological changes coming up are not
accounting for large downward revisions. Oil finished -3%, giving back much of yesterday’s gains, with
positive headlines surrounding the East-West pipeline. However, energy dynamics remain a key focus with
clarity surround a possible end to the Iran War still limited.
Elsewhere, Momentum flipped the script from yesterday: winners led today (vs losers underperforming
yday) as the AI complex bifurcates on quality, with strength from Data Centers (GSTMTDAT +1.28%)
and AI Semis (GSCBSMHX +89bps) while Software At Risk (GSTMTSOS -1.83%) and AI-Productivity
(GSXUPROD -2.19%) moved lower, a clear split between profitable/duration AI and the speculative
cohort.
CALENDAR
13:30 UKT Philadelphia Fed manufacturing index, September (GS 30.0, consensus 32.1, last 47.4)
13:30 UKT Initial jobless claims, week ended September 12 (GS 195k, consensus 208k, last 206k)
Earnings:
Pre: /
Post: /
US Conferences
Event
Date
Sector
Registration


[Page 3]
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York
2-3 Dec
Industrials
Save the Date
GS Financial Services Conference, New York
8-9 Dec
Financials
Save the Date
Bookmark | Read
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 17 September 2026.
