[Page 1]
GS Novak - GS U.S. Industrials Materials price cost TSLA FTAI
DHI 16 Sep 2026
Ryan Novak  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  US Industrials & Materials Sector Specialist
Wed 16 Sep 2026, 6:44am ET
Good morning – halfway home today. US futures steady early in pre-market trading with all eyes on the
Fed this afternoon. Overseas markets showing relative strength with KOSPI up 137bps, Japan up 70bps
and Europe more green with Eurozone industrial production flat and beating survey expectations. In
commodities, crude taking a much needed breather down 2% with WTI $104, Brent $108. European gas
bouncing again after a breather yesterday back up towards $82. 10-year just a touch below 5%, dollar
steady and Bitcoin holding $76k after yesterday’s sell off.
Privo on the Fed: The 25bp hike is almost a non event now (priced at 93%)...the bigger question is
whether the Fed validates the hiking cycle that has rapidly been put into the curve. Futures are now pricing
roughly 3.5 hikes through next summer. GIR: "The key question for the meeting is whether the median dot
will show one hike or two in 2026. We expect a 10-8 majority to show one hike because some participants
might be ambivalent about the first hike and some might want to avoid pushing market expectations any
higher." . Warsh has deliberately given very little forward guidance, so I’m more interested in the reaction
function than the hike itself… does he frame this as a response to persistent underlying inflation, or as an
attempt to stop the energy shock becoming embedded? My glass half full take interpretation is that the
curve has already done a tremendous amount of tightening for them and in line with the house view the
forward for Core PCE is quite constrained. I think regardless of what they say or what the dots do, there is
more than enough hikes already priced (unless oil is going to 150).
Prime update: Industrials is among the most net sold sectors in the past month (and YTD), driven by short
sales outpacing long buys – Electrical Equip and Machinery are the most net sold subsectors.
Thematically, net allocation to US Power stocks (GSX1POW1) has fallen sharply to two-year lows.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities and Prime Services data as of September 15, 2026. Past
performance is not indicative of future results
On the micro, JBHT will be in focus this morning after signaling EPS to be down 5-10% sequentially
implying earnings sharply below consensus on cost headwinds. This is the theme picking up with
conferences ongoing whether it’s LECO (last week) lowering its expectations for incremental margins,
CARR talking about a better than $6bn topline but reiterating earnings. Reach out to discuss more
takeaways from presentations and feedback from meetings. FTAI out with new $500mm share repurchase
program. SPXC announces acquisition of FIS Water for $410mm in cash – will be part of HVAC segment
and operate within the cooling platform. $105mm in revenue. DHI out with additional $5bn share
repurchase program with $53mm remaining on prior. Company now expects to repurchase $3.25bn this
year. Watching DCO investor day this morning with LEN EPS post close.


[Page 2]
GS events: 1. GVA CEO at 11am today – virtual meeting. 2. Will be marketing with Sue Maklari on all
things housing Thursday 9/17 – we’ll do a small group lunch – let me know if you would like to join and
chat housing. 3. Will be in Boston next week 9/23 – one spot left to meet – let me know if interested.
Couple reports from GIR to flag – our consumer conference ongoing:
TSLA – deliveries update – full note here: We believe that Tesla's 3Q26 vehicle deliveries are tracking
below consensus (at 456K per Visible Alpha) and our prior view, and we lower our forecast to 435K from
490K. This is based on monthly and/or weekly sales datapoints for key regions (e.g. China, the US, and
Europe), and we think that all three regions are tracking slower than we had previously expected.
However, some regions filled via exports from China (e.g. SE Asia, South America, Australia) are showing
strength on yoy basis, which we think will partly mitigate the weakness. However, typical seasonality in
4Q, plus the Model Y L ramp in the US and Europe, has the potential to help 4Q26 to improve qoq. We
also think that FSD can be a driver of demand. We now model 475K deliveries in 4Q26, down from 515K
prior, but above consensus at 462K.
POOL – conferences takeaways here: We came away incrementally more constructive on POOL's ability
to drive share gains and execute against a challenging operating backdrop. This comes as management is
taking a proactive approach to customer engagement, pricing optimization, and operational excellence,
positioning the company for industry relative outperformance.
MHK – conference takeaways here: With the upcoming CEO transition, we expect a gradual shift towards
greater innovation and disciplined capital allocation as Mohawk builds on its well-established industry
leading position and cash generative model. This is on top of ongoing cost controls to support profitability.
FBIN – conference takeaways here: Despite muted near-term demand, efforts to simplify the operating
model and improve customer service are progressing, supporting a gradual recovery in market share and
earnings expansion in the coming years.
Pre-Market Movers:
Bloomberg as of 9/15/26. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
let us know how we can help
Upcoming GS Events:
9/16/26 GVA CEO virtual meeting 11am
9/16/26 ODFL in San Francisco CEO CFO and IR
9/22/26 TDG CEO and IR field trip NY
9/23/26 I will be in Boston meeting with investors
9/26/26 Cirium by Ascend lunch 12pm in NY
9/28/26 APH CEO CFO & IR HQ Visit


[Page 3]
9/29/26 ARXS CEO CFO & IR in Boston
9/30/26 AAL & LUV HQ Visit in Texas
12/1/26 17th Annual Aircraft Leasing Conference
Weekly Calendar:
Monday 9/14/26:
Macro: China FAI
Tuesday 9/15/26:
Macro: ADP, Empire Manufacturing
Micro: EPS pre-market: FPS; CTVA investor days; JHX investor day; Conference Presentations: HONA
TFII MAIR MMM GGG CECO AUR RTX CMI ALLE GM DCI ESLT CARR TT JOBY NTR AMRZ
SAIA HON WERN ODFL FTV MOG/A NSC GTES RIVN CW ALH MSA RAL SARO STRL LDOS
SNDR
Wednesday 9/16/26:
Macro: Retail Sales, Import / Export, NAHB, Fed
Micro: EPS post-market: LEN; DCO investor day; Conference Presentations: FTAI CNI ALV CGNX AAL
GEV ROK UAL KRMN BETA LEA UNP XPO TXT TDG UPS DOW KNX BA RBC LUV VMC FDXF
BBD TKR R SUNB JBHT LHX GXO WSO RXO VSEC EMBJ
Thursday 9/17/26:
Macro: Philly Fed, Claims, Housing Starts, Building Permits, Pending Home Sales
Micro: Conference Presentations: LMT EME F LECO NOC IR CNH HUBB CRH SWK CP OTIS FLY
ATI OSK
Friday 9/18/26:
Macro*: Industrial Production


[Page 4]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 17 September 2026.
