[Page 1]
 
FOMC Statement
 
PNC Economics Research 
16 September 2026 
FOMC Hikes as Expected, as Dot Plot 
Points to Additional Rate Hikes 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Headlines 
 
The FOMC, as widely expected, increased the fed funds rate by 25 basis 
points. 
 
 
The FOMC statement bluntly said that “the Committee will deliver price 
stability.” 
 
 
The median dot points to one more rate hike this year, followed by no change in rates in 2027. 
PNC expects one additional hike in early 2027, leaving its forecast slightly above the median dot. 
 
Details
As widely expected, the Federal Open Market 
Committee raised the federal funds rate this 
afternoon by 25 basis points, to a range of 3.75% to 
4.00%. After cutting the fed funds rate in fits and 
starts from late 2024 to late 2025, and then holding 
it steady throughout 2026, this was the first rate hike 
since mid-2023. The vote was unanimous. 
 
In their post-meeting statement, the FOMC cited 
inflation that is above the Committee’s 2% objective 
as the reason for the rate hike: “Inflation remains 
elevated. Today's policy action will support a 
timelier return to the Committee's 2% goal. The 
Committee will deliver price stability.” 
 
The statement also said that the economy is 
expanding “at a solid pace,” although it also noted 
elevated uncertainty due to geopolitical factors. 
The statement cited resilient domestic spending, 
strong productivity growth, and robust business 
investment. The statement also noted job growth 
consistent with an expanding labor force and a 
little-changed unemployment rate. 
 
This release also included the Summary of Economic 
Projections, or “dot plot,” that shows FOMC 
participants’ projections for the economy and the 
fed funds rate over the next few years. New Fed 
Chair Warsh has declined to provide his projections 
for the dot plot. 
 
The dot plot released today shows that most 
participants (12 of 18) expect one more 25 basis point 
fed funds rate increase this year, with the rate in a 
range between 4.00% and 4.25% by the end of 2026. 
The median participant has the rate in that same 
range at the end of 2027, with small rate cuts 
projected for 2028 and 2029. The median value for 
the long-range fed funds rate is 3.2%, up from 3.1% 
from the last dot plot in June. 
 
The median projection for GDP growth (Q4 to Q4 
basis) is 2.3% in 2026 and 2.4% in 2027, both up 
slightly from the last dot plot. The unemployment 
rate is expected to remain at its current 4.1% level 
over the next few years, marked down slightly from 
June as the unemployment rate has declined since 
the spring. 
Gus Faucher
augustine.faucher@pnc.com 
PNC Economics 
economics@pnc.com 
 


[Page 2]
 
FOMC Statement
 
PNC Economics Research 
16 September 2026 
 
Participants expect PCE inflation, both overall and 
core, to gradually ease over the next few years but 
not return to the 2% objective until 2029. Inflation 
projections are slightly higher in the current dot plot 
compared to the previous one, reflecting a pickup in 
inflation in recent months. 
 
With inflation above the central bank’s objective 
since early 2021 and moving higher over the past 
year, the Federal Open Market Committee needed 
to reassure the public and financial markets that it 
is committed to pushing it back to 2%. Today’s rate 
hike was the first concrete step in that process, but 
it will likely take further rate hikes to push inflation 
lower and convince markets of the Fed’s resolve. 
Most notable in today’s statement was the blunt 
declaration that “the Committee will deliver price 
stability.” Warsh reiterated the FOMC’s commitment 
to 2% inflation in his post-meeting press conference. 
 
PNC’s fed funds rate forecast is consistent with the 
median dot through the end of 2026 but is somewhat 
more hawkish for 2027. PNC expects no change at 
the FOMC’s next meeting on October 28, a week 
before the midterm elections, but a 25 basis point 
increase at the year’s final meeting in mid-
December. PNC also expects an additional rate hike 
in the early spring of 2027, which would take the rate 
to a range of 4.25% to 4.50%. In contrast, the median 
dot shows the target range remaining at 4.00% to 
4.25% through the end of 2027. 
 
Risks to the outlook are balanced. The FOMC 
expects inflation to ease gradually over the next 
few years. If inflation remains sticky, however, the 
FOMC could hike more aggressively, with a faster 
pace 
of 
hikes 
and/or 
more 
rate 
increases. 
Alternatively, if high gasoline prices lead to a 
slowing in economic growth and a deteriorating 
labor market, the FOMC could decide to hold off on 
additional monetary tightening, even if inflation 
temporarily accelerates.  
 
The overall financial market reaction suggests that 
today’s statement and dot plot were slightly more 
hawkish than expected. The S&P 500 is down slightly 
following the FOMC’s announcement, with yields up 
slightly 
on 
longer-term Treasurys. 
The 
dollar 
strengthened against a basket of currencies and 
the price of gold fell. The price of a barrel of West 
Texas Intermediate crude oil is down by about 3% 
today to slightly below $103.


[Page 3]
 
FOMC Statement
 
PNC Economics Research 
16 September 2026 
Disclosures 
The material presented and the views expressed herein are of a general nature and do not constitute the provision of 
investment or economic advice to any person, or a recommendation of any particular securities, ﬁnancial instruments, 
strategies or banking services. Opinions and forecasts expressed herein are subject to change without notice. Relevant 
information was obtained from sources deemed reliable. Such information is not guaranteed as to its accuracy. You should 
seek the advice of an investment professional to tailor a ﬁnancial plan to your needs. 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over 
time. Future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and 
uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
made. We do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual 
results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as 
from historical performance. As a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
“PNC” is a registered mark of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
© 2026 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved. 
 
 
