[Page 1]
Fed Raises Rates: Echoes of the Past
The Federal Reserve (Fed) raised interest rates by 0.25% today amid elevated in lation, a resilient
labor market, and stable economic growth (for now). As commodity prices are likely to rise, only
time will tell how U.S. economic fundamentals will be aﬀected.
Authors
Matthias Scheiber, Ph.D., CFA
Rushabh Amin
Date
9/16/2026
Topic
Market Events
Key takeaways
In lation remains stubborn, with rising energy costs expected to oﬀset cooler core in lation
components, including housing, at least in the near term.
Market expectations have shifted gears, pricing in additional rate hikes not only in the U.S.
but globally. Markets are currently expecting approximately 100 basis points, or 1%, of
additional tightening over the coming year.
Narrowing the path forward for policymakers, the interplay between  iscal and monetary
policy is limiting the  lexibility needed to remain aligned with the Fed's mandate.
Federal funds rate increases to 3.75–4.00%
Today, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) announced it has increased interest rates,
raising the federal funds rate to 3.75–4.00%. The broader macroeconomic picture has been
remarkably stable despite volatility and rising input (commodity) prices, with real gross
domestic product (GDP) growth at 2.1% for the second quarter. The drivers of growth have been
shifting, with the arti icial intelligence (AI) build-out contributing a large share of growth so far
this year. However, a slowdown in capital expenditures remains a risk to the overall growth
trajectory, which has been supported by this sector.
The labor market has been resilient, with the August U.S. unemployment rate at 4.1%, down
from a peak of 4.5% in November of last year, although structural changes in the labor market
are underway. In lation, as measured by the core Personal Consumption Expenditures (core
PCE) Price Index, has been higher than the FOMC’s target rate since March 2021. It seemingly
bottomed out in April of last year at 2.6%, but the latest reading of 3.3% factored into today’s
decision. U.S. wage growth has generally been falling; however, it increased 3.1% year over year
in August. The global backdrop will continue to be crucial in central bank decision-making, as
heightened competition across capital, goods, and intellectual property is likely here to stay.
This increase in the federal funds rate was well telegraphed and, some may argue, largely driven
by the bond market. With yields across the curve at cycle highs, the benchmark U.S. 10-year
Treasury yield recently reached 5.0%, and the yield curve has steepened meaningfully. Higher
front-end rates will do little to address supply-driven in lation fears, as was the case during the
2022 tightening cycle. That said, the U.S. economy is currently well positioned to absorb higher
short-term rates, and the rate hike may lend the FOMC some additional credibility. Changes are
underway at the Fed, and the use of market pricing to help guide policy is likely to be
welcomed, despite pressures on policymakers to the contrary.


[Page 2]
Policy and real economy crosscurrents
Despite recent volatility, commodity markets have been a key driver of broader in lation
measures. The U.S. Producer Price Index for  inished goods increased to 6.6% year over year in
August. While companies retain some pricing power due to tariﬀ refunds, they have at times
been forced to pass on higher supply costs to consumers. The “Crack-Spread” (a measure of
re iner pro itability) recently hit a record $59.95 per barrel and continued to rise despite a
collapse in oil prices earlier in the second quarter, demonstrating the very “real” nature of
commodity markets. In our view, the deterioration in the U.S.  iscal picture further narrows the
path forward for the FOMC.
The recent sharp rise in energy costs is likely to oﬀset progress made in shelter and core goods
in lation, at least in the short term. Historically, the Fed has tended to view volatile energy prices
and their impact on consumers as a temporary tax with a short time horizon, which helps
explain its focus on core in lation. Despite this, U.S. in lation expectations have remained
relatively stable, albeit above target, and are not breaking away just yet. These factors are all
part of a secular shift in the in lation cycle that markets have been grappling with since 2022. In
our view, this challenge is likely to persist, even if the underlying catalysts may evolve over time.
U.S. growth has been supported by the AI theme and build-out, and its eﬀects have permeated
 inancial markets as well as the real economy. In our view, the AI-related impacts are moving
through localized bubbles driven by competition across the supply chain, with bond markets
now experiencing some degree of crowding within the sector.
Opportunities abound
Looking ahead we expect volatility in government bond yields to increase as the path of yields
becomes increasingly data dependent. The level of real yield on oﬀer appears attractive today,
particularly in the “belly” of the curve, or the 5- to 10-year segment. Absent a slowdown in
economic growth, we believe yields could continue to move higher. Supply-side constraints
may continue to support commodity markets, but the growth outlook is likely to become a more
dominant driver of commodity sector performance going forward. Encouragingly for risk assets,
corporate earnings expectations have remained robust despite the signi icant repricing of bond
yields over the past year.
Against this backdrop, we have maintained a cautious stance toward longer-duration U.S.
government bonds. While yields may remain volatile, we believe investors may have
opportunities to selectively take advantage of further increases in yields, where appropriate.
The core Personal Consumption Expenditures (core PCE) Price Index is the Fed's preferred
measure of underlying in lation. It tracks the prices consumers pay for goods and services while
excluding food and energy prices, which tend to be more volatile and can obscure longer-term
in lation trends.
Duration is a measurement of the sensitivity of a bond’s price to changes in Treasury yields. A
fund’s duration is the weighted average of duration of the bonds in the portfolio. Duration
should be interpreted as the approximate change in a bond’s (or fund’s) price for a 100-basis-
point change in Treasury yields. Duration is based on historical performance and does not
represent future results.
The Producer Price Index (PPI) is an in lation gauge that measures changes in the prices
businesses receive for their output. Rising PPI readings can signal increasing cost pressures that
may eventually aﬀect consumer prices, corporate margins, and monetary policy. You cannot
invest directly in an index.


[Page 3]
A yield curve graphical representation of  ixed-income security yields (usually U.S. Treasuries) at
their respective maturities, starting with the shortest time to maturity and sequentially plotting
in a line chart to the longest maturity. A yield curve is based on historical performance and does
not represent future results.
This material is provided for informational purposes only and is intended for retail distribution in
the United States. Use outside the United States is for professional/quali ied investors only.
CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
ALL-09112026-z5iqtw1a
This content and the information within do not constitute an oﬀer or solicitation in any
jurisdiction where or to any person to whom it would be unauthorized or unlawful to do so. It
should not be considered investment advice, an investment recommendation, or investment
research in any jurisdiction.
INVESTMENT RISKS: All investments contain risk. Your capital may be at risk. The value, price,
or income of investments or  inancial instruments can fall as well as rise and is not
guaranteed. You may not get back the amount originally invested. Past performance is not a
guarantee or reliable indicator of future results. Returns may increase or decrease as a result
of currency  luctuations.
Allspring Global Investments™ (Allspring) is the trade name for the asset management  irms
of Allspring Global Investments Holdings, LLC, a holding company indirectly owned by
certain private funds of GTCR LLC and Reverence Capital Partners, L.P. These  irms include
but are not limited to Allspring Global Investments Luxembourg, S.A.; Allspring Funds
Management, LLC; Allspring Global Investments, LLC; Allspring Global Investments (UK) Ltd.;
Allspring Global Investments (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.; Allspring Global Investments (Hong Kong)
Ltd.; Allspring Global Investments (Japan) Ltd.; and Galliard Capital Management, LLC.
Unless otherwise stated, Allspring is the source of all data (which is current or as of the date
stated). Content is provided for informational purposes only. Views, opinions, assumptions, or
estimates are not necessarily those of Allspring or its a iliates, and there is no representation
regarding their adequacy, accuracy, or completeness. They should not be relied upon and
may be subject to change without notice.
© 2026 Allspring Global Investments Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved.
