[Page 1]
US utilities: AI’s rise 
powers growth, but 
local opposition and 
affordability pressures 
raise project risks
Donovan Escalante 
Sustainability 
Research Analyst
Key takeaways
•	
Growing electricity demand from the development of artificial intelligence 
(AI) is highly concentrated geographically in the US, with around half of 
planned AI data centre capacity additions falling within the service areas of 
the top five utility holding companies.
•	
Stage of development and quality of data centre projects vary. Around 72% 
of new data centre capacity planned for the early 2030s have yet to begin 
construction and approximately 30 gigawatts (GW) of projects are proposed 
by sponsors with no prior experience. 
•	
Because some data centre plans are unlikely to materialise, it’s critical to 
consider the quality of data centre projects when assessing how these 
projects may contribute to a utility’s growth. 
•	
Community opposition to AI data centres and related state-level legislative 
efforts could increase construction delays and project cancellations.
September 2026
FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS ONLY 
Marketing communication


[Page 2]
Introduction
A small group of electric utilities and independent power producers (IPPs) is 
positioned to capture a disproportionate share of US data centre load growth.1 
However, with about 72% of the data centre pipeline still at an early stage, investors 
need to assess which projects are most likely to be completed, particularly as 
affordability pressures and community opposition increase execution risk. Our 
Sustainability and Governance team’s proprietary mapping analysis helps investors 
assess utilities’ relative exposure to data centre growth and potential execution risks.
Examining hyperscaler, neocloud, and colocation projects by their development 
stages and customer mix,2 we have found the AI-driven boost is likely to 
disproportionately benefit a limited set of utilities and IPPs over the rest of the sector. 
The top five holding companies are expected to account for roughly half of data 
centre load growth in the US through 2032, with the top 15 accounting for 
around 80%.
US data centre clusters
AI-related power demand is highly concentrated
The map shows seven regional grids with the largest e
xpec
ted
 dat
a ce
nter
 capa
cit
y a
ddi
tions 
in 
the U 
S T
he la
rgest
 is P 
J M
, whic
h co
vers 
all or parts of 13 states in the mid-Atlantic region and the District of Columbia. P J M has 75 gigawatts of expected data center capacity addition. M I S O, or Midcontinent Independent System Operator, follows with 37.3 gigawatts of data center capacity addition. M I S O covers all or parts of 15 states in central U S and the Canadian province of Manitoba. E R C O T, or the Electricity Reliability Council of Texas, is the third largest, with 35.4 gigawatts of data center capacity addition. S P P, or Southwest Power Pool, covers all or parts of 17 states in central and southern U S, has 6.7 gigawatt of data center additions. The other three regional grids, covering New York State, California and New England respectively, each has expected data center capacity addition of less than 1 gigawatt. 
Sources: Capital Group, with data from SemiAnalysis, as at January 2026. PJM refers to PJM 
Interconnection, the regional grid covering all or parts of 13 states in the Mid-Atlantic and the District of 
Columbia. MISO refers to the Midcontinent Independent System Operator, which operates the grid across 
15 states in central US and the Canadian province of Manitoba. ERCOT stands for the Electric Reliability 
Council of Texas, the grid operator in the state of Texas. SPP stands for the Southwest Power Pool, which 
operates a regional grid in all or parts of 17 states in central and southern US. NY ISO refers to the to the 
New York Independent System Operator, the grid operator in New York State. ISO-NE refers to ISO New 
England, the operator of the regional grid. CAISO refers to California ISO, the grid that covers most of 
California and a small part of Nevada. 
1.	 Electric utility is a corporation, person, agency, authority, or other legal entity or instrumentality aligned 
with distribution facilities for delivery of electric energy for use primarily by the public. Independent 
power producer is a corporation, person, agency, authority, or other legal entity or instrumentality that 
owns or operates facilities for the generation of electricity for use primarily by the public, and that is not 
an electric utility.
2.	 NVIDIA Blog. “Hotter than a hot tub: The 45°c breakthrough to cool AI’s biggest machines.” 
22 June 2026.
2


[Page 3]
AI data centre pipeline: It’s not all about the size
Regulated utilities make a profit by earning an approved return on investment. 
Investment to expand the electricity system to accommodate AI-driven demand 
should support higher earnings and cash flow growth. But utilities face challenges in 
planning for future growth given significant uncertainties over the share of data centre 
projects that will actually be completed. 
Developers in the US plan to expand data centre capacity from 40 GW in 2025 to 
more than 220 GW by the early 2030s. Yet, 161 GW (72%) of that new capacity is not 
yet under construction, and roughly 30 GW is tied to projects from developers with 
no operating assets or confirmed tenants, according to our dataset. With the help of 
the database, we can evaluate quality of AI data centre projects to which a utility has 
exposure on a case-by-case basis.
Hyperscale growth
US data centre capacity is projected to grow more than five times by the early 2030s
Th
e 
ba
r 
cha
rt 
show
s th
e gr
owth
 of 
U S 
data
 cen
ter 
capacity fr
om 2024 to
 2032, b
roken down by type. Hyperscaler data center is the largest category, closely followed by colocation, while neocloud is a much smaller category. Hyperscaler capacity is projected to grow from just over 20 gigawatts in 2025 to nearly 120 gigawatts in 2032. Colocation capacity is projected to grow from just under 20 gigawatts to a little over 100 gigawatts. Neocloud capacity is not visible in 2025, and its 2032 capacity is expected to be well below 10 gigawatts. 
Sources: Capital Group, with data from SemiAnalysis, as at January 2026. Data for 2024 and 2025 were 
actual, and data for 2026 onward are forecast by SemiAnalysis based on announced plans from data 
centre developers. Hyperscalers refer to large technology companies that develop and operate large 
data centres. Neocloud refers to specialised cloud infrastructure providers dedicated to AI workloads. 
Colocation data centres lease space for hardware that customers own.
3


[Page 4]
Our analysis shows that Dominion Energy’s service territory has the most advanced 
project pipeline, with 46% of developer-planned capacity through 2032 already 
operational or under construction. Other utilities with relatively advanced projects 
include Southern Company (39%), American Electric Power Co. (33%) and Berkshire 
Hathaway (32%). By contrast, some utility service territories have substantial 
announced development plans, but only a small share of that capacity is currently 
operational or under construction.
Real or hallucination?
The state of completion of data centre pipelines varies significantly
Th
e b
ar
 c
har
t s
ho
ws 
a l
ist
 of
 15
 U 
S u
til
i
ti
es
 a
nd
 t
he
ir data center p
ipeline by pro
ject status.
 Each bar
 represents the t
otal capacit
y planned by data
 center developer
s in the service 
territory of
 the given ut
ility, and shows the por
tions of the total capacity that 
is operationa
l, under constr
uction. Dominion Energy has the larg
est data ce
nter pipeline, at 
over 30
 gigawatts, followed by Sempra Energy at just under 25 gigawatts. American Electric Power Co and Berkshire Hathaway are the third and fourth largest, each just under 20 gigawatts. Entergy Corp and Southern Co follow, with pipeline around 13 gigawatts. The utilities with the smallest data center pipelines are WEC Energy Group, Alliant Energy, Ameren Corp and PPL Corp, each under 5 gigawatts. When it comes to the share of data center pipeline being operational or under construction, Dominion Energy leads with 46%, followed by Southern Co at 39%, American Electric Power Co at 33% and Berkshire Hathaway at 32%. On the other end of the spectrum, 3% of the data center pipeline at PPL and Ameren is operational or under construction. 
Sources: Capital Group, with data from SemiAnalysis, as at January 2026. Each bar represents the capacity 
planned by data centre developers in the service territory of the utility, but not the capacity from projects 
where the developer has signed an electric service agreement with the utility.
Our database can also serve as an input in investor analyses of customer concentration 
patterns. Amazon, Microsoft, Google and Meta account for roughly half of the total 
planned data centre capacity additions, according to our database. While hyperscalers’ 
size and balance sheet strength can provide stability for utilities, a concentrated 
customer base can create risk. Changes in investment plans at these companies could 
materially affect regional power demand forecasts.
4


[Page 5]
Monitoring local regulations and community reaction
As part of our investment process, we monitor regional regulations on AI data centre 
development as well as community reaction, as local governments and residents have 
become increasingly concerned about energy affordability, water usage and other 
issues related to AI development.
There is growing local opposition to AI data centre development. The number of 
projects blocked or delayed in the first quarter this year – at least 75 – rivals the total 
number in 2025, according to Data Centre Watch.3 These projects are worth a total 
of US$130 billion. More than 300 state bills on data centres were filed in the first 
six weeks of 2026 alone, with a statewide moratorium on data centre development 
proposed in 14 states.
If opposition to data centres accelerates, it could affect project realisation and 
potential revenue growth. Utilities will need to maintain a balance between sustaining 
growth and protecting ratepayers to mitigate the risk of adverse social and 
political outcomes. 
Final thoughts
Overall, AI-related power demand remains an important tailwind for US utilities, but 
the pace and distribution of benefits will vary meaningfully by company and region. As 
such, fundamental analysis is critical. Our database showcases Capital Group’s deep 
fundamental research capabilities, allowing our investment professionals to assess 
company exposure at the project level, distinguish announced demand from more 
advanced development and better evaluate which utilities are positioned to benefit 
from the AI buildout.
3.	 Data Centre Watch. “Q1 2026: Data Centre Watch Report.”
This information has been provided solely for informational purposes and is not an offer, or solicitation of an 
offer, or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or instrument listed herein.
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and may not necessarily 
reflect the view of Capital Group or its affiliates. This communication is intended for the internal and confidential use of the 
recipient and not for onward transmission to any other third party. This communication is of a general nature, and not intended 
to provide investment, tax or other advice, or to be a solicitation to buy or sell any securities. All information is as at the date 
indicated and attributed to Capital Group unless otherwise stated. While Capital Group uses reasonable efforts to obtain 
information from third-party sources that it believes to be accurate, this cannot be guaranteed.
This communication is issued by Capital International Management Company Sàrl (CIMC), unless otherwise stated, which is 
regulated by the Luxembourg CSSF - Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
In Switzerland, this communication is issued by Capital International Sàrl, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
In the UK, this communication is issued by Capital International Limited, authorised and regulated by the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority.
In Hong Kong, this communication has been prepared by Capital International, Inc. (Cllnc), a member of Capital Group, a 
company incorporated in California, United States of America. The liability of members is limited. This advertisement or 
publication has not been reviewed by the Securities & Futures Commission of Hong Kong.
In Singapore, this communication has been prepared by Capital Group Investment Management Pte. Ltd. (CGIMPL), a member 
of Capital Group, a company incorporated in Singapore. This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Neither has it been reviewed by any other regulator.
All Capital Group trademarks are owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. or an affiliated company. All other company 
names mentioned are the property of their respective companies.
© 2026 Capital Group. All rights reserved. WF12481622 EAxJ
5
