[Page 1]
Jessica Ground
Global Head of 
Sustainability and 
Governance
Key takeaways
•	
Public concerns about water and power usage by data centres, as well as 
artificial intelligence (AI)’s potential to cause unemployment, are growing. 
•	
We’re evaluating the public’s growing concerns over these issues and remain 
alert to resulting project delays, constraints or cancellations that could be 
financially material for companies.
•	
In our view, AI data centre owners and operators that are diligent in both 
navigating resource constraints and maintaining their social licences to 
operate could gain a competitive edge.
•	
We also see attractive growth prospects among companies offering solutions 
that help AI data centres access and efficiently manage their use of power 
and water.
•	
Our investment professionals continue to assess AI’s impact on employment, 
which will affect economic growth, productivity, policy and asset prices. 
September 2026
FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS ONLY 
Marketing communication
Weighing risks and 
opportunities amid 
AI controversies


[Page 2]
2
Introduction
The rapid buildout of artificial intelligence (AI) has led to growing worries about 
energy and water usage of data centres. There are also debates about its implication 
on jobs, inequality and social cohesion.
What we are seeing today with AI is the start of a multi-year transition that reshapes 
how capital, labour and infrastructure are deployed across the economy. It is essential 
that investors understand the impacts, which are quickly extending beyond the 
technology sector. 
As a potential general purpose technology, AI could have profound implications for 
economic growth. In our scenario analysis on AI’s impact on economic productivity, 
even small gains in productivity can compound over time, making meaningful 
contributions to economic growth as these technologies potentially diffuse globally. 
See the graphic below.
As long-term, fundamental investors, we also believe it is essential to understand how 
companies maintain a social licence to operate as they seek to profit from the long-
term growth potential of AI. 
We have observed that an increasing number of projects have been affected by local 
opposition, and some local governments have tried to limit data centre development. 
Such developments can have a meaningful effect on the prospects of some of the 
companies involved. 
AI could be a main driver of productivity and economic growth in the 
long term
Potential productivity trajectories under different AI scenarios
Source: Capital Group, Wang, Ping, and Tsz-Nga Wong. “Artificial intelligence and technological 
unemployment.” May 2025. “No AI” represents a hypothetical scenario in which AI fails to take hold. 
“Capital Strategy Research” represents a hypothetical scenario built by Capital Group economists. “Some 
AI” represents a hypothetical scenario where AI takes off but stops at a limited capacity. “Unbounded AI” 
represents a hypothetical scenario where AI sustains endogenous growth in the long run. The % numbers 
for each scenario represent hypothetical annual productivity growth attributed to AI.
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
0
10
20
30
Relative productivity (initial = 1)
Years
No AI (0%)
Capital Strategy
Research (4%)
Some AI
(6.5%)
Unbounded AI
(10%)


[Page 3]
3
AI’s water and power usage in focus
One of the flashpoints in the US, where much of the physical buildout of AI 
infrastructure is taking place, is AI’s resource footprint. 
AI data centres can add meaningful demand to already constrained power grids 
in some states, driving up electricity prices for other users. Their total direct water 
consumption is much smaller than top water-consuming industries, such as thermal 
power generation and agriculture, but it can put significant stress on local water 
supplies, especially as most current and planned data centres are in drought zones. 
Pollution and land use are also concerns.
As such impacts are most acutely felt locally, lack of transparency around a planned 
data centre’s projected power and water usage, as well as plans to mitigate its light 
and noise pollutions, could generate concerns from local residents. In the case of 
water consumption, a few large tech companies disclose aggregate water usage 
data on various metrics, but the lack of standardised reporting makes it difficult to 
accurately assess or compare water usage across facilities. 
Water worries: Most current and planned US data centres are in 
drought zones
Source: The Guardian. “Majority of US’s new AI datacentres to be built on drought-hit land.” June 2026. 
Data centre locations and status were sourced from Cleanview by The Guardian, as at 18 May 2026. 
Drought levels defined use National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s National Integrated 
Drought Information System from 17 May 2026. Percentages do not add to 100% due to rounding.
44%
22%
13%
22%
35%
30%
19%
17%
Planned
(809 total)
Operational
(601 total)
Severe
Moderate
Abnormally dry
No drought


[Page 4]
4
Data centres’ direct and indirect water consumption
1.	 Shehabi, Arman, Sarah Smith, Alex Hubbard, Alex Newkirk, et. al. “2024 United States Data Centre Energy Usage Report.” 
December 2024.
2.	 NVIDIA Blog. “Hotter than a hot tub: The 45°C breakthrough to cool AI’s biggest machines.” 22 June 2026.
3.	 Ceres. “Drained by data: The cumulative impact of data centres on regional water stress.” 2025. 
Data centres consume water directly from cooling, and indirectly from power 
supply and semiconductor manufacturing. Indirect consumption, mostly 
associated with thermal power generation, can be many times as great as direct 
consumption. In 2023, the total indirect water consumption of US data centres  
was estimated at nearly 800 billion litres, dwarfing the 66 billion litres of direct  
water consumption.¹
Low costs of water compared to other operating expenditures limit the financial materiality of water 
management. However, water consumption is often a main reason behind local pushbacks, which could 
lead to project delays or cancellations and impair long-term growth.
There are ways to reduce direct water consumption. Instead of using evaporative cooling, which uses 
the evaporation of water to absorb and remove heat, data centres could deploy “closed-loop” cooling 
systems, which circulate water through sealed pipes to absorb heat. They could also use non-potable 
water, such as treated wastewater or even sea water. These technologies can reduce freshwater use by  
50 to 70%. 
Other innovative technologies, such as direct-to-chip cooling (processors attached to a cold plate with 
a running cool liquid loop) and liquid immersion (processors fully submerged in cooling liquid), can 
offer higher water and power efficiency. NVIDIA claims that its latest liquid cooling architecture, where 
the liquid cooling loops operate at much higher temperatures than in conventional cooling systems, can 
potentially eliminate water consumption on site and drastically reduce energy consumption for cooling.²
The potential impact of indirect consumption on local water supplies over time can be significant. For 
example, if all planned data centres in the region of Phoenix, Arizona, come online over the next six years, 
indirect water usage is estimated to grow almost 400% to 14.5 billion gallons (55 billion litres), enough to 
supply the city of Scottsdale, Ariz., with a population of more than 244,000, for over two years.³ Reducing 
power consumption, and specifically, thermal power consumption, helps ease indirect water consumption. 


[Page 5]
5
80
85
90
95
100
105
110
115
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Total
High AI exposure
Index, Sep. 2022=100
ChatGPT released
Job displacement: The lurking fear
Concerns about AI go beyond its consumption of electricity and water. The anxiety 
about AI replacing human workers is running high, particularly in occupations where 
routine cognitive tasks can potentially be automated. 
Early signs of AI-related labour market pressures are emerging, though evidence 
of broad job displacement remains limited. Recent labour force data and company 
commentary suggest AI is influencing hiring patterns more than overall employment 
levels, with softer demand for some entry-level and routine roles alongside stronger 
demand for workers with AI, technical and other specialised skills. At the same time, 
it is difficult to separate AI’s impact from other forces shaping the labour market, 
including economic conditions, industry-specific trends and post-pandemic workforce 
adjustments. Wage effects also appear uneven, with demand strengthening for some 
higher skilled workers while weakening for certain routine and entry-level roles.
It remains too early to know AI’s ultimate effect on employment, even as many experts 
expect the technology to reshape a wide range of occupations. Our investment 
professionals believe outcomes are likely to vary across jobs and industries. At the 
individual level, one important consideration is the mix of judgment, creativity and 
interpersonal skills relative to more routine or rules-based tasks. At the organisational 
level, the quality of AI tools, the economics of adoption, and companies’ abilities to 
integrate AI into existing workflows may prove just as important as the technology itself.
AI’s labour market impact could also influence economic growth, public policy and 
the pace of future adoption. Some of our investment professionals’ scenario analysis 
suggests the outcome will depend on both how widely AI is adopted and the policy 
constraints surrounding its deployment. Rapid adoption with relatively few constraints 
could boost productivity and economic growth, but it could also increase pressure on 
some occupations as AI takes on a larger share of certain tasks. 
Infrastructure bottlenecks, regulation, public trust, and companies’ abilities to 
integrate AI into their operations may ultimately determine how quickly and broadly 
those effects emerge. As shown in the chart, employment growth in industries with 
high AI exposure has trailed the broader labour market since the release of ChatGPT, 
underscoring both the potential for labour market disruption and the difficulty of 
disentangling AI’s effects from broader economic forces.
US employment in sectors with high AI exposure lags other sectors
Source: Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas. “AI is simultaneously aiding and replacing workers, wage data 
suggest.” February 2026. The article uses data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and “Occupational, 
industry, and geographic exposure to artificial intelligence: A novel dataset and its potential uses,” by Edward 
W. Felten, Manav Raj and Robert Seamans, Strategic Management Journal, 2021. High artificial intelligence 
(AI) exposure is the simple average of indexed employment across the four-digit North American Industry 
Classification System (NAICS) industries above the 90th percentile in AI exposure in Felten, Raj and 
Seamans (2021). 


[Page 6]
6
Viewing the AI controversies through an investor’s lens
For investors, understanding the drivers behind the AI controversies helps assess risks 
and opportunities in AI-related investment. 
AI data centre owners and developers operating in resource-constrained areas 
could maintain the social licence to operate and benefit in the long term by helping 
upgrade and improve power grids, manage water usage, and overall have open and 
proactive community engagement. Otherwise, they may risk construction delays and 
project cancellations. 
We engage with hyperscalers to evaluate the steps they are taking to address energy 
affordability. For example, our analysts recently met with Google and discussed 
a US$30 million initiative in Texas that provides subsidies and funds efficiency 
improvements for communities impacted by its plan to build more than 6 gigawatts 
of data centre capacity in the state.
Risks and opportunities also extend to companies along the data centre supply chain. 
We map out US utilities’ AI exposure on a project-by-project basis to monitor potential 
risks, including from local opposition. Our analysts also closely watch advances 
in energy efficiency in areas including chip design and data centre networking, as 
improvement in energy efficiency can help alleviate power constraints. 
We also see potential for companies that are well-placed to capture the need for 
higher water efficiency along the value chain. For example, Ecolab Inc. offers 
products in water conservation solutions, liquid cooling and ultra-pure water for 
semiconductor manufacturing. 
Final thoughts
AI’s potential extends beyond novelty or short-term earnings enthusiasm. As long-
term investors, we seek to understand how companies along the AI supply chain 
can harness opportunities and manage risks, including those from evolving public 
concerns about data centres’ environmental and financial externalities, as well as AI’s 
labour impact. To that end, we take a bottom-up approach, identifying where the risks 
are concentrated, where they are likely to intensify, and understanding the different 
approaches that companies are taking to identify long-term winners.
AI is already useful for some individual workers, but how fast it will scale across 
companies and what impact it will have on the labour market is still uncertain. Our 
investment professionals examine a range of topics, including the complexity of 
individual jobs and the interaction between AI adoption and labour market, to better 
understand AI’s impact on employment, which in turn affects growth, productivity, 
regulation and asset prices. 


[Page 7]
7
This information has been provided solely for informational purposes and is not an offer, or solicitation of an 
offer, or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or instrument listed herein.
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and may not necessarily 
reflect the view of Capital Group or its affiliates. This communication is intended for the internal and confidential use of the 
recipient and not for onward transmission to any other third party. This communication is of a general nature, and not intended 
to provide investment, tax or other advice, or to be a solicitation to buy or sell any securities. All information is as at the date 
indicated and attributed to Capital Group unless otherwise stated. While Capital Group uses reasonable efforts to obtain 
information from third-party sources that it believes to be accurate, this cannot be guaranteed.
This communication is issued by Capital International Management Company Sàrl (CIMC), unless otherwise stated, which is 
regulated by the Luxembourg CSSF - Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
In Switzerland, this communication is issued by Capital International Sàrl, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
In the UK, this communication is issued by Capital International Limited, authorised and regulated by the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority.
In Hong Kong, this communication has been prepared by Capital International, Inc. (Cllnc), a member of Capital Group, a 
company incorporated in California, United States of America. The liability of members is limited. This advertisement or 
publication has not been reviewed by the Securities & Futures Commission of Hong Kong.
In Singapore, this communication has been prepared by Capital Group Investment Management Pte. Ltd. (CGIMPL), a member 
of Capital Group, a company incorporated in Singapore. This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Neither has it been reviewed by any other regulator. 
All Capital Group trademarks are owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. or an affiliated company. All other company 
names mentioned are the property of their respective companies.
© 2026 Capital Group. All rights reserved. WF12482366 EAxJ
