[Page 1]
Less is more: Which 
energy efficiency 
enablers could 
prosper as AI data 
centres proliferate?
Key takeaways
•	
Energy efficiency gains are key to the buildout of artificial intelligence (AI). 
By making each watt go further, companies can sidestep power-availability 
roadblocks and continue to grow their computational power.
•	
This creates opportunities across a broad range of industries that can help 
data centres operate more efficiently, such as advanced semiconductor 
technology, as well as batteries and backup power.
•	
The acceleration in energy demand that AI is creating could also serve as a 
major catalyst to modernise the electricity grid, invest in low-carbon energy 
generation and ultimately build a more sustainable energy system.
Emma Doner
Sustainability 
Research Analyst
September 2026
FOR PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS ONLY 
Marketing communication


[Page 2]
Introduction 
Artificial intelligence (AI)'s growth is becoming increasingly tied to access to 
electricity. Building new generation and grid infrastructure will remain important, but 
supply expansion alone is unlikely to keep pace in the near term. That makes energy 
efficiency an essential part of the equation and creates investment opportunities in a 
broad range of companies.
Even under conservative assumptions, projected data centre electricity demand 
appears likely to exceed available power in several markets over the next few years. 
Utilities and power producers are moving to add capacity, but grid connection wait 
times currently exceed five years in many US regions, for example.
To meet their growth ambitions, hyperscalers, or tech companies that develop and 
operate large data centres, will need to deliver more computational capacity from 
the power they already have. Improvements in chip design, memory bandwidth, 
networking and energy management can reduce costs and support faster scaling. The 
capex spending needed to achieve those improvements could create opportunities in 
semiconductors, memory suppliers, optical components, batteries and backup power.
20
40
60
80
100
120
2024
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030
2031
2032
Hyperscaler
Colocation
Neocloud
Total data centre capacity (GW)
Hyperscale growth
US data centre capacity is projected to grow more than five times by the early 2030s
Source: Capital Group, with data from SemiAnalysis, as at January 2026. Data for 2024 and 2025 were 
actual, and data for 2026 onward are forecast by SemiAnalysis based on announced plans from data 
centre developers. Hyperscalers refer to technology companies that develop and operate large data 
centres. Neocloud refers to specialised cloud infrastructure providers dedicated to AI workloads. 
Colocation data centres lease space for hardware that customers own. GW: gigawatts.
2


[Page 3]
Packing a punch: Chip design addresses power constraints
Large opportunities for AI power efficiency improvements lie within a new chip design 
concept known as advanced packaging, or integration of multiple chips into a single 
enclosed package for better performance and energy efficiency. 
Historically, semiconductor advances have been primarily driven by shrinking the 
size of transistors – key building blocks of chips that are essentially microscopic 
switches that control electrical power – and cramming more of them onto a chip. The 
industry is reaching its limit on physically diminishing transistors, just as demand for 
computational capabilities from AI has increased rapidly. 
Moving data to and from the core compute processor is the largest bottleneck and 
greatest power drain within AI hardware today. Longer distance travelled by data 
increases latency, generates more heat and wastes electricity. Advanced packaging 
addresses this problem by bringing components physically closer together. 
Growing demand for advanced packaging could benefit key players in relevant parts 
of the semiconductor value chain, including leading chipmakers such as Taiwan 
Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC), inspection and testing 
companies such as KLA Corporation, and suppliers of specialised equipment for 
advanced packaging such as ASMPT Limited. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), 
NVIDIA Corporation, Apple Inc. and Broadcom Inc. have incorporated elements of 
advanced packaging into their product roadmaps for 2026 and beyond.
High-bandwidth memory (HBM), a key component of advanced packaging, addresses 
a major source of energy inefficiency in AI systems. 
In many AI workloads today, processors run well below full utilisation because memory 
cannot deliver data quickly enough, a bottleneck commonly referred to as the 
“memory wall.” In practical terms, that means expensive processing capacity often sits 
idle while still consuming power. 
Instead of spreading out memory chips horizontally, HBM places them side-by-side 
or stacks them vertically; and uses more efficient “interconnect,” or electrical 
connection, which shortens the distance to move data and improves performance and 
energy efficiency. 
Leading memory suppliers like SK Hynix Inc., Micron Technology, Inc. and Samsung 
Electronics Company Limited have already benefited from the surge in AI spending, 
and they appear likely to remain attractive for investors as advanced packaging 
technologies, including HBM, are deployed at scale.
Growing bottleneck
Memory and networking capacity has scaled much more slowly than compute
For illustration purposes only. Source: Capital Group analysis using data from Gholami, Amir, Zhewei Yao, 
Sehoon Kim, Coleman Hooper, Michael W Mahoney, and Kurt Keutzer. 2024. “AI and memory wall.”
60,000x 
100x 
30x 
Compute
Memory
Interconnect
2000
2020
2005
2010
2015
Normalised growth
3


[Page 4]
Data centre networking: How to move more data with
less power
Power efficiency improvement at the chip level is critical, as up to 60% of an AI 
centre’s power demand comes from processors and memory. The second-largest 
power consumer is networking: the systems and technologies that connect servers, 
storage and applications within a data centre to enable reliable data movement and 
support large-scale workloads. Networks for AI training could exceed 20% of total 
power consumption at data centres, according to Lumentum Holdings Inc.1
Traditional electrical, copper-based cables can handle high data volumes, but they 
become less efficient as bandwidth demands increase and operators try to limit heat 
and power consumption. 
New technologies have emerged to address the challenge. For example, optical 
networking uses optic fiber to transmit data, and co-packaged optics (CPO) 
technology integrates optics, such as lasers, and electronics into one circuit package.
Optical networking, including CPO, can improve graphics processing unit (GPU) 
utilisation, meaning fewer processors sit idle waiting for data, enabling data centres to 
produce more output without drawing more electricity. 
The transition from copper to optical networking in data centres is still in its early days, 
but the need for more bandwidth, higher speed and lower power consumption points 
to demand growth for various optical products. For example, the market for optical 
transceivers, tiny devices that convert data between electrical and optical formats, is 
poised to grow rapidly through the early 2030s, according to Yole Group.2 
Pure-play companies across the optics supply chain, including laser manufacturers 
Lumentum and Coherent and fiber-optics supplier Corning, have seen their share 
prices rally. Our investment professionals see further upside potential, as 2027 
and 2028 could be another important inflection point for revenue growth as CPO 
adoption accelerates. 
Bright optics
Total optical transceiver market size, 2025 vs. 2031
2031
2025
$101B
Data
communication
$11B
Telecom
$112B
$18B
Data
communication
$5B
Telecom
$23B
Source: Yole Group. “AI redefines the optical transceiver market.” June 2026.
1.	 Lumentum Holdings Inc. “Energy-efficient AI networks lead to dramatic reduction of environmental 
impact.” 2024.
2.	 Yole Group. “AI redefines the optical transceiver market.” June 2026.
4


[Page 5]
Flexible power demand management can go a long way
Another key to improving AI power efficiency is using electricity more intelligently. 
If AI data centres can occasionally reduce power demand from the grid in peak 
hours, existing infrastructure could absorb a surprisingly large amount of 
additional demand.
This does not necessarily mean shutting down a data centre facility. In practice, it can 
mean delaying non-urgent workloads, moving tasks between sites, or temporarily 
relying on on-site generation or battery storage. Case in point: Batteries in data 
centres are shifting from idle backup systems to actively managing AI-driven power 
volatility and supporting grid reliability. If a hyperscaler can offer a utility a credible 
flexibility commitment, it may be able to connect new facilities to the grid faster. The 
rising energy demand from AI could also serve as a major catalyst to invest in low-
carbon energy generation and ultimately build a more sustainable energy system.
There are still hurdles, particularly around market design, contract terms and 
operational reliability. But backup power providers, battery storage companies, 
energy management software vendors, and utilities that can structure flexible-load 
contracts all stand to benefit.
Final thoughts 
As data centre buildouts accelerate and grid capacity remains limited, it may be 
cheaper and easier to unlock power capacity through efficiency gains versus building 
and connecting new power generation capacity. Our investment professionals’ deep 
fundamental research capability allows them to dig deep into different segments 
of the AI data centre value chain – from foundries to battery producers – to seek 
companies that are better positioned to capture growing demand for products and 
solutions that enable data centre power efficiency.
This information has been provided solely for informational purposes and is not an offer, or solicitation of an 
offer, or a recommendation to buy or sell any security or instrument listed herein.
Statements attributed to an individual represent the opinions of that individual as of the date published and may not necessarily 
reflect the view of Capital Group or its affiliates. This communication is intended for the internal and confidential use of the 
recipient and not for onward transmission to any other third party. This communication is of a general nature, and not intended 
to provide investment, tax or other advice, or to be a solicitation to buy or sell any securities. All information is as at the date 
indicated and attributed to Capital Group unless otherwise stated. While Capital Group uses reasonable efforts to obtain 
information from third-party sources that it believes to be accurate, this cannot be guaranteed.
This communication is issued by Capital International Management Company Sàrl (CIMC), unless otherwise stated, which is 
regulated by the Luxembourg CSSF - Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
In Switzerland, this communication is issued by Capital International Sàrl, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
In the UK, this communication is issued by Capital International Limited, authorised and regulated by the UK Financial 
Conduct Authority.
In Hong Kong, this communication has been prepared by Capital International, Inc. (Cllnc), a member of Capital Group, a 
company incorporated in California, United States of America. The liability of members is limited. This advertisement or 
publication has not been reviewed by the Securities & Futures Commission of Hong Kong.
In Singapore, this communication has been prepared by Capital Group Investment Management Pte. Ltd. (CGIMPL), a member 
of Capital Group, a company incorporated in Singapore. This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Neither has it been reviewed by any other regulator. 
All Capital Group trademarks are owned by The Capital Group Companies, Inc. or an affiliated company. All other company 
names mentioned are the property of their respective companies.
© 2026 Capital Group. All rights reserved. WF12482216 EAxJ
5
