[Page 1]
Marketing material for professional investors
Vincent Mortier
Group CIO
Monica Defend
Head of Amundi 
Investment Institute
1
Philippe 
D’Orgeval
Deputy Group CIO
US 30-year Treasury yields rise while the dollar weakens 
Treasury percent yield (LHS); US dollar index (RHS)
Source: Amundi Investment Institute, Bloomberg. Data as of 7 September 2026.
September 2026
Credibility under scrutiny
A summer cocktail of earnings data, geopolitical headlines, and “policy
events” has prompted investors to increasingly scrutinise equity and bond
markets.
On the one hand, equities have held up, even advanced, on the back of a
strong earnings season, which has so far supported the credibility of the
AI trade. On the other hand, bond yields have risen globally to levels not
seen in decades, largely due to uncertainty surrounding major central
banks’ policy paths amid fears of sticky inflation, as well as rising concerns
regarding funding needs and fiscal discipline.
In the US, 30-year Treasury yields reached their highest level in almost
two decades, resulting in the Treasury’s announcement of a double
buyback programme. This action, together with the joint US Treasury–BoJ
intervention in the yen, has reinvigorated the debasement trade, pushing
the US dollar lower against other major currencies and highlighting the
role of gold as a store of value.
With growing investor scrutiny of policymakers’ credibility and corporate
leverage, we focus on the following main themes:
▪Ahead of the US midterm elections, the interaction between the
Treasury’s efforts with the buyback programme and the Fed's inflation
mandate will be a key market theme. The scale of the Treasury’s
intervention would need to be substantial to ease pressure on long-
end real rates, although the Treasury’s position may help keep rate
volatility subdued. The Federal Reserve, meanwhile, is navigating a
narrow path: inflation remains above target, but the labour market
does not show signs of overheating.
980
1000
1020
1040
1060
1080
1100
4.5
4.7
4.9
5.1
5.3
5.5
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
30yr US Gov
US Dollar Index (RHS)


[Page 2]
2
Marketing material for professional investors
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
2
Marketing material for professional investors. 
▪The recent currency intervention by the US Treasury and
the BoJ has reinforced the case for a regime change at the
BoJ, raising expectations for the terminal rate in this hiking
cycle. PM Takaichi can no longer pursue an all-in reflationary
policy mix: loose fiscal policy, loose monetary policy, a weak yen
and capital repatriation. As loose fiscal policy is likely to remain
in place, adjustment is expected to come first through the yen
and monetary policy. These adjustments must be implemented
in a way to avoid tensions in global fixed income markets.
▪The economy is showing resilience amid mounting risks.
Tensions in the Middle East persist, with disruptions in the Strait
of Hormuz still unresolved and Red Sea risks increasing.
Maintaining alternative routes for oil supplies and bypassing
the Strait of Hormuz are crucial for the economy’s resilience and
for mitigating inflationary pressures. It is also important to
monitor the risks of rising food prices linked to climate change
and the trend in gas prices, as reserves remain low in Europe
and in Germany in particular.
▪The AI theme is becoming more selective. Q2 earnings
season has highlighted that the infrastructure build-out is
accelerating, but increasingly through debt financing and off-
balance sheet positions. This is adding to long-end supply
pressure and creating a feedback loop between tech valuations
and debt markets that did not exist two years ago. Going
ahead, the scrutiny of company leverage will be paramount.
▪Emerging markets remain resilient and could continue to
benefit from demand for diversification in bonds and
equities, but selectivity remains key.
In this environment, we maintain a mildly risk-on stance
overall,
as
the
broader
economic
environment
remains
moderately constructive as long as credit and liquidity conditions
remain benign. However, as risks build beneath the surface, we
believe diversification is now more important than ever.
Amundi Investment Institute: Central bank actions
Fed: At Jackson Hole, Warsh struck an overall hawkish tone and a commitment to price stability
without signalling an imminent hike or providing a policy threshold. The important message is
a higher hurdle for cuts, and a higher-for-longer bias, with tightening still possible should
inflation reaccelerate. The speech confirmed little appetite for alternative views on what
matters most for the Fed and limited space for forward guidance. Short-term interest rates are
set to remain the dominant tool, with unconventional tools to play only a limited role.
BoJ: Acknowledging upside inflation risks, the BoJ is likely to squeeze in four hikes before mid-
2027, raising the policy rate to a neutral 2%. This is a regime change compared to its previous
gradual normalisation, accelerated by the increased pressure on a weak yen.
“The faster normalisation of monetary policy in Japan must be implemented smoothly to 
avoid spiking volatility in global bond yields.”
Monica Defend
Head of Amundi Investment Institute
“Diversification and 
selectivity are key in 
an environment of 
higher scrutiny of 
policymakers’ 
credibility and of the 
AI ecosystem, 
including its links to 
credit markets and 
off-balance-sheet 
positions.”


[Page 3]
3
Marketing material for professional investors
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
3
Marketing material for professional investors. 
Below we have outlined our views on asset classes in our current
base-case scenario:
▪In fixed income, we keep a close to neutral stance on US
duration, with a steepening bias. In the EMU, we favour
peripherals over core and also confirm steepening. In the UK,
we confirm a less positive stance on UK duration, while in Japan
we remain cautious, given the normalisation of monetary
policy. In credit, we remain constructive on an all-in yield basis,
favouring Global IG, while slightly reducing our position in EUR
IG.
▪In equities, we continue to focus on resilient, non-disrupted
business models and balance sheet growth. Strategically, we
confirm a cautious stance on the US given high valuations and
concentration risks. We maintain our long-term positive view on
Europe, which looks attractive on earnings and the drive toward
strategic autonomy. We are more constructive on Japan, given
reasonable
valuations,
robust
profitability,
buybacks,
pro-
growth policies and notable governance reforms. In EM, LatAm
offers opportunities to diversify beyond tech.
▪In
multi-asset,
we
maintain
a
pro-risk
stance,
but
our
preference is for carry, selectivity and regional diversification
rather than strong directional positions. On equities, in the US
we maintain a balanced stance through the S&P 500 Equal
Weight alongside an even allocation to the S&P 500. We confirm
a positive view on Europe. In FX, we continue to favour higher-
carry EM currencies. In commodities, we have increased our
exposure to gold, reflecting the supportive backdrop from
central
bank
buying,
geopolitical
uncertainty
and
debt
sustainability concerns.
Overall risk sentiment 
Changes vs last month 
▪
Multi-asset: In commodities, we have increased our exposure to gold, reflecting the 
supportive backdrop from central bank buying, geopolitical uncertainty and debt 
sustainability concerns. 
▪
Fixed income: In credit, we have slightly reduced our position in EUR IG.
▪
Equities:  We are more constructive on Japan, where we are finding opportunities given 
reasonable valuations, robust profitability, share buybacks, pro-growth policies and notable 
governance reforms. Latin America offers opportunities to diversify beyond tech. 
Risk off                          Risk on 
Overall risk sentiment is a qualitative view towards risk assets (credit, equity, commodities) expressed by the various investment platforms
and shared at the global investment committee. Our stance may be adjusted to reflect any change in the market and economic backdrop.
ECB = European Central Bank, DM = Developed Markets, EM = Emerging Markets, CBs = central banks, IG = investment grade, HY
= high yield, HC = Hard Currency, LC = Local Currency. For other definitions see the last page of this document.
We remain mildly risk-on, with a strong focus on 
diversification and selectivity.
“A prolonged period 
of higher rates could 
tighten financial 
conditions and put 
pressure on some 
equity sectors and 
corporate bond 
markets. We favour 
areas where return on 
assets should remain 
strong enough to 
absorb higher 
funding costs.”


[Page 4]
4
Marketing material for professional investors
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
Steepening trade has further room to go
Spread, bps
Source: Amundi Investment Institute, Bloomberg. Latest data as of 7 September 2026.
Bond yields on the rise
F I X E D I N C O M E
A U T H O R
Amaury 
D’Orsay
Head of Fixed Income
Global growth remains resilient but uneven, with policy divergence and
geopolitical
tensions
creating
an
increasingly
fragmented
macro
environment. Oil price volatility over the summer, driven largely by
geopolitical developments, has renewed uncertainty around the inflation
trajectory and, by extension, the path of monetary policy. These factors,
together with funding needs and a lack of fiscal discipline, have created
tensions in longer dated bond markets globally.
Even so, this does not materially change our view. We confirm our more dovish outlook for the Fed,
expecting it to remain on hold through year-end, and for the ECB, where we continue to expect
only one further hike. As pressure at the long end is likely to remain, this supports our conviction
in curve steepening across the curves, except for Japan.
Duration and yield curves
Credit
EM bonds and FX
▪In the US, we keep a close 
to neutral stance on 
duration, with a preference 
for the 5-year segment and 
steepening, as we believe 
that pressure on longer-
maturity bond yields could 
persist. 
▪In the EU, we continue to 
favour peripherals over 
core and confirm the 
steepener view.
▪In the UK, we  confirm a 
cautious stance, 
maintaining the steepener. 
▪We remain cautious on 
Japanese bonds, confirming 
the flattening.  
▪We remain mildly 
constructive on this asset 
class, in particular high-
quality credit. As sector 
dispersion continues to 
increase, sector/issuer 
selection will be important. 
▪We are positive on Global 
IG, although we have 
slightly reduced the 
preference for EUR IG.
▪We continue to favour 
subordinated over HY, with 
a preference for short-
dated bonds.
▪At sector level, we prefer 
financials and, among non-
financials, telecom, tech 
and pharmaceuticals.
▪We are constructive on EM 
debt, supported by a 
weaker US dollar, attractive 
real yields and improving 
fundamentals. 
▪We have a positive stance 
on Corporate Hard 
Currency and Sovereign 
Hard Currency, where we 
favour Latin America and 
Sub-Saharan Africa. We  
favour a country-wise 
selective approach in Local 
Currency bonds (Brazil, 
Hungary and South Africa).
▪We are cautious on EM 
currencies, favouring 
LatAm and Central-Eastern 
Europe over Asian 
currencies. 
-100
0
100
200
300
1996
2001
2006
2011
2016
2021
2026
US 5Y-30Y
Germany 5Y-30Y


[Page 5]
5
Marketing material for professional investors
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
A robust Q2 26 reporting season for both the US and Europe
Earnings net-up, 3-month average 
Source: Amundi Investment Institute, Bloomberg, data as of 31 August 2026. MSCI indices in local currency. Earnings net up: percentage of upward
revisions to the 12-month forward EPS estimates with respect to downward revisions.
Equity markets edged higher, led by Europe and emerging markets.
Earnings growth remains solid on both sides of the Atlantic. The earnings
season highlighted wide single-stock dispersion, with investors rewarding
growth and punishing misses. It has also delivered strong upgrades. As a
result, earnings revisions have risen to levels usually seen during
recovery phases. Also in EM, earnings remain robust.
Positioning for growth amid dispersion
E Q U I T I E S
A U T H O R
Barry
Glavin
Head of Equity Platform
Developed markets 
Emerging markets
•
We focus on AI-resistant stocks in the 
consumer staples, healthcare, industrials 
and materials sectors.
•
In Europe, we retain a positive stance on 
technology stocks, with any valuation 
weakness potentially offering 
opportunities. Given concerns around 
profitability, valuations and supply 
chains, we remain selectively exposed to 
AI enablers, while avoiding stocks with 
capital misallocation risk. Capital goods 
stocks should benefit from data-centre 
demand and construction businesses 
from infrastructure spending. In global 
financials, we believe stock picking is now 
vital. 
•
In Japan, we like small- and mid-cap 
stocks exposed to onshoring, supply-
chain resilience, defence, AI and 
infrastructure. In particular, we focus on 
industrials with a domestic bias. 
•
Earnings are robust, driven by 
digitalisation. Taiwanese and Korean 
suppliers benefit from the AI-boom, but 
profits are unlikely to last. U.S. technology 
spending underpins demand, despite 
concerns over returns, leverage and 
Chinese competition.
•
We keep a neutral stance on China. While 
government investment may accelerate, 
much is likely to go into infrastructure,
with computing capacity a key focus. 
Domestic consumption support should 
stay gradual. The earnings outlook is  
uncertain amid overcapacity while the 
anti-involution drive will take time to help.
•
In Brazil, the downside seems limited if 
Lula wins the October election, but the 
upside is notable if he loses. Brazil also 
faces fiscal, monetary policy and El Niño-
related inflation worries. 
We continue to diversify away from the U.S. to reduce concentration and valuation risks. Europe
looks attractive on earnings growth and the drive toward strategic autonomy. In Japan, we are
finding opportunities given robust profitability, share buybacks, pro-growth policies and notable
governance reforms. We remain constructive on EM, while noting the importance of AI capex
momentum for equity indices.
-80%
-50%
-20%
10%
40%
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
US
EUR


[Page 6]
6
Marketing material for professional investors
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
M U L T I - A S S E T
A U T H O R S
Francesco 
Sandrini
CIO Italy & Global Head of 
Multi-Asset
John 
O’Toole
Global Head - CIO
Solutions
Amundi Multi Asset Investment Views*
Source: Amundi, as of 9 September
2026. Changes M-1 refers to changes
from the previous month. The table
represents
the
main
investment
convictions (including hedging) of the
Multi Asset Platforms. *The views are
expressed relative to a Reference Asset
Allocation (with benchmark 45% equity,
45% bonds, 5% commodities, 5% cash)
with “=“ being neutral. The + and – may
not sum up due to potential use of
derivatives in the implementation. This
is an assessment at a specific time, and
it can be subject to change at any time.
This information is not intended to be a
forecast of future results and should not
be
relied
upon
by
the
reader
as
research,
investment
advice
or
a
recommendation regarding any fund or
any
security
in
particular.
This
information is for illustrative purposes
and
does
not
represent
the
actual
current, past or future asset allocation
or portfolio of any Amundi product.
Cross-asset allocation 
views net of hedges
Change 
vs M-1
Cash
Duration
Credit
IG credit
HY credit
EM Bonds
Equity 
US 
DM ex US
EM
Gold
Oil
Downgrade vs previous month
Upgrade vs previous month 
The broader economic environment remains moderately constructive,
as growth has so far proven resilient, particularly in Europe, and
inflation has given some signs of easing. As markets continue to be
sensitive to any signs of renewed geopolitical or inflationary pressure,
we confirm a pro-risk positioning, but with a clear preference for carry,
selectivity and regional diversification.
On equities, we confirm a diversified approach as we continue to
prefer
areas
with
more
supportive
valuations
and
less
risk
concentration. In the US, we maintain a balanced stance through the
S&P 500 Equal Weight alongside an even allocation to the S&P 500. In
Europe, we confirm a positive stance. Valuations remain attractive,
positioning is still light and the policy backdrop is supportive. We
continue to see scope for a cyclical recovery, with banks and other
cyclical sectors looking well placed. In emerging markets, Latin
America also remains attractive with interesting valuations relative to
other emerging markets.
In fixed income, we retain a constructive duration bias in the US and Europe. However, pressure at
the long end has led us to adopt a more defensive view on the US curve, with a new steepening bias.
We remain cautious on Japan. In credit, we maintain a constructive stance on Euro IG credit, given
the still-attractive relative valuations and the potential for spreads to remain stable or compress
further, whilst monitoring liquidity conditions closely. We also confirm a positive view on EM
spreads, which continue to offer attractive carry and benefit from supportive market sentiment.
In commodities, we have increased our positive stance on gold: Central bank buying is still strong,
while geopolitical uncertainty, debt sustainability concerns and a softer dollar continue to underpin
structural demand.
In FX, we favour higher-carry EM currencies, with BRL and TRY still offering attractive carry.
Mildly pro-risk, with selectivity  


[Page 7]
7
Marketing material for professional investors
Marketing material for professional investors
7
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
Amundi views by asset classes
Equity Views
Fixed Income Views
DM Equities
Change vs M-1
---
--
-
-/=
=
=/+
+
++
+++
US

US equal-weighted

Europe

Europe SMID

Japan


Duration
Change vs M-1
---
--
-
-/=
=
=/+
+
++
+++
US

EU

UK

Japan

Overall

EM Bonds
Change vs M-1
---
--
-
-/=
=
=/+
+
++
+++
EM Sovereign HC

EM Corp. HC

EM LC

China govt.

India govt.

Overall

EM Equities
Change vs M-1
---
--
-
-/=
=
=/+
+
++
+++
EM

EM Asia

Latin America


Emerging EMEA

EM-ex China

China

India

Credit
Change vs M-1
---
--
-
-/=
=
=/+
+
++
+++
US IG

US HY

EU IG


EU HY

Overall



[Page 8]
8
Marketing material for professional investors
Marketing material for professional investors
8
Amundi Investment Institute
Global Investment Views
DEFINITION ABBREVIATIONS
Currency abbreviations: USD – US dollar, BRL – Brazilian real, JPY – Japanese yen, GBP – British pound sterling, EUR – Euro, CAD – Canadian
dollar, SEK – Swedish krona, NOK – Norwegian krone, CHF – Swiss Franc, NZD – New Zealand dollar, AUD – Australian dollar, CNY – Chinese
Renminbi, CLP – Chilean Peso, MXN – Mexican Peso, IDR – Indonesian Rupiah, RUB – Russian Ruble, ZAR – South African Rand, TRY –
Turkish lira, KRW – South Korean Won, THB – Thai Baht, HUF – Hungarian Forint.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
The MSCI information may only be used for your internal use, may not be reproduced or disseminated in any form and may not be used
as a basis for or a component of any financial instruments or products or indices. None of the MSCI information is intended to constitute
investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as
such. Historical data and analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance analysis, forecast or
prediction. The MSCI information is provided on an “as is” basis and the user of this information assumes the entire risk of any use made
of this information. MSCI, each of its affiliates and each other person involved in or related to compiling, computing or creating any MSCI
information (collectively, the “MSCI Parties”) expressly disclaims all warranties (including, without limitation, any warranty of originality,
accuracy, completeness, timeliness, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose) with respect to this
information. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall any MSCI Party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special,
incidental, punitive, consequential (including, without limitation, lost profits) or any other damages. (www.mscibarra.com). The Global
Industry Classification Standard (GICS) SM was developed by and is the exclusive property and a service mark of Standard & Poor's and
MSCI. Neither Standard & Poor's, MSCI nor any other party involved in making or compiling any GICS classifications makes any express or
implied warranties or representations with respect to such standard or classification (or the results to be obtained by the use thereof), and
all such parties hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular
purpose with respect to any of such standard or classification. Without limiting any of the forgoing, in no event shall Standard & Poor's,
MSCI, any of their affiliates or any third party involved in making or compiling any GICS classification have any liability for any direct,
indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages.
This document is solely for informational purposes. This document does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy,
or a recommendation of any security or any other product or service. Any securities, products, or services referenced may not be
registered for sale with the relevant authority in your jurisdiction and may not be regulated or supervised by any governmental or similar
authority in your jurisdiction. Any information contained in this document may only be used for your internal use, may not be reproduced
or redisseminated in any form and may not be used as a basis for or a component of any financial instruments or products or indices.
Furthermore, nothing in this document is intended to provide tax, legal, or investment advice. Unless otherwise stated, all information
contained in this document is from Amundi Asset Management S.A.S. and is as of 9 September 2026. Diversification does not guarantee a
profit or protect against a loss. This document is provided on an “as is” basis and the user of this information assumes the entire risk of
any use made of this information. Historical data and analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future
performance analysis, forecast or prediction. The views expressed regarding market and economic trends are those of the author and not
necessarily Amundi Asset Management S.A.S. and are subject to change at any time based on market and other conditions, and there can
be no assurance that countries, markets or sectors will perform as expected. These views should not be relied upon as investment advice,
a security recommendation, or as an indication of trading for any Amundi product. Investment involves risks, including market, political,
liquidity and currency risks. Furthermore, in no event shall Amundi have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive,
consequential (including, without limitation, lost profits) or any other damages due to its use.
Date of first use: 9 September 2026. DOC ID: 5909144
Document issued by Amundi Asset Management, “société par actions simplifiée”- SAS with a capital of €1,143,615,555 - Portfolio manager
regulated by the AMF under number GP04000036 - Head office: 91-93 boulevard Pasteur, 75015 Paris - France - 437 574 452 RCS Paris -
www.amundi.com.
Photo credit: Unya-MT @gettyimages
Marketing material for professional investors.
Source: Summary of views expressed at the most recent global investment committee (GIC) and discussions after. Views as of 9 September
2026. The table shows absolute views on each asset class and are expressed on a 9 scale range, where = refers to a neutral stance. This material
represents an assessment of the market at a specific time and is not intended to be a forecast of future events or a guarantee of future results.
This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment advice or a recommendation regarding any fund or any
security in particular. This information is strictly for illustrative and educational purposes and is subject to change. This information does not
represent the actual current, past or future asset allocation or portfolio of any Amundi product. FX table shows absolute FX views of the GIC. *
Represents a consolidated view of multiple EM currencies.
Downgrade vs previous month
Upgrade vs previous month 
Global FX views
FX
Change vs M-1
---
--
-
-/=
=
=/+
+
++
+++
USD

EUR

GBP

JPY


EM FX*


