[Page 1]
MULTI-ASSET  |  SEPTEMBER 2026
Investment Strategy 
Insights: Higher Bond 
Yields, Limited Stress
Author
Hani Redha, CAIA
Global Multi-Asset 
Portfolio Manager
About this Report
Our team believes that not only do differences of opinion make markets, but they may also 
foreshadow substantial moves ahead as these differences are resolved. Once a month, investment 
leaders from our global multi-asset, equities, and fixed income teams meet to share their diverse 
viewpoints. This report reflects those discussions and debates by providing insights on the topic of 
the month along with snapshots of our asset class views and convictions across the firm.


[Page 2]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
2
Higher bond yields have re-emerged as a central market discussion, prompting investors to reassess 
implications across asset classes. Yet, the current environment is best viewed as a continuation of a secular 
post-pandemic normalization rather than an aberration that will reverse. Sovereign yields have been trending 
higher globally for several years, and while concerns around fiscal sustainability frequently dominate 
headlines, there is little evidence that the move we have seen has been due to these recurring concerns. 
The recent move in yields has often been framed as a referendum specifically on U.S. fiscal deficits. While 
fiscal concerns remain relevant, there is increasing evidence that the story is broader than any single 
country. Long-end yields have risen across much of the G10, including countries with very different fiscal 
trajectories. At the same time, market pricing has shifted substantially from expecting policy rate cuts to 
pricing the possibility of additional central bank tightening. This repricing of interest rate expectations 
appears to explain the lion’s share of the move in long-end yields, which makes it far less problematic than 
the financial press typically conveys. 
Recent remarks from Fed Chair Kevin Warsh at Jackson Hole reinforced the view that financial conditions are 
not currently restrictive and that labor market conditions remain consistent with full employment. While the 
Fed remains committed to its 2% PCE inflation target, Warsh emphasized that the speed at which inflation 
returns to target matters, suggesting that policymakers remain concerned that disinflation is proceeding too 
slowly. As a result, markets have increasingly shifted toward a higher-for-longer policy outlook, given the 
emphasis on the inflation side of the Fed’s dual mandate. From this perspective, the recent move in yields 
appears driven not only by term-premium normalization but also inflation, which in turn is being driven by 
temporary supply shocks. For markets, it is also critical to recognize that this is happening in parallel with 
robust growth. 
The global picture offers additional context. In Japan, rising yields reflect the end of the deflation era, 
which will warrant higher policy rates—quite a contrast to the Bank of Japan’s bizarre experimentation with 
negative interest rates, which only ended in 2024. Europe faces a different set of challenges, with significant 
structural growth concerns and fiscal pressures. Meanwhile, China continues to represent the largest source 
of global growth uncertainty. These divergent dynamics suggest that the rise in yields is not solely a U.S. 
phenomenon, but rather part of a broader reassessment of growth, inflation and policy expectations across 
developed markets.
One of the more surprising features of the current environment is how little economic stress has emerged 
despite the rise in borrowing costs. Within credit markets, spreads remain very well-behaved, supported 
by strong technical demand and attractive all-in yields. Pension funds and other yield-focused investors 
continue to provide a stable source of demand, while higher yields themselves help support tighter spreads. 
Importantly, corporate fundamentals remain resilient. Interest coverage ratios remain at sustainable levels, 
and the feared wave of defaults that many anticipated following the post-pandemic rise in rates has largely 
failed to materialize. Our analysts are sanguine about the impact on corporate fundamentals from current 
levels of bond yields. 
Equities have shown a similarly muted response. Higher yields are traditionally viewed as competition 
for stocks, yet corporate earnings expectations remain robust. Consumer spending remains healthy, 
credit performance remains benign and corporate balance sheets generally appear well-positioned. 
Notwithstanding attractive all-in yields, it remains difficult for fixed income to compete with the growth 
potential of equities, particularly in the midst of the largest investment boom in modern history. 
The industrial and financial sectors provide a similar message. Companies continue to cite tariffs, policy 
uncertainty and macro volatility as greater impediments to planning than financing costs. For banks, the 
impact on loan growth remains modest, while higher rates can support profitability through net interest 


[Page 3]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
3
margins. The principal risk remains a scenario in which yields rise significantly and begin to create concerns 
similar to those seen during the regional banking stresses of 2023. At present, however, such risks remain 
more of a watch item than an active concern.
Emerging markets have also demonstrated resilience. Most country-specific moves in yields, spreads and 
currencies have been driven primarily by domestic factors, not U.S. rates. Corporate balance sheets across 
many emerging markets are considerably stronger than in previous cycles, and benchmark valuations remain 
attractive by historical standards. While a sharp rise in U.S. yields toward substantially higher levels could 
become problematic, current levels are very manageable. 
One area where higher yields are clearly having an effect is housing. Higher mortgage rates, combined 
with elevated home prices, have significantly reduced affordability. Yet, housing markets appear stuck in a 
holding pattern rather than experiencing a correction. Existing homeowners remain reluctant to relinquish 
mortgages originated at much lower rates, while new housing activity remains subdued. Unlike other parts 
of the economy, housing appears unable to fully adapt to the new rate environment. In many respects, it 
remains the most visible casualty of the post-pandemic normalization.
Overall, the message across asset classes is quite consistent. Despite significantly higher yields than 
investors became accustomed to during the previous decade, there is limited evidence of broad-based 
economic or corporate stress. Consumers remain resilient, corporate balance sheets remain healthy and 
credit markets continue to function well. At the same time, the Jackson Hole message suggests policymakers 
are not yet convinced inflation is returning to target quickly enough, even with inflation expectations 
remaining anchored. This reinforces the idea that current yield levels are being driven more by inflation and 
monetary policy considerations than by concerns over fiscal deficits. Fiscal concerns may eventually come to 
a head, but when they do, they are much more likely to manifest through currency weakness than defaults or 
out-of-control bond yields. For multi-asset investors, this creates a rich environment for investment returns. 
Risk-free assets now have a favorable risk-reward profile, in parallel with the growth potential of equities, 
allowing for the creation of robust portfolios with attractive total return prospects.


[Page 4]
Global Macro
Sam McDonald
Sovereign Analyst,  
Emerging Markets  
Fixed Income
CS 2.5 (-0.5) 
Signs of moderation in U.S. economic activity are emerging, but overall levels 
remain robust. Importantly, European activity has surprised to the upside lately, 
with growth surprises catching up to the U.S. for the first time in more than a 
year. Inflation surprised to the downside in the U.S. but to the upside in Europe.
Recent negative non-farm payrolls notwithstanding, the U.S. labor market 
remains resilient and firm. The unemployment rate has ticked down to 
4.1%, and steady jobless claims continue to indicate that the no-hire/no-fire 
dynamics of recent years remain in place.
The Fed remains focused on inflation risks. Barring a material escalation in the 
Iran conflict that drives oil prices sharply higher, our base case is a hold until the 
end of the year as disinflation continues. Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh’s 
Jackson Hole speech leaned hawkish but fell short of committing to hikes.
We expect the 50% tariff rate on Canadian imports using Section 338 
authority will have a small impact given its limited scope ($20 billion), 
leaving the average tariff at ~12.8%. Negotiations with Mexico are 
progressing. More Section 301 tariffs, which are on stronger legal footing 
than Section 338 tariffs, are forthcoming on 15 countries.
Credit
John Yovanovic, CFA
Co-Head of  
Leveraged Finance
CS 3.5 (unchanged)
Higher all-in yields continue to anchor demand across fixed income. The Iran 
conflict is still topical, affecting credit markets via central bank policy and the 
yield curve. However, technical pressures from the AI buildout remain more 
important day to day. 
The U.S. Treasury is competing with the Fed for headlines, as recent 
buybacks created short-term relief without changing the long-term trend. The 
central bank remains on hold, with the next move now more likely a hike than 
a cut, in our view.
Spreads sit at or near multi-year tights across nearly every segment, and the 
consensus has shifted from further compression to modest widening. 
Our defensive bias is unchanged. Returns are likely to be a function of  
yield, carry and curve. Yields are attractive, but spreads are likely to remain 
range-bound.
Conviction Score (CS) and Investment Views 
The Conviction Scores shown below reflect the investment team’s views on how portfolios should be positioned for the next 
six-to-nine months. 1=bullish, 5=bearish, and the change from the prior month is indicated in parentheses.


[Page 5]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
5
Currency  
(USD Perspective)
Alfonso De la Torre
Sovereign Analyst, 
Emerging Markets  
Fixed Income
CS 2.50 (-0.50)
We believe this year’s peak for the U.S. dollar is behind us; we are now 
turning bearish in line with our expectation of a Fed hold on a rate hike 
and the potential for Iran de-escalation. The Treasury’s announcement of 
upsized buybacks for long-end bonds also adds downward pressure on the 
dollar in the near term. 
Developed market currencies recently have gained ground, led once again 
by G10 cyclicals (the Australian dollar, Norwegian krone, New Zealand dollar 
and the Canadian dollar), with core reserve currencies coming behind, with 
the euro up 1.3%, the British pound up 1.24% and the Swiss franc up 0.8%. 
The sole underperformer was the Japanese yen, as it gave up roughly half 
the gains of the FX intervention in late July.
Emerging market foreign exchange strengthened on an equally weighted basis 
following the July Federal Open Markets Committee meeting. EM currencies 
were up 1% overall, with the South Korean won up 4%, South African rand 
up 3.8% and the Hungarian forint and the Mexican peso each up 2.3%. The 
standout underperformer was the Brazilian real, which was down 1.4% on 
concerns ahead of October’s presidential elections and equity outflows.
Emerging Markets 
Fixed Income 
Joseph Cuthbertson
Sovereign Analyst, 
Emerging Markets  
Fixed Income
USD EM (Sovereign  
and Corp.) 
3.00 (unchanged)
Local Markets 
(Sovereign) 
2.75 (-0.25)
The resumption of the Iran conflict and the closure of the Strait of Hormuz 
have increased volatility and pushed oil prices higher, resulting in a 
moderately negative impact on EM spreads. As expected, oil-importing 
countries have underperformed oil exporters.
We believe the rise in oil prices reflects the market pricing in a premium for 
a slower-than-previously-expected recovery in oil production, as well as 
greater risk of damage to regional hydrocarbon assets. Our expectation is 
that this situation will prove temporary, with both sides ultimately incentivized 
to return to the June 2026 Memorandum of Understanding framework.
Higher oil prices also have renewed concerns about the potential need  
for tighter U.S. financial conditions. However, the June and July CPI 
prints have largely alleviated these concerns, supporting the view that 
any previous hawkish rhetoric is unlikely to translate into actual Fed rate 
hikes. Combined with measures aimed at supporting the U.S. yield curve, 
which we see as positive for EM FX, we believe macroeconomic conditions 
remain supportive for EM assets, with growth remaining robust and financial 
conditions accommodative.
We expect an eventual Iran deal to result in oil prices settling below the 
levels observed in the second quarter. However, the longer lead time 
required to bring previously shut-in production back online, together with 
the replenishment of strategic reserves, should provide a supportive multi-
year floor for prices. While expectations of a supply glut driven by new 
production are likely to cap upside price pressures, the overall outcome 
should return oil prices to a level that is supportive for EM.


[Page 6]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
6
For EM corporates, credit trends remain broadly neutral as we conclude the 
Q2 earnings season. Underlying credit fundamentals continue to be stable, 
while rating agency actions remain net positive.
The market is anticipating an increase in corporate and sovereign issuance 
in September. There is speculation that Egypt, Guatemala and Nigeria may 
come to market in high yield, while Chile, Latvia and Romania could issue 
in investment grade. We also expect corporate issuance to be active. The 
market is well anticipated to absorb the anticipated increase in supply, with 
investors due to receive approximately $41 billion in repayments. We expect 
net financing for corporates to turn negative after September.
Multi-Asset 
Peter Hu, CFA
Portfolio Manager, 
Global Multi-Asset
CS 3.0 (unchanged)
While the breakdown of the U.S.-Iran Memorandum of Understanding has 
reintroduced political uncertainty, it also has encouraged Gulf Cooperation 
Council members to take the lead in seeking a resolution. Despite the 
renewed uncertainty, resilient growth and exceptional earnings continue to 
support markets, and the AI investment boom is adding a sturdier source 
of incremental growth. Productivity is already supporting real wage growth 
while lowering unit costs, although the infrastructure buildout is creating 
near-term pressure on producer prices. We therefore see a constructive 
fundamental backdrop, but one that may continue to generate short-term 
market volatility.
The AI cycle is also moving into its next phase. Recent weakness in memory 
and semiconductor stocks reflect concerns about capacity expansion, 
crowded positioning and revenue growth approaching a near-term peak, 
but we see it as more consistent with a mid-cycle correction than with 
the end of the broader AI investment cycle. The shift from subscription 
and freemium offerings toward usage-based pricing is accelerating token 
consumption and cloud demand. At the same time, recent earnings are 
providing clearer evidence that AI-related capital investment is translating 
into accelerating cloud growth, improving margins and a more demonstrable 
return on capital. The discussion is therefore beginning to move away from 
whether the infrastructure buildout is financially sustainable and toward 
monetization, profitability and the enterprise use cases that we expect to 
strengthen in 2027.
While seeing opportunities, we remain mindful of the risks. The global 
investment boom in AI infrastructure, energy, reindustrialization and defense 
could keep real rates elevated, while the policy approach of the new Fed 
chair has added uncertainty around rates and the Fed’s balance sheet. AI 
may also create a disruptive transition for parts of the labor market before its 
broader productivity and disinflationary benefits emerge. On balance, after 
a strong year-to-date rally in the equity market, we are taking a temporary 
time out and lowering our Risk Dial Score to a neutral 3.0.


[Page 7]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
7
Global Equities
Pedro Bravo
Equity Analyst, Global 
Equities
CS 3.00 (unchanged)
Global equities were broadly flat in July, with the MSCI All Country 
World Index (ACWI) rising just eight basis points. Beneath the surface, 
performance dispersion was significant, with technology stocks down 5.6% 
while energy stocks rose by 12% and financials gained 6%. High-cyclical-
growth stocks lost 8% of their value while high-stable-growth stocks were 
up 6%. Much of the weakness reflected a rotation away from AI-related 
beneficiaries amid heightened expectations and positioning concerns ahead 
of Q2 earnings. Strong earnings results and guidance have since supported 
a rebound in technology.
Overall, Q2 earnings have been exceptionally robust, with S&P 500 earnings 
growth tracking above 30% year over year. Importantly, strength has been 
broad-based, with the rate of earnings and revenue beats well above 
historical averages.
Global Emerging 
Markets Equity
Taras Shumelda
Portfolio Manager, 
Global Emerging 
Markets Equities
CS 2.75 (unchanged)
The two central questions posed last month remain unanswered: Will the 
de facto ceasefire with Iran hold? Has AI-driven capex peaked? Both carry 
implications for risk perceptions and for company earnings.
Almost every GEM company we cover has reported second-quarter 
earnings, and thus far, the reports have been better than expected. In fact, 
not a single large company had a big miss. A few had large beats, however, 
especially in the tech sector. In the aggregate, GEM earnings forecasts have 
risen 5%, with the biggest improvement in EM Asia at 6%. Not surprisingly, 
Korea and Taiwan’s tech sector drove the forward revisions, but revisions 
are also accelerating in India and Thailand.
Latin America has been a revisions laggard due to Brazil, but companies 
in Colombia—especially Colombian banks—have seen significant profit 
improvement. EMEA has been somewhat weak except for Poland, where 
there were large upgrades.
By sector, industrials led the earnings revisions, helped by several large 
beats in China, closely followed by tech and energy. Of note is that both 
companies outside the AI segment and companies previously seen as 
vulnerable to AI disruption, with TAL Education as an example of the latter, 
are beginning to outperform again if their earnings merit it. We hope this 
welcome trend continues.


[Page 8]
METLIFE.COM/INVESTMENTS
8
Disclosure
MetLife Investment Management (“MIM”), which includes PineBridge Investments, is MetLife, Inc.’s institutional investment management 
business. MIM is a group of international companies that provides investment advice and markets asset management products and services 
to clients around the world. The various global teams referenced in this document, including portfolio managers, research analysts and traders 
are employed by the various legal entities that comprise MIM.
All investments involve risk, including possible loss of principal; no guarantee is made that investments will be profitable. This document is 
solely for informational purposes and does not constitute a recommendation regarding any investments or the provision of any investment 
advice, or constitute or form part of any advertisement of, offer for sale or subscription of, solicitation or invitation of any offer or 
recommendation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or investment advisory services. The views expressed herein are solely those of 
MIM and do not necessarily reflect, nor are they necessarily consistent with, the views held by, or the forecasts utilized by, the entities within 
the MetLife enterprise that provide insurance products, annuities and employee benefit programs. The information and opinions presented or 
contained in this document are provided as of the date it was written. It should be understood that subsequent developments may materially 
affect the information contained in this document, which none of MIM, its affiliates, advisors or representatives are under an obligation to 
update, revise or affirm. It is not MIM’s intention to provide, and you may not rely on this document as providing, a recommendation with 
respect to any particular investment strategy or investment. Affiliates of MIM may perform services for, solicit business from, hold long or 
short positions in, or otherwise be interested in the investments (including derivatives) of any company mentioned herein. Views may be based 
on third-party data that has not been independently verified. MIM does not approve of or endorse any republication of this material. This 
document may contain forward-looking statements, as well as predictions, projections and forecasts of the economy or economic trends of 
the markets, which are not necessarily indicative of the future. Any or all forward-looking statements, as well as those included in any other 
material discussed at the presentation, may turn out to be wrong.
Readership: This document is intended solely for the addressee(s) and may not be redistributed without the prior permission of MIM. Its 
content may be confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information. MIM and its subsidiaries are not responsible for any unlawful 
distribution of this document to any third parties, in whole or in part.
Risk of loss. Your capital is at risk. Investing in the strategies discussed herein are subject to various risks which must be considered prior to 
investing. All investments are subject to regional, industry, market, political, regulatory, competitive, business, financial, and other risks. For a 
more complete list please contact your sales representative. Investment in the strategy described herein is speculative and there can be no 
assurance that the strategy’s investment objectives will be achieved. Investors must be prepared to bear the risk of a total loss of their investment. 
Unless otherwise specified, the information and opinions presented or contained in this document are provided as of the date noted herein. 
It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect the information contained in this document materially, and MIM shall not 
have any obligation to update, revise, nor affirm. It is not MIM’s intention to provide, and you may not rely on this document as providing, 
a complete or comprehensive analysis of MIM’s investment portfolio, investment strategies, nor investment recommendations. You should 
consult your independent advisors in determining whether such investment or advisory service is appropriate for you in light of your particular 
circumstances and relevant legal requirements. You may not rely on this document as the basis upon which to make an investment decision.  
Quantitative 
Research
Jun Jiang
Fixed Income 
Quantitative Strategist
CS 2.62 (-0.07)
Our Conviction Score declined to 2.62 from 2.69 last month but remains 
moderately bullish. Our global credit view became materially less bearish.
Our U.S. rates positioning remains selective rather than being broadly 
overweight duration. Our U.S. options-adjusted duration is net underweight, 
with a 10-year overweight offset by underweights in the five- and 30-year, 
expressing a preference for the 10-year belly versus the wings.
Signals from the corporate curve have turned more cautious. The two- and 
10-year maturity-slope score fell for both DM and EM, indicating expected 
underperformance in the long-tenor spread. The EM A-B slope also flipped 
negative, favoring higher quality due to greater distress risk, earnings 
revisions and momentum weakness.


[Page 9]
© 2026 MetLife Services and Solutions, LLC
Past performance is not indicative of future results. There can be no assurance that any investment objective will be met. No investment 
strategy or risk management technique can guarantee returns or eliminate risk in any market environment. No representation is being made 
that any investment will or is likely to achieve profits or losses or that significant losses will be avoided. There can be no assurance that 
investments similar to those described in this document will be available in the future and no representation is made that future investments 
managed by MIM will have similar returns to those presented herein. Unless otherwise noted, all information herein has been presented in U.S. 
dollars. Actual returns may increase or decrease due to currency fluctuations. 
MIM often uses benchmarks for the purpose of comparison of results. Benchmarks are used for illustrative purposes only, and any such 
references should not be understood to mean there would necessarily be a correlation between investment returns of any investment and  
any benchmark. 
Any referenced benchmark does not reflect fees and expenses associated with the active management of an investment. MIM may, from time 
to time, show the efficacy of its strategies or communicate general industry views via modeling. Such methods are intended to show only an 
expected range of possible investment outcomes, and should not be viewed as a guide to future performance. There is no assurance that any 
returns can be achieved, that the strategy will be successful or profitable for any investor, or that any industry views will come to pass. Actual 
investors may experience different results.
Information is unaudited unless otherwise indicated, and any information from third-party sources is believed to be reliable, but MIM cannot 
guarantee its accuracy or completeness. All information is sourced from MIM unless otherwise noted.
The securities and any other products or services referenced in this document may not be licensed in all jurisdictions, and unless otherwise 
indicated, no regulator or government authority has reviewed this document, or the merits of the products and services referenced herein. This 
document and the information contained herein has been made available in accordance with the restrictions and/or limitations implemented by 
any applicable laws and regulations. This document is directed at and intended for institutional and qualified investors (as such term is defined 
in each jurisdiction in which the security is marketed). Before acting on any information in this document, prospective investors should inform 
themselves of and observe all applicable laws, rules and regulations of any relevant jurisdictions and obtain independent advice if required.
Where applicable, the Manager may determine to terminate any arrangements made for marketing the Shares in one or more jurisdictions in 
accordance with the AIFM Directive and UCITS Directive respectively, as may be amended from time to time. Investors and potential investors 
can obtain a summary of investor rights and information on access to collective redress mechanisms at www.metlife.com/investments/global/
regulatory-disclosures/investor-rights/.
Last updated 31 July 2026. For additional legal and regulatory disclosures including other cross border information, please refer to www.
metlife.com/investments/global/regulatory-disclosures/global-disclosure-statement/.
09-28 5901377
