[Page 1]
 
The Clarity Act has been dealt a blow as the House appears set to stop work Sept.
17, two weeks earlier than expected. The CFTC is scoffing at CME’s lawsuit on
perpetual contracts, and the SEC is planning to give retail investors more access
to alternative investments.
KEY POINTS
The Clarity Act, already facing an uphill struggle, will have to deal with another
setback. The House’s apparent decision to cut the September session short
essentially guarantees that a bill won’t reach the president’s desk before the
midterm elections. Our odds that the bill becomes law this year are now below
20%.
The SEC has submitted for OMB approval a proposal that would “better
facilitate retail investor exposure to private markets” and “allow investment
advisers to charge performance fees to an expanded set of clients.” That
follows an SEC proposal on crypto custody. And the agency is also taking on
proxy advisory firm ISS.
The CFTC asked a judge to throw out CME’s lawsuit against the agency’s
treatment of perpetuals, saying the exchange has no standing because it
hasn’t demonstrated financial harm from the CFTC’s approval of Kalshi’s
bitcoin perpetuals contract.
CLARITY NOT GETTING HELP
It was always considered a longshot for the Clarity Act to pass Congress before the
October pre-election recess. The Senate is scheduled to hold a procedural vote on the
bill Sept. 15, but  it’s doubtful that the bill will get the required 60 votes. In fact, it’s
not a certainty that the vote will even be held if there doesn’t appear to be sufficient
support.
But now the House is no longer expected to be in session the weeks of Sept. 21 and
September 8, 2026
 
Ian Katz 
ian.katz@capalphadc.com
305-794-7596 
RELATED RESEARCH
Pulte Posts Rattle Housing Credit
Scoring 
September 04, 2026 
Financial Policy Reversals: Likelihood
of Major Change Under a Democratic
President 
September 01, 2026 
Finance Week: Bank Regs; Crypto
Custody; Kalshi; Lisa Cook 
August 31, 2026 
Finance Week: CFTC Next on
Crypto?; Pulte on LLPAs; Ears for
Warsh’s Words 
August 24, 2026 
FINANCIALS
Finance Week: Clarity's Rough
Recess; SEC Moves; CFTC & Perps
Capital Alpha Partners, LLC / 600 Pennsylvania Ave. SE / Suite 220 / Washington, DC 20003 
1 of 4 
 


[Page 2]
Sept. 28, meaning it wouldn’t be around to consider Clarity even in the unlikely event that the Senate passes the
bill. Once Clarity failed to get a vote before the August recess, the mood in Washington around the bill turned
sharply more pessimistic.
There’s technically a chance that the bill could get through Congress during the lame-duck session, but we’re
skeptical. Thorny issues, particularly the ethics provision Democrats want in order to keep the president and his
family out of crypto, haven’t been resolved. We believe that much of Washington is biennially too optimistic about
the lame duck period. We suspect that there will be especially bad blood between the parties in this post-election
period. Accusations of election fraud are highly likely, and that’s not conducive to cutting deals. Right now, Clarity
isn’t close to becoming law, and it doesn’t appear to be getting closer.
For most of this year, our odds of the bill becoming law in 2026 have been in the 40% range. When the Senate
failed to vote before the August recess, we dropped our odds to 25%. Now we would put them at something less
than 20%. We can’t completely rule out the possibility of lawmakers finding a magic formula to pass the bill, but
it’s looking increasingly improbable.
Though impossible to quantify, recent crypto developments might also turn out to be unhelpful to Clarity. For
example, a hacker stole Bitcoins worth $340 million from Liquid Network and then returned most but not all of it.
Meanwhile, crypto proponents are starting a national advertising campaign to support Clarity and to criticize the
banking industry’s opposition to it, Punchbowl News reported Tuesday.
SEC DOING THINGS
The agency last week submitted for OMB sign-off a proposal to make it easier for funds to offer alternative
products to investors. It to some extent would complement the Department of Labor’s proposal to allow
alternative investments including crypto and private equity in 401(k)s. However, the DOL proposal deals with
retirement funds and the SEC’s wouldn’t.
Though we haven’t seen the proposal, based on previous comments from SEC Chairman Paul Atkins and
discussions the SEC has hosted on the subject, we would guess that performance fees and valuation methodology
would be among the chief elements of the proposal. We would also think the proposal would spell out mechanics
around redemptions, and lay out some liquidity guidelines.
Capitol Account pointed out that the SEC has several other proposals awaiting OMB approval. They include a
crypto custody one we mentioned last week, another on proxy solicitation modernization and one on executive
compensation disclosure reform.
In addition, Sen. Bill Hagerty flagged over the weekend that the SEC has filed a subpoena enforcement action in a
Pennsylvania federal court to get proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) to comply with what
the agency called “routine requests from agency examinations staff.”
ALSO FOR YOUR RADAR
The CME’s lawsuit against the CFTC – arguing that perpetual contracts are swaps and not futures – is “much
ado about nothing” and  should be dismissed because the CME doesn’t have standing, according to the
Capital Alpha Partners, LLC / 600 Pennsylvania Ave. SE / Suite 220 / Washington, DC 20003 
2 of 4 
 


[Page 3]
agency. CME sued in June after the CFTC decided to allow Kalshi to list a perpetual contract tied to Bitcoin’s
spot price. Though we find the CFTC’s argument of standing interesting, the bar to dismiss is usually high. We
would be surprised if this legal battle doesn’t continue for months or years.
Capital Alpha Partners, LLC / 600 Pennsylvania Ave. SE / Suite 220 / Washington, DC 20003 
3 of 4 
 


[Page 4]
 
ANALYST CERTIFICATION 
The following analysts hereby certify (1) that their views about any and all of the subject companies and
securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and (2) that no part of their compensation was, is,
or will be directly or indirectly related to the views expressed in this report: Ian Katz.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
This publication is for private circulation and distribution in its entirety; it is provided to you for information
purposes only. This is not an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any
security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Capital Alpha Partners, LLC (“Capital
Alpha”) makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive information, but we do not represent or warrant
that it is accurate or complete. The views in this publication are those of Capital Alpha and are subject to
change without notice. Capital Alpha has no obligation to update its opinions or the information in this
publication. Capital Alpha may provide its services to public and private companies that are referenced in, or
that have a financial interest in the subject matter of, Capital Alpha’s research. Neither Capital Alpha nor any
of its officers, directors, partners, employees, or affiliates accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or
consequential loss arising from any use of this publication or its contents. Analysts may own securities of the
issuers discussed herein. 
© Copyright Capital Alpha Partners, LLC (2026). All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be
reproduced, sold, or redistributed without the prior written permission of Capital Alpha Partners, LLC.
Capital Alpha Partners, LLC / 600 Pennsylvania Ave. SE / Suite 220 / Washington, DC 20003 
4 of 4 
 
