[Page 1]
Macro Picture - Chart Story
IS "THE HOUSE" ON FIRE?
Dario Perkins
14 Sep 2026
Global bond markets are generating headlines again. In the US, they are a test of Warsh/Bessent
“credibility”. In the UK, a vote of “no-confidence” in Burnham. And in the EU, the harbinger of a “new
euro crisis”. These are fun narratives, but the reality is more mundane. Anticipating higher-for-
longer energy prices, markets are now expecting a relatively modest, mid-course correction in
monetary policy.  Pretty unremarkable – although I do have a couple of qualms with current market
pricing.
1/7
OK so I have been causing trouble on social media again. Not content
with ChinaSUVgate over the summer, I posted a nice visual response to
Scott Bessent claiming he was “The House” and that bond investors
shouldn’t bet against him. What did bond investors do? They
immediately bet against him. Bessent isn’t the house – the Fed is the
house. At best, Bessent is one of those servers who plies you with
cheap alcohol in the hope that you will keep gambling.


[Page 2]
2/7
Katie Martin at the FT had a nice take on why the bond market reacted
negatively to Bessent’s claim, and why it was so unimpressed with his
puny buyback scheme. People rarely consider the psychology of
different investor groups, but it is certainly true that bond investors
believe they are smarter than the equity lot. Maybe when it comes to
Scott “3-3-3” Bessent, they just have a better, er, “nonsense” detector.
Over the past 18 months, the Treasury secretary has been all spin and
no delivery. 


[Page 3]
3/7
My burning house tweet was a joke. (Remember when we could joke on
social media without people getting angry?) The house is not on fire.
But it was funny to see Bessent’s hubris go wrong so spectacularly. (I
have a nasty habit of reveling in policymakers’ misfortunes – maybe I
should see someone about that.) Taking a step back, I find myself
agreeing with Stanley Druckenmiller, who’s comments last week
suggested he wasn’t particularly bothered by the current selloff in
bonds. 


[Page 4]
4/7
This is a simple chart. It shows that global yields broke out materially
higher after COVID and have been bouncing around at secularly higher
levels since then. In fact, if you are a fan of technical analysis, you can
spot a slight upward trends in the “lows”. I find this unremarkable
because it is exactly what we said would happen. It is the new bond
regime we wrote about in 2022. In fact, it is the secular move we
predicted way back in 2019 - when it was clear fiscal was taking over
monetary.
5/7
It is helpful to break down US yields into their main components – the
real expected policy path, inflation expectations, and term premia. Real
rates explain most of the latest move. Perhaps they are now a little on
the high side, but I wouldn’t say they are egregiously mispriced. Inflation
expectations have been stable and look fairly valued. It is right to
anticipate inflation a bit >2%. Our longstanding worry is about the term
premium and that hasn’t been a big driver of the latest move.


[Page 5]
6/7
The latest rise in real rates is a common global theme. It is the market
saying – largely in response to the seemingly unresolvable conflict in
the Middle East – that central banks are going to raise rates and keep
them higher for longer. Indeed, the big move since the start of the
conflict have come at the 2-year horizon, which is the market making a
simple bet on the policy path. This is not the work of the bond
vigilantes. Nobody is getting punished for losing credibility. Not yet
anyway…


[Page 6]
7/7
This recent move in yields doesn’t warrant all the headlines. But I still
have two issues with current market pricing. First, term premia remain
relatively low. In an era of negative supply shocks, that is where all the
upside potential still lies (because hedging qualities are eroded).
Second, given fundamentals, the RELATIVE cross-country changes in
yields dont make much sense. If eg the ECB, the RBNZ and the BoC end
up hiking 4-6 times, surely the Fed will have to hike a LOT more than
twice? 


[Page 7]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report
is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not
be reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical,
photocopying, recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable
but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees
or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or
damage arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in
connection with the information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this
report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information
available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express
or implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not
guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its
subsidiaries. The value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this
report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in
exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial
instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial
situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of
investing in any of the types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No.
10232483
