[Page 1]
 
10 September 2026
Fixed Income | Japan
Macro Information
Previewing the September BOJ meeting: rate hike virtually a done deal, but dialog
with the market could prove tricky
Yusuke Matsuo
Senior Market Economist
yusuke.matsuo@mizuho-sc.com
+81 3 6202 8798
The BOJ's next monetary policy meeting is slated for 17–18 September.
Economic and price trends "on track" / BOJ wary of upside inflation risks
The general environment as yet appears conducive to the BOJ giving serious consideration
to a rate hike, with quantitative data on the economy, prices, and wage trends likely to
be viewed as "on track" relative to the baseline scenario laid out in the July Outlook for
Economic Activity and Prices report.
The central bank has meanwhile indicated that greater attention needs to be paid to
three upside risks to inflation—the Middle East situation, AI-related demand, and foreign
exchange rates—now that so-called "underlying" trend inflation looks to be approaching
+2%, with the BOJ's own indicators for the most part putting it within a few tenths of a
percentage point on either side. And concerns are also likely to have been amplified by
evidence of inflation expectations having continued to strengthen.
It would accordingly appear that the BOJ is now contemplating an acceleration in the pace
of its rate hikes.
Now difficult to envisage the Takaichi administration standing in the
way of a rate hike
The government had until recently appeared hostile to the idea of faster policy rate
normalization, but America's cooperation with an end-July yen-buying intervention looks
to have been a game-changer in that regard, with the underlying message seemingly that
any further support for Japan's currency will be conditional on the Takaichi administration
allowing the BOJ to proceed with further rate hikes.
US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent is said to have implied support for BOJ rate hikes
when he met with Governor Kazuo Ueda on the sidelines of a recent G20 meeting, and
then professed in an 8 September speech to have "asymmetric information" and "pretty
good insight into what the Japanese, what the Bank of Japan is going to do, what Japanese
policymakers are going to do".
Against this (apparent) backdrop we find it quite difficult to envisage the BOJ facing serious
obstruction from the Takaichi administration if wishing to proceed with a rate hike.
September hike highly likely barring some unforeseen development
The BOJ's executive team has steered clear of explicitly signaling a September rate hike,
but has meanwhile appeared accepting of current (hawkish) market pricing while also
stressing that each and every meeting should be considered "live" from this point forward.
This document is intended for institutional investors and is not subject to all of the independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research
reports prepared for retail investors. Please refer to pages 4 - 5 of this research report for important disclosure information, analyst certification,
and disclaimer.


[Page 2]
10 September 2026
 
A number of major media agencies had already reported that the BOJ was more likely
than not to hike at the September meeting, but Kyodo went a step further on 8 September
by citing "sources familiar with the matter" to the effect that "The Bank of Japan plans to
raise its policy rate to 1.25 percent from the current 1.0 percent at its policy meeting later
this month".
We accordingly consider it highly likely that the BOJ will indeed hike from 1.00% to 1.25%
on 18 September barring some unforeseen development between now and then.
Dialog with the market liable to prove challenging amid such heightened
sensitivity to BOJ rate hike expectations
The yen had until recently been weakening against the US dollar, causing average short-
term interest rate forecasts to rise as market participants started to price in faster BOJ
hikes towards a higher eventual terminal policy rate level. However, we have since seen
the USD/JPY exchange rate drop back below 153 as these more hawkish expectations
for domestic monetary policy have seemingly started to exert pressure in the opposite
direction, and the bond market too has been appearing increasingly sensitive to exchange
rate movements as well as shifting perceptions vis-à-vis the BOJ's monetary policy
intentions.
USD/JPY levels north of 150 are of course still very much on the high side by historical
standards, and it is accordingly difficult to envisage the BOJ going out of its way to force
a market rethink. Our basic expectation is that Ueda will take a hawkish line in his post-
meeting press conference while carefully explaining the need to proceed with further
rate hikes (even beyond the presumed September move) so as to "adjust the degree of
monetary accommodation". As usual, however, we meanwhile consider it highly unlikely
that he will pre-commit to any specific trajectory for the policy rate.
There is however a risk that such communications could be interpreted as more dovish
than anticipated—with the OIS market already pricing the probability of a September hike
at almost 100% and moreover expecting additional moves every second or third meeting
—and thereby cause the yen to start weakening against the greenback once again. We
say this in part because many market participants currently appear to be hoping for explicit
guidance vis-à-vis both the timing and cadence of future rate hikes.
It is in any case liable to be difficult for the BOJ to stabilize domestic markets entirely of
its own accord given that so much is ultimately likely to depend on the next move made
by the Fed (at least when it comes to alleviating US-side upward pressure on the USD/
JPY exchange rate).
It does however remain unclear just when that next Fed move might be made, and as
such the BOJ will need to keep treading very carefully for the time being—including at the
September meeting—in a bid to prevent its dialog with the market from triggering excessive
price fluctuations.
We are still forecasting a 1.75% terminal rate
The presumed September hike may help to alleviate US pressure to some degree, thereby
making it that much more difficult to forecast what the BOJ's subsequent policy rate
trajectory might look like.
 
Macro Information
2


[Page 3]
10 September 2026
 
That said, hiking in January and June 2027 would perhaps enable the BOJ to slightly
accelerate the pace of its policy rate normalization (to one move every three meetings or
so) while also insisting that it is allowing ample time to assess cumulative impact (with
"just" two hikes for the calendar year as in 2024 and 2025). The need for further hikes
should then diminish if we are correct in our expectation that core CPI inflation (excluding
not only fresh food but also "institutional factors") is likely to peak out in the second half
of next year or later. And it also bears noting that the hurdle to additional hikes could be
higher after the two remaining hawks on the monetary policy board—Hajime Takata and
Naoki Tamura—bid their farewells at the July 2027 meeting.
To summarize, our main scenario is still for the BOJ to proceed with two further 25bp hikes
at the January and June 2027 meetings and then halt its policy rate "normalization" cycle
at 1.75%.
 
Macro Information
3


[Page 4]
10 September 2026
 
Important Disclosure Information
"Mizuho Securities USA LLC (MSUSA) is affiliated with Mizuho Securities and distributes such research reports as third party to US Institutional Investors.
MSUSA does not have the ability to influence Mizuho Securities' analyst coverage and ratings of any subject companies.
This report may not be independent of Mizuho Securities and/or its global securities’ proprietary interests. Mizuho Securities and/or its global securities
trades the securities covered in this report for its own account and on a discretionary basis on behalf of certain clients. Such trading interests may be
contrary to the recommendation(s) offered in this report.
This report was completed and first disseminated at approximately September 10, 2026, 10:30 (Japan Standard Time).
Analyst Certification
The research analyst(s) listed on the cover page of this report certifies(y) that the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the analyst's(s')
personal views about the subject security(ies) and issuer(s) and that no part of his/her/their compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related
to the specific recommendation(s) or views expressed in this research report.
Disclaimer
This report has been prepared by Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. (‘Mizuho Securities’) solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of Mizuho
Securities and/or its affiliates to whom it is distributed. This report is not, and should not be construed as, a recommendation, solicitation or offer to buy
or sell any securities or related financial products. This report has been prepared by Mizuho Securities solely from publicly available information. The
information contained herein is believed to be reliable but has not been independently verified. This report does not purport to contain all the information
that a prospective investor may require to make an investment decision. Mizuho Securities makes no guarantee, representation or warranty and accepts
no responsibility or liability as to the accuracy, completeness or appropriateness of such information. Information contained herein may not be current
due to, among other things, changes in the financial markets or economic environment. Opinions reflected in this report are subject to change without
notice. This report does not constitute, and should not be used as a substitute for, tax, legal or investment advice. The report has been prepared without
regard to the individual financial circumstances, needs or objectives of persons who receive it. The securities and investments related to the securities
discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors. Readers should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and seek the
advice of a financial adviser before making any investment or entering into any transaction in relation to the securities mentioned in this report. Mizuho
Securities and its affiliates are not responsible for assessing the suitability of any investment. Mizuho Securities and its affiliates shall not be liable in any
manner whatsoever for any consequences (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profits and damages) of any
reliance on or usage of this report and accepts no legal responsibility from any investor who directly or indirectly receives this material. The final investment
decision must be made by the investor and the responsibility for the investment must be taken by the investor. Past performance should not be taken as
an indication or guarantee of future performance. Unless otherwise attributed, forecasts of future performance represent analysts’ estimates based on
factors they consider relevant. Actual performance may vary. Consequently, no express or implied warranty can be made regarding future performance.
Any references in this report to Mizuho Financial Group (‘MHFG’) and/or its affiliates are based only on publicly available information. The authors of
this report are prohibited from using any insider information relating to MHFG or any other companies mentioned in the report. As subsidiaries of MHFG,
Mizuho Securities and its affiliates do not, as a matter of firm policy, cover MHFG for investment recommendation purposes. Mizuho Securities and its
affiliates or other companies affiliated with MHFG may deal in securities referred to in this report, or derivatives of such securities or other securities issued
by companies mentioned in this report, for its own account or the accounts of others, enter into transactions contrary to any recommendations contained
herein, and may supply a wide range of financial services to the issuers of such securities and to their affiliates. Mizuho Securities is prohibited under
Article 135 of the Companies Act of Japan from dealing in the shares of MHFG for its own account.
United Kingdom/ Netherlands/ European Economic Area/Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This report is distributed in the United Kingdom
by Mizuho International plc (MHI), 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU. MHI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and is a member of the London Stock Exchange. This report is distributed in the
Netherlands by Mizuho Bank Europe N.V. (MBE), Strawinskylaan 3053, 1077 ZX Amsterdam, the Netherlands. MBE is authorised and regulated by the
Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank, DNB). This report may be distributed in other member states of the European Economic Area by MHI and
MBE. This report is distributed in DIFC by MHI (DIFC Branch). MHI (DIFC Branch) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and is authorized
to provide financial services to Professional Clients and Market Counterparties only as defined by the DFSA rulebook. MHI (DIFC Branch) registered
address is Unit 501, Level 5, The Gate Building, East Wing, Dubai International Financial Centre, Dubai, U.A.E., Tel. +971 4 427 5312. For the avoidance
of doubt this report is not intended for persons who are Retail Clients within the meaning of the FCA’s rules or the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. Details
of organizational and administrative controls for the prevention and avoidance of conflicts of interest can be found at https://www.mizuhogroup.com/emea/
who-we-are/governance.
United States: Mizuho Securities USA LLC, a subsidiary of Mizuho Americas LLC and member of FINRA, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY
10020, USA, contact number +1-212-209-9300, distributes or approves the distribution of this report in the United States and takes responsibility for it.
Periodic updates may be provided on companies/industries based on company specific developments or announcements, market conditions or any other
publicly available information. Any transaction by a US investor resulting from the information contained in this report may be effected only through Mizuho
Securities USA LLC. Interested US investors should contact their Mizuho Securities USA LLC sales representative.
Hong Kong: This report is distributed in Hong Kong by Mizuho Securities Asia Limited (‘MHSA’), 14 - 15/F, K11 Atelier, 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,
Kowloon, Hong Kong, a member of MHFG. MHSA is licensed and regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. This report has been
prepared for “professional investors” as defined in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance. This report has been prepared in accordance with
MHSA’s internal conflict of interest management policies. Details of MHSA’s organizational and administrative controls for the prevention and avoidance
of conflicts of interest are available upon request.
Australia: This report is intended for distribution only to persons who are sophisticated or professional investors for the purposes of section 708 of the
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (‘CA’), or “wholesale clients” for the purpose of section 761G of the CA. It is not intended for or should not be passed
on, directly or indirectly, to other classes of persons/investors in Australia. Both Mizuho Securities Asia Limited (ARBN 603425912) and Mizuho Securities
(Singapore) Pte. Ltd.(ARBN 132105545), which are licensed in their respective jurisdictions, are registered foreign companies in Australia and are each
exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services license under the CA under the Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396.
Singapore: This report is distributed in Singapore by Mizuho Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (“MHSS”), a holder of a capital markets services licence
and an exempt financial adviser regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. MHSS may distribute analyses or reports produced by its affiliates
or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. This report is only intended
for distribution to “institutional investors”, “accredited investors” or “expert investors”, as defined under the Financial Advisers Regulations. Singapore
recipients of this report should contact MHSS at 12 Marina View, #25–02/03, Asia Square Tower 2, Singapore 018961, for any matter arising from, or
in connection with, this report.
 
Macro Information
4


[Page 5]
10 September 2026
 
Japan: This report is distributed in Japan by Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd., a member of MHFG, Otemachi First Square, 5-1 Otemachi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku,
Tokyo 100-0004, Japan. Mizuho Securities is solely responsible for the distribution of this report to non-professional investors and retail clients in Japan in
accordance with applicable Japanese regulations. This report is not intended to be distributed to non-professional investors or retail clients outside of Japan.
Mizuho Securities charges predetermined commissions for the various financial products we offer our clients for investment purposes. In the case of bonds,
we will only charge the purchase price. Mizuho Securities charges a commission on domestic equity transactions up to a maximum of 1.155% of the
contract amount, tax included. The minimum commission is JPY2,750, tax included. (If the value of the contract amount is less than JPY2,750 at the time
of sale, we charge a brokerage commission of 99.0% of the contract amount, tax included.) These commissions are based on a tax rate of 10%. If the
consumption tax rate changes, the new tax rate shall be applied from the date of the change.
© All Rights Reserved 2026. This document may not be altered, reproduced, redistributed, or passed on to any other party, in whole or in part, without
the prior written consent of Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.
The value of financial products may go down or up as prices fluctuate. Owners of financial products may suffer losses
on the original value of their purchases.
 
Fixed Income Research Department
Registered Financial Instruments Firm, No. 94 (Kinsho), issued by the Director, Kanto
Local Finance Bureau
Otemachi First Square 1-5-1
Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-0004
Memberships: the Japan Securities Dealers Association; Investment Management
Association of Japan; the Financial Futures Association of Japan; the Type II Financial
Instruments Firms Association; and the Japan Security Token Offering Association
