[Page 1]
 
Trump's Navy Secretary Wasn't Supposed To Say 
That 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 11, 2026 - 03:20 AM 
Acting Navy Secretary Hung Cao has made a surprise and stunning admission regarding recent 
and current US military capabilities in Bahrain and the Gulf region amid the stalemated Iran war.  
He issued an extremely negative and dire assessment of the situation in remarks given to 
Epoch Times Pentagon correspondent Ryan Morgan. Cao's words are surprising given that the 
Department of War under Pete Hegseth has seemed to try and do everything possible to 
conceal, censor, and downplay the true extent of damage to American bases and assets in the 
Gulf and Mideast region. 
 
5th Fleet HQ taken just before the start of the Iran war - Planet Labs PBC/AP 
After all, it was only last week that Secretary of the Army Dan Driscoll announced his departure 
from his top post after frequently clashing with Hegseth, also as Trump's Secretary of War has 
gone on a firing and reshuffling spree of top generals and admirals, which a has proven deeply 
controversial. 


[Page 2]
 
What's more is that a polygraph regimen has returned to the Pentagon amid concerns that 
'leakers' are making Trump and Hegseth's decision-making on Iran look bad. Might the Navy 
Secretary's own provocative comments (below) attract Hegseth's ire? 
While the remarks have yet to be widely published, here's what he said: 
In an exclusive interview, Acting Navy Secretary Hung Cao told me that Iranian forces "blew the 
hell out of Bahrain."  
While open-source analyses have long indicated that the U.S. Fifth Fleet Headquarters at Naval 
Support Activity Bahrain sustained extensive damage in the early days of the Iran conflict, Cao's 
comment represents a direct and high-level acknowledgment of the matter. 
Such a candid admission has never been disclosed before by such a top level admin official, 
after speculation has long raged over the true status of the US Naval Support Activity (NSA) 
station in Manama, Bahrain. 
For example, a recent Military Times report issued only late last month indicated how 
information has only emerged in very belated and piecemeal fashion, after being suppressed. 
"The more we learn about the attacks on the U.S. Naval Support Activity (NSA) in Manama, 
Bahrain, during the opening days of Operation Epic Fury, the clearer it becomes why the news 
of its near destruction was not initially reported or acknowledged," the report said. 
The "near destruction" designation appears to be correct or possibly even understated, given 
Acting Navy Secretary Cao is now confirming the base was utterly ruined by Iran's early ballistic 
missile response to Operation Epic Fury. 
‘The Iranians blew the hell out of Bahrain. There is no place for the U.S. Navy to dock. We have 
a task force looking at whether to abandon the facility [NSA Bahrain].’ 
 


[Page 3]
 
Acting Navy Secretary Hung Cao, file image 
The Epoch Times' Morgan writes further of his interview with the Navy chief: 
This comment came up as Cao and I discussed a range of issues the Department of the Navy 
faces and how he's addressing them. President Donald Trump recently nominated Cao to serve 
as the full-time Secretary of the Navy. Cao awaits consideration before the Senate.  
As I asked about the USS Abraham Lincoln's recent deployment, overall fleet operational 
tempo, and the logistical support it takes to sustain high-intensity operations, Cao 
acknowledged damage to NSA Bahrain left the Lincoln's crew "no place for them to pull in." 
Commenting on the interview, Fox News' own Pentagon correspondent Jennifer Griffin has on 
Thursday underscored in light of Cao's "blew the hell out of Bahrain" statement.. "Haven’t heard 
a senior US official admit this on the record until now." 
Acting Navy Secretary Hung Cao confirmed Iran "blew the hell out of" NSA Bahrain — the Fifth 
Fleet's home base — in strikes starting February 28.​
​
Damage to HQ, barracks, and infrastructure is estimated at $400 million +.​
​
The base is unusable "anytime soon."​
​
Operations… pic.twitter.com/vIaggSxito 
— Clash Report (@clashreport) September 10, 2026 
One unnamed former national security insider has offered the following, presented exclusively 
by ZeroHedge... 
"Bahrain NSA was critical to keeping carriers on station because it provided nearby supplies 
and you can't put the carriers in at ports within missile range of Iran as they will become sitting 
ducks (and sabotage targets). Bahrain NSA was a soft target (I've been there), and questions 
should be raised about why it wasn't hardened if we were going to use military force against 
Iran. Iran could not destroy a carrier so it did the next best thing and destroyed its logistics." 
 
 
 
