[Page 1]
 
Bond Selloff Is Nothing More Than Central Banks 
Doing Their Job 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 11, 2026 - 05:20 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
The recent leg of the selloff in global bonds has been driven primarily by central banks 
responding to heightened inflation risks, and is not a repudiation of government debt due to 
fiscal risks. 
It’s easy to jump to conclusions when you see bond yields on the march higher again almost 
everywhere. 
However, this leg of the global bond selloff, beginning in June, is not in the main a fiscal story. 
Most watched are of course Treasury yields, especially today with the latest inflation data, but 
leading indicators anticipate a temporary lull in price pressures in the coming months. 
That should take some pressure off yields as the 10-year rises to within touching distance of 
5%, reaching 4.97% today. But DM yields on average have been climbing at the same rate as in 
the US since June. 
 


[Page 2]
 
We’d expect the yield curve to notably steepen if bond holders were trying their hand at a spot 
of vigilantism, but that is not what we have seen. The chart below shows the mean 10-year yield 
versus the mean policy rate for DM countries. It is net unchanged since the start of June. 
 
Instead, the bulk of the rise in yields has been driven by global central banks responding to 
higher energy costs. 
The real policy rate had slipped into negative territory around April as inflation kicked in.  
Central banks have attempted to fulfil their remit by lifting the average real policy rate back into 
the positive zone. 
 


[Page 3]
 
DM term premium has risen too, but it is central banks responding to inflation risks that has 
been the main driver of the rise in bond yields. 
Even in the UK, since the new PM Andy Burnham – who is no fan of bond markets, saying he 
would not be in hock to them – entered office, almost all of the rise in longer-term gilt yields has 
been about a higher expected policy rate, and not term premium. 
Only in France is the rise in yields about fiscal concerns, as the country grapples to find an 
agreement for its next budget. 
Fiscal risks are still very real everywhere, however. 
The US and most other DM countries are still running inappropriately large fiscal deficits and 
carry very large debt loads. 
There will be a reckoning at some point if polities do not get their economic houses in order, and 
bond holders reject the debt of sovereigns en masse. But the recent leg up in yields has not 
primarily been about that. 
 
 
 
