[Page 1]
 
Big-Tech Bid, Banks Battered As Agentic Anxiety 
Spreads; Oil Drops, Everything Else Flops 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 23, 2026 - 11:15 AM 
Tl;dr: Agentic anticipation (and anxiety) was behind today's main story: dispersion as big-tech 
(beneficiaries) was bid again while banks (disrupted) were battered. Nasdaq was the big gainer 
(new record high), The Dow the biggest loser and the S&P flat (as high-low shifts were 
ominous). Away from stocks, gold, crypto, and bonds basically flat with dollar up as Trump 
triggered some late-day vol (oil down, stocks up, yields down) on Iran talks optimism, diesel ban 
banter. 
 
Up until the last hour of the day, the main focus of the day was stocks, and then Trump's team 
came out of Iran talks and changed the day's lead... 


[Page 2]
 
Energy 
Brent crude futures tumbled overnight, as much as 4% breaking back below the $100 Maginot 
Line after Reuters and Kyodo reported that Iran offered to reopen the Strait of Hormuz within 
one week if the Trump administration begins easing naval pressure in the critical waterway and 
ends its blockade of Iranian ports.  
BUT then... prices jumped higher after Fars news agency denied all that bullshit, calling their 
reports "invalid and incorrect." 
BUT then... oil prices dipped again on reports that The kingdom was in the early stages of 
starting up the East-West oil pipeline that was halted following drone attacks earlier this month. 
The country is aiming to restore exports via the line later this week, offering some relief to a 
market that’s been extra short of supply over the last few weeks. 
“The elevated flows through the Strait point to a loss of Iranian leverage, which suggests they 
could be more open to making a deal than previously, but it also increases the probability of 
escalation in an attempt to reassert control,” said Ryan McKay, senior commodity strategist at 
TD Securities. 
However, while millions of barrels a day are crossing Hormuz (according to Trump), flows 
remain below pre-war levels and that small dip on Saudi hopes faded fast. 
AND then... Crude bounced further off the overnight lows as Trump's UN speech delivered 
slightly less of the diplomatic progress the market may have been positioned for. 
AND finally... oil tanked to the lows of the day following three hours of talks in New York, Trump 
said his team "had a very good meeting" with Iran, adding that he "felt very good" about a deal. 
BUT wait... we weren't done yet. Prices bounced again into the 'close' as that initial optimism 
faded and reality set in that realistically NOTHING happened and everyone remembered that 
Trump - just a few hours ago - said that he does not expect a deal until after the Midterms... 
AND then... seriously... prices plunged to the lows of the day as these HLs hit: TRUMP: LOT OF 
MOMENTUM FOR IRAN TO MAKE A DEAL, THINK IRAN WILL DO SOMETHING GOOD, 
FACILITATING THE RENEWED FLOW OF OIL IN STRAIT OF HORMUZ 
Mission accomplished Mr. Trump - WTI down 3.5%... 


[Page 3]
 
 
What a fucking shitshow. 
If you got this far, well done... 
However, perhaps more interesting than all that malarkey, President Trump said he’s 
encouraged his advisers to approve a ban on diesel exports, as the price of the fuel skyrockets 
amid pressure from the wars in Iran and Ukraine. 
“I’ve said let’s not send out the diesel,” Trump said Tuesday when asked about members of 
Congress who are calling to suspend exports.  
“I’ve called for it within my people. I’ve been talking about it.” 
Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said that officials are “examining whether it’s feasible in terms 
of the overall refining capacity and whether a full or partial ban would work.” 
These comments hit at the same time and Trump's optimism over talks (dragging down crude) 
and so, given his obvious despite to talk down oil prices no matter what, we would take it with a 
pinch of salt. 
Diesel prices did dip very very modestly today... 


[Page 4]
 
 
We will conclude the energy section with some more optimism from Goldman's Rich Privorotsky, 
who noted, "talks remain alive and nothing is getting blown up for the moment, but there is still 
no confirmed breakthrough." 
"I'm still cautiously optimistic that the incentives ultimately point toward some diplomatic 
solution.  
Stakes are enormous and economically everyone should want a deal. The uncertainty is how 
hard line the Iranian position remains and what both sides need in order to declare victory." 
Oh, one more thing that caught our attention from WSJ's Nick Timiraos:  
Roughly 200 days after the US and Israel attacked Iran, oil is $25 above its preinvasion price. At 
this point following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the shock had reversed, with prices $7 below 
their preinvasion price 


[Page 5]
 
 
For now, lower oil on the day lifted stocks late on... 
Stocks 
"Total fucking FOMO farce.." was the impolite version one veteran trader shared with us after 
yesterday's market moves and that fit with Goldman's one-delta desk, who noted "yesterday felt 
like a proper FOMO day." 
Today saw vols actually dip a little as Nasdaq hit new highs (but barely so)... 


[Page 6]
 
 
SpotGamma did a nice job of putting the 'spot-up, vol-up' scale of yesterday's market into 
context... This is all data going back to 2020... 
 
But, as we noted up top, index dispersion is the story today NDX making new record highs on 
the back AI strength while the DOW dropped, dragged lower by Financials. RTY ripped on 


[Page 7]
 
another short-squeeze while SPX ended unch as late-day profit-taking spoiled Trump's 
oil-driven gains... 
 
Agentic AI was still the focus and while tech did rally overall, today was a little more about the 
disruptions than the eruptions with negative AI spillover into the financials (as per GS: Fins, 
Insurance, consumer-touch-points (personal insurance, wealth, anything subscriptions based). 
In Fins specially, Agentic at risk // Fed hikes + flatter curve // Dem sweep in focus, but AGENTS 
are driving all conversations today)...  


[Page 8]
 
 
Double-whammy for financials with the curve flatter from The Fed and now Agentic 
antagonism... 
 
AI continues to trump Ex-AI for now, with the 4th day of sizable outperformance... 


[Page 9]
 
 
But, as Goldman's Privorotsky concluded, this still feels much more nuanced than buy 
everything AI.  
Inference is not exactly the same trade as frontier training. Maybe the next leg isn't simply a 
handful of labs spending trillions building ever larger clusters. Maybe it's billions of dispersed 
agents, that doesn't kill the frontier trade. it broadens what AI infrastructure demand looks like. 
We did see Anthropic and OpenAI both release new (cheaper) frontier models (just a day after 
SpacexAI) - so much for the 'pause'. 
Optical Networking was a laggard today while Agentic AI, Software, & Neoclouds 
outperformed... 


[Page 10]
 
 
New lows have outpaced new lows for six straight days... 
 
Perhaps of most interest in equity-land, overall activity levels remain subdued with Goldman's 
trading desk at 3 out of 10. BUT... both long-onlys and hedgies were better sellers today 
●​ LOs are -10% better for sale led by macro products and Semis 
●​ HFs are -8% better for sale with a noticeable increase in software shorts today.  


[Page 11]
 
Is retail being left with the bag again? 
Rates 
Early bid in Treasuries slowly unwound over late US morning and into the afternoon session as 
oil recovered from its lows of the day, while a 2-year note auction and congested dollar issuance 
slate added to downside pressure on Treasuries...  
By the close, yields were flat... 
 
Rate-hike odds went nowhere today. 
This remains the weird bit, according to Goldman's Privorotsky. 
Inflation expectations came down with energy, yet the market still wants a lot of real rate 
compensation at the front/belly.  
Maybe that is simply a reflection of an incredibly strong nominal growth backdrop.  
Story would be cleaner if Russell/cyclicals were confirming harder.  
Maybe some of it is supply. Treasury issuance plus hyperscaler funding increasingly hits the 
front and belly rather than duration. 
If front end and belly rates genuinely start diverging from falling energy, that becomes a bigger 
problem. 
The market would effectively be saying the economy is running too hot regardless of oil. 


[Page 12]
 
Talking of issuance, hyperscaler credit worsened again today (and hyperscaler stocks followed 
this time)... 
 
That is four days in a row of wider risk in credit land. 
Everything Else... 
The dollar was volatile, pumping.. and dumping... and pumping to end at its highest since early 
August... 


[Page 13]
 
 
Bloomberg's Tatiane Darie noted that while some market observers argue a more hawkish Fed 
path is baked into the dollar, evidence from a medium-term gauge of Fed expectations signal 
otherwise. 
Regression analysis would pin the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index’s fair value around 1,268, or 
about 5% above its current level, based on the 1y1y forward OIS rate alone. Yet over the past 
year, the greenback appears to have stopped taking cues from rate expectations so closely, with 
policy risks getting in the way. 


[Page 14]
 
 
This disconnect between BBDXY and the fair-value mode signals there’s room for the gap to 
narrow (BBDXY higher). 
Despite the dollar strength, gold ended higher, rallying strongly as the afternoon worse on... 
 
After a billion-dollar ETF inflow yesterday... 


[Page 15]
 
 
...Bitcoin was down modestly after tagging $87,000 highs overnight... 
 
Glassnode noted that bitcoin has flashed the momentum signal that started the last two bull 
markets. 
MVRV has crossed back above its 365-day average.  


[Page 16]
 
 
This is the same cross that we saw in 2019 and 2023 at the beginning of each bull market. 
Finally, CNBC was anxiously pointing out that the last time we saw New Lows surging and New 
Highs tumbling when the S&P rallied over 1% to within 1% of record highs... was December 
1999. 
 
The only other time in history that the above factors occurred... July 1929. 


[Page 17]
 
Probably nothing... 
 
