[Page 1]
 
"Wall Of Worry... Check"; Goldman's One-Delta 
Desk Sees 'Agentic Disruption' Removing 
Unnecessary Economic Friction 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 23, 2026 - 09:30 PM 
"Wall of worry... check. 
Massive AI pivot and rapid acceleration into the back half... check. 
Sentiment and positioning cautious... check. 
Midterms, oil, rates... check, check, check. " 
Goldman Sachs one-delta desk-head, Rich Privorotsky, believes (pro subs can read his full note 
here) we’re sitting on the verge of another breakout in the S&P/Nasdaq but notes that this "still 
feels like the kind of rally people will remain poorly subscribed to because everybody spent 
September explaining why it couldn’t work." 
 


[Page 2]
 
He blames 'seasonality', real rates (which remain high), and recognizes that there is obviously 
still a geopolitical left tail. 
 
And this is literally the worst 'half month' from a seasonal perspective... 
 
However, his optimism is peaked by the potential for 'agentic disruption' (both good and bad) 


[Page 3]
 
"...the bigger picture is that Muse is proof of distribution, not the endpoint… agents are about to 
radically reduce the friction between people, technology and capital and big picture equities are 
the best expression of that." 
Following on from his earlier discussion, Privorotsky dives a little deeper into the 'Inference 
Economy' today... 
I think we’re going to spend the next few weeks and months realizing that Muse is only the first 
of many entrants that will radically change individual and corporate productivity, and ultimately 
how we communicate and transact.  
AI super users have had versions of this capability for a while, but it was technically complex, 
required constant maintenance and frankly wasn’t something the average person could use out 
of the box.  
Now the proliferation should be enormous.  
As large corporates underwrite the safety, infrastructure and distribution, a lot of friction and rent 
seeking can disappear from the economy.  
That itself is a productivity boost… capital gets redeployed into more useful places and some of 
the unnecessary friction that gunks up the gears of economic growth disappears.  
The relative winners and losers will take months/years to sort out, but I remain pretty adamant 
that the aggregate effect is positive for the equity complex and structurally disinflationary.  
For now the inference economy is expressing itself most violently through the CPU chain, but I 
suspect the market eventually becomes less discerning.  
The same old AI CapEx complex probably works as well, just with less beta, while the 
productivity dividend spreads much more broadly. 
Tech bid, semis bid... 
Privorotsky concludes that the agentic revolution is here, and the market is beginning to 
anticipate a pretty massive shift. 


[Page 4]
 
 
As written yesterday, the second derivatives are starting to appear as well... 
Financials were notably weak even as tech pushed higher... 
 
TSMC is sitting right at the highs and looks ready to break out... the mothership of global 
hardware is telling you something. 
Professional subscribers can read Privorotsky's full note here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal 
