[Page 1]
 
Fed & Treasury Concordance Is Getting A Pass 
From Market 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 23, 2026 - 05:40 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Rates are tightening towards the neutral rate and liquidity in the Treasury market has stabilised, 
indicating that buybacks and the Federal Reserve’s rate hike are working. 
The ink may not be quite dry, but so far the market has given a tentative nod to the Treasury’s 
enhanced buybacks, and to the Fed’s first rate hike in over three years. 
A cursory look at longer-term yields wouldn’t tell you that, but they are only part of the story.  
The 10-year yield is about 25 bps higher since the Treasury Secretary announced it would add 
to its long-dated debt buybacks. 
On a first-order basis, that does not reduce the Treasury’s ballooning interest bill. However, 
sometimes it’s necessary to take a little upfront pain for a later gain.  
Since the buyback announcement, term premium (based on a yield-curve derived measure) has 
fallen, a trend that has continued after the Fed’s rate hike last week. 


[Page 2]
 
 
So, yes, yields are higher, but they appear to be so in a way that means they are less likely to 
keep rising even after the Fed has removed its tightening bias or, worse, such that they could 
even keep climbing when the Fed was cutting, as happened in the late 1970s and early 1980s. 
That is because the Fed under Kevin Warsh, so far, looks like it’s going to have a valiant stab at 
containing inflation.We can see that by looking at the progress the terminal rate – the highest 
implied SOFR yield from the strip of futures – has made in catching up to the 1-month OIS rate 
10-years’ forward, ie the market’s best estimate of neutral. 


[Page 3]
 
 
Based on the Laubach-Williams estimate of neutral (not real time or tradeable, unlike the OIS 
rate), the Fed is already expected to get to neutral. 
Either way, the market believes the Fed should make real progress in getting inflation down. 
That, combined with Treasury’s efforts to improve liquidity through its expanded buybacks, has 
been enough to reverse the rise in term premium seen earlier in the summer, which indicated 
that Treasury liquidity was likely deteriorating. 
No doubt risks remain. The basis trade remains a potential vulnerability if hedge funds continue 
to pull back from it, and the Fed will likely have to tighten rates more than is currently priced if it 
durably wants to vanquish inflation. 
But thus far the market is giving a cautious pass to the concordant actions of the central bank 
and exchequer. 
 
 
 
