[Page 1]
 
Macro Volatility Convergence Points To Rates Vol 
Moving Higher 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 23, 2026 - 01:20 PM 
Authored by Frank Monkam, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
The often-cited correlation between Brent and 10-year yields is at cycle highs, but the volatility 
market is sending a less-uniform signal about the macro backdrop. 
The Brent-Treasury vol gap sits at 2-sigma wide, a divergence that will be challenged by 
elevated oil prices, forcing a reprice higher in rates vol. 
Brent three-month implied volatility sits roughly 1 standard deviation above its five-year norm, 
while Treasury futures 3-month vol is 1-standard deviation below, leaving a more than 2-sigma 
cross-asset vol gap on a five-year lookback, as seen in the chart below. 
 
Part of this divergence makes sense.  


[Page 2]
 
Rates are financial assets and therefore far more directly exposed to the potency of policy 
intervention, whether through Fed communication, liquidity operations or Treasury 
market-management tools, which could suppress volatility even as uncertainty remains. 
Should energy -- and more specifically, oil -- remain the dominant inflation impulse, it’s unlikely 
this gap will persist indefinitely. 
The lower panel of the chart above suggests that convergence may already be underway as the 
Brent-Treasury vol gap has been compressing since its mid-2026 extremes, even as it remains 
historically wide. 
The signal is also visible beneath the surface: Rolling beta between Brent and Treasury yields 
has rebounded sharply from its recent lows, suggesting the two vol complexes are beginning to 
re-couple even as, similarly, their absolute gap remains wide compared to history. (See chart 
below.) 
 
The transmission mechanism of oil volatility spilling over into rates can extend through two 
channels: 
1.​ a lingering energy shock could force markets toward a more hawkish policy path, 
renewing pressure on duration; 
2.​ alternatively, sufficiently elevated energy prices could weigh on growth and ultimately 
trigger a Treasury rally. 
Either path widens the distribution of potential rates outcomes and argues for higher rates vol. 
 
