 
BofA Securities does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research 
reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
Refer to important disclosures on page 3 to 4.  
 
 
 
U.S. Business and Information Services 
Bi-merge returns to center; Reassessing 
the risks for FICO, EFX and TRU 
Industry Overview 
   
 
 
Another push toward lower borrower costs 
Recent media reports indicate the FHFA plans to direct Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to 
transition from the current tri-merge framework to a bi-merge framework, requiring 
lenders to pull credit data from two bureaus rather than three. The announcement could 
come as soon as Oct. 12 and reportedly take effect within one to three months 
thereafter. The latest developments suggest bi-merge could be implemented as 
regulators continue to focus on competition, mortgage affordability and lowering 
borrower costs. As with prior discussions, however, important questions remain around 
lender adoption, possible gaming, operational implementation and implications for risk 
measurement within the secondary mortgage market.  
Bi-merge could amplify an already gamey situation 
The move from the current tri-merge model (credit files for all three bureaus are used to 
underwrite a mortgage) to a bi-merge model (only two credit files are used) has obvious 
and high-level risks to mortgage-based revenue streams for the credit bureaus and FICO 
(see next paragraphs for exposure) including the potential loss of volumes and in theory, 
price competition. However, there are several important considerations that could limit 
or prolong adoption, particularly in the non-confirming market that is not directly 
covered by the FHFA decision. Lenders may continue to value the completeness of tri-
merge given data gaps between each credit file, for example. Perhaps more importantly, 
while we don’t know the mechanism on how Scores would be selected, bi-merge could 
amplify risks around score inflation and gaming, following the approval of VantageScore, 
if lenders are permitted to select the credit files and Scores that leads to the highest 
credit scores for a loan. Analysis by BofA Global Research MBS Strategists suggest this 
could be possible (see ex. 29 in the 7/19/24 Agency MBS Weekly). In term, this could 
increase credit risk which would negatively impact the pricing and absorption of these 
loans in the secondary mortgage market.       
Direct bi-merge exposure is low for both EFX/TRU 
For EFX, total mortgage revs are ~20% of total but after adjusting for revenues related 
to TWN at 10% (income verification revs, we see low risk of loss), no/low margin FICO 
royalty/reseller sales and pre-qualification, we estimate direct bi-merge exposure is 
closer to 3-4% for revenues and 10% for earnings (implying 3% max loss under bi-
merge). For TRU, we estimate similar revenue exposure at 5% (vs. ~14% for total 
mortgage) and 12% for earnings (implying 4% max loss under bi-merge). For EFX and 
TRU, offsets to possible, partial bi-merge share loss include bundling of the TWN in 
credit files for EFX and expanded alternative data (given strong positioning with 
Fintechs) for TRU. We see relatively limited direct pricing risk to EFX/TRU revenues 
limited bi-merge exposure and avenues to price to value by adding more data.       
DLP arrives at a fortuitous time 
While mortgage-related revenues account for roughly 40% of FICO sales, this likely 
overstates direct exposure to a potential bi-merge mandate as mortgage revenues also 
include pre-qual activity, HELOCs and other products not directly tied to conforming 
mortgage credit-file pulls. Continued on next page.  
01 October 2026   
Equity 
United States 
Business & Information Services 
Curtis Nagle, CFA 
Research Analyst 
BofAS 
+1 646 855 2939 
c.nagle@bofa.com 
Ryan Rivera 
Research Analyst 
BofAS 
ryan.rivera4@bofa.com 
FHFA: Federal Housing Finance 
Agency 
VS4.0: VantageScore 4.0 
GSE: Government sponsored 
enterprise 
HELOC: Home equity line of credit 
MBS: Mortgage backed security  
FICO: FICO 
EFX: Equifax 
TRU: Transunion 
TWN: The Work Number 
Accessible version 

 
 
2 
U.S. Business and Information Services | 01 October 2026 
 
 
 
Additionally, FHFA oversight primarily applies to the conforming market, which accounts 
for roughly 40-50% of total mortgage originations. As such, a mandatory bi-merge 
requirement would impact only a subset of FICO's mortgage business (perhaps less than 
-20% for revs and 26% for earnings at max exposure), particularly if the broader non-
conforming market continues utilizing existing frameworks. Importantly, we think 
yesterday's approval of FICO's Direct Licensing Program (DLP) comes at a fortuitous 
time (see our DLP note here). DLP introduces a performance-fee framework tied to loan 
closing rather than relying exclusively on upfront per-score economics. The program is 
also structured to accommodate a possible shift of monetization away from fees per the 
number of credit files and score pulls (which would be impacted by bi-merge) toward a 
higher-value fee per funded loan, potentially mitigating some of the revenue impact 
associated with moving from three credit files to two. We also see an interesting 
readthrough for this week's LLPA grid revision. While investor focus has centered on 
score-level gaming following the rollout of VS4.0, a bi-merge framework could extend 
optimization to the credit-file level, allowing lenders to potentially select both the most 
favorable credit file and score combination 
     
