Three years of our European Conviction List. Against a volatile market backdrop, 
we reflected on lessons learned, which themes to watch (with a heavy dose of macro 
as you would expect) and made some changes to our list (below). One lesson which 
continues to stand out is that earnings drive stocks (for the most part). 62% of our CL 
names saw positive earnings revisions over the trailing 12 months, a reminder to 
focus on the fundamentals (earnings).  
Fresh ideas. We added Solaria (dislocated valuation with regulatory concerns 
overdone and data center optionality), Straumann (inflecting growth and near 
decade-low valuation provides a compelling entry point), Scout24 (new products 
provide upside to private subscriber growth and capital returns optionality) and 
IMCD (turning point for volumes and pricing should be stickier than expected) while 
removing Naturgy, Norsk Hydro, and Smith & Nephew. 
Read the full report here with the additional anniversary sections as well as 
refereshed write-ups for all ideas on the list as well as the new ideas below. If 
you prefer to listen: CL podcast here. 
Capex Tracker booming but narrow. Daniela Costa’s proprietary tracker has seen 
4.6pp revisions upwards for 2026 since the last update in May, pointing to robust 
demand from data centers and semis despite all the concerns around data center 
delays. Worth noting that the tracker concentration continues to grow; c.40% of 
total capex in 2026E is DC, Semis and Utils and by 2029E this is 50%+. Daniela has a 
robust toolkit which is well worth following, you can listen to our ‘Back to Basics’ 
with her where we run through her toolkit, here (includes links to sign up to 
updates).  
GS Research from the week 
 
 
We filter this week’s research through the merchandising lens to highlight actionable 
ideas and pull out some themes / key messages which we think are important - click 
into the reports for more!   
Conviction Lists 
Sahar Islam 
+44(20)7051-4935 | 
sahar.islam@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
2 October 2026 | 8:59PM BST
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
CONNECTING THE DOTS 
Three years of the Conviction List and booming capex plus key research
 
 

European Conviction List - 3yr Edition - Lessons learned (earnings continue to drive 
stocks for the most part, waiting too long isn’t worth it), six key themes we are watching 
closely and adding Solaria, Straumann, Scout24 and IMCD while removing Naturgy, 
Norsk Hydro and Smith & Nephew. (Jessica Binder Graham & Sahar Islam) Podcast 
version here. 
US Conviction List - Adding Amazon, Burlington Stores, Huntington Ingalls, Johnson 
Controls, and Occidental Petroleum, while removing Air Products and Chemicals, 
ConocoPhillips, Golar LNG, Loar Holdings, and Tyson Foods.  
Rates 
GOAL - Clearest path to equity upside from here remains rates relief / Options on 
Rate-Sensitive Equities offer an attractive hedge in a rate-relief scenario (Christian 
Mueller-Glissmann and Andrea Ferrario) 
Fed - Push back Oct hike to Dec and strong chance additional hikes unlikely post lower 
core PCE (Jan Hatzius) 
European Banks - Higher rates drive sustained upside to majority of consensus but be 
selective – preferred “rate sensitive” names are in Italy, Greece, Ireland and the 
Netherlands (Chris Hallam) 
Credit - Last few sessions have shown weakness, y/e target risks are towards widening / 
more vol, EUR credit focus on French fiscal risk (Amanda Lynam) 
AI / Data Centres 
Entering the Agentic AI Era for the Commerce Landscape - Replay with wider team on 
the deep dive. 
Telcos & Agentic AI - Framework, expect FCF impact to be more limited given offsetting 
cost savings and underlying pricing power, remain bullish (Andrew Lee) 
Payments and Fintech - Investor feedback on Agentic Commerce deep dive - expect 
the vast majority of agentic transactions to ride on network tokenization services (Will 
Nance) 
Micron - Strong Q and guidance, with new customer agreements and increased CapEx 
to support supply additions (James Schnieder) 
ABB (ABBN.S) - Takeaways on new 800VDC product portfolio (Infinitus first source to 
rack product portf), capex for DC should go down (lower copper) but electrical 
equipment broadly stable, Neutral (Daniela Costa) 
Dassault (DAST.PA) - CFO US roadshow feedback, AI roadmap emerging, with a rollout 
of plan for 3DX Agentic companions/roles and a pathway for monetisation, Neutral 
(Mohammed Moawalla) 
Technoprobe (TPRO.MI) - Updating estimates to reflect stronger AI demand and 
capacity scale-up; Buy (Alexander Duval) 
Previews 
See all European earnings previews here. 
2 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

Consumer 
Puig (PUIGb.MC) - CMD 28 Oct, expect more on margin upside potential and mid-single 
digit MT org sales, for 14x CY27 P/E cheapest name in our beauty coverage, Buy on CL 
(Aron Adamski) 
Nestle (NESN.S) - Momentum set to improve in Q3 driven by US Pet and Europe, GSe 
3.4% vs consensus +3.2% 3Q OSQ, Buy (Olivier Nicolaï) 
Carlsberg (CARLb.CO) - Another steady Q3 ahead despite China weakness, Buy (Olivier 
Nicolaï) 
CCH (CCH.L) - Beat incoming, GSe +9.3% org sales growth vs consensus +7.9%, Not 
Rated (Aron Adamski) 
TMICC (MICCT.AS) - Expect momentum to continue despite tougher comps, GSe +3.5% 
org sales vs 3.7% consensus, Sell on low visibility on cash generation, leverage and 
margin expansions (Sam Darbyshire) 
Beiersdorf (BEIG.DE) - Nivea to remain under pressure from competition and a 
subdued market backdrop, Neutral (Olivier Nicolaï) 
Commodities & Industrials  
Trelleborg (TRELb.ST) - Pre close, thesis intact; Q3 softness looks like phasing, not 
deterioration, Buy on CL (Ope Otaniyi) 
Total (TTEF.PA) - Capex upper limit increased and visibility extended by 2y, one of the 
biggest project capex increases given plans for major production growth beyond 2030 / 
Step ups in capex positive for CL TGS (Michele Della Vigna) 
Renewables - New pockets of demand starting to emerge, Buy Nordex where TTM 
order intake is +60%ys 3yr ago, results 30 Oct (Ajay Patel) 
ABB (ABBN.S) - Slightly decrease our FY26/27 adj. EBITA numbers (process industries 
weakness) but 2%/4% above VA consensus, Neutral (Daniela Costa) 
OCTG - Near term risk from ME disruption but US OCTG pricing strength and deepwater 
should drive 27/28, Buy Vallourec (Neutral Tenaris) (Yulia Bocharnikova) 
BSTL 
IMCD (IMCD.AS) - Expect strength in GP/profits to continue, manufacturing PMIs mark 
key turning point on volumes (weak 2023-25), Buy on CL (Suhasini Varanasi) 
Sika Preview (SIKA.S) - Post investor day, GSe 3Q OSG +5.1% inline with consensus with 
sequential pricing and positive group volumes continuing, Buy on CL (Ben Rada Martin) 
IHG (IHG.L) - Raise RevPAR again, US outperform and resilient ME (partially offset by 
China), FY26E RevPAR c50bps ahead of consensus with upside risks, Buy on CL (Ben 
Andrews) 
Construction - Data points to stable trends (versus consensus volume optimism), plus 
higher input costs mean cut numbers for Heilberg and Buzzi, more minor Holcim (geog 
mix and cost actions) (Ben Rada Martin) 
2 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

Adecco (ADEN.S) - Moderation in organic growth (GSe 3.7% versus consensus 4.4% and 
5.6% in 2Q) on tougher comps, underlying cyclical recovery fine, Buy (Suhasini Varanasi) 
Maersk (MAERSKb.CO) - Separating the cyclical from the structural, likely to beat top 
end of guidance this year, significant upside risk to 2027 consensus, Neutral (Patrick 
Creuset) 
Zurich (FHZN.S) - New airport near Delhi opened in June & data well below 
expectations, GSe EBITDA 26-28 1-5% below consensus, long-term value but overhang 
for now, Buy (Patrick Creuset) 
Healthcare 
Argenx (ARGX.BR) - Solid underlying trends; we see L/MSD% upside risk to consensus 
Vyvgart estimate, Buy on CL (Rajan Sharma) 
Straumann  (STMN.S) - Expect sustained momentum in Q3; GSe 8.5% org sales for 3Q, 
30bps below consensus 8.9%, inflecting earnings and near-decade low valuation, Buy on 
CL (Richard Felton) 
Galderma (GALD.S) - Core divisional drivers remain intact; potential for top-line 
guidance upgrade, Buy (Shyam Kotadia) 
Lonza (LONN.S) - CMD 14 Oct, some investors cautious (-16% on 2023 CMD) but set up 
diff and could be positive catalyst, GSe 2030 sales/ EBITDA 6% ahead, Buy (James 
Quigley) 
Earnings & CMDs 
See all European earnings results here. 
Commodities & Industrials  
BMW (BMWG.DE) - CMD reiterate 8-10% EBIT target and set out self-help plan, lots of 
AI mentions including robotics (c40% of use cases scalable), Buy (Christian Frenes) 
Legrand (LEGD.PA) - CMD product portfolio announcements exceeded expectations, 
nearly complete product suite for DCs versus traditional white space concentration, 
Neutral (Daniela Costa) 
Financials 
SocGen (SOGN.PA) - Post CMD (implied modest consensus upgrades), versus guidance 
GS is slightly more constructive revenues but more cautious on costs, Neutral (Chris 
Hallam) 
Consumer 
Lindt (LISN.S) - Downgraded 2026 sales guide, cut GSe c3-4%, needs to reset price 
points over 18m, timing of org growth inflection uncertain, remain Sell (Sam Darbyshire) 
Essity (ESSITYb.ST) - Accelerating inflation across oil derivs, GSe 11% below consensus 
for 3Q on 22 Oct, Sell (Aron Adamski) 
Ratings Changes & Initiations 
Iberdrola Up to Buy (IBE.MC) - Power infra capex to keep accelerate, expect 
2 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

investment of €100bn 26-31 and double digit earnings growth (Alberto Gandolfi) 
Salmon Initiations - Supply-led price increases in 2027, Buy SalMar 22% upside, c$8bn 
market cap with 40%+ EPS CAGR, Mowi Neutral (Sam Darbyshire) 
Zegona Initiate at Buy (ZEG.L) - Buy & 70% upside, owns & operates Vod Spain, simple 
single market with good growth and returns, opex/capex efficiencies drive FCF growth 
(Mollie Witcombe) 
AJ Bell Up to Neutral (AJBA.L) - Following recent share price underperformance, with 
the stock’s valuation now aligning more closely with the platform peer average. See 
details on sector note below. (Oliver Carruthers) 
Commodities / Power 
Oil - Persian Gulf exports return to 2025 level including ‘dark exports’, remarkable 
adaptation in Mideast supply and China demand suggest Brent will moderate (upside 
risk: energy infra attacks) (Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby) / Modeling potential US diesel 
export restrictions (Daan Struyven) 
US Diesel - Who would be exposed to a ban? Largest impact will be pricing, higher in EM 
Asia and Europe (Megan Peters) 
China Commodity Trip - Including more positive on copper price outlook - downside 
risk in copper supply, driven by prolonged contraction in domestic scrap supply (Trina 
Chen) 
Cocoa - Is this the 2023-24 rally all over again? Upside price risk potential Super El Nino 
raises risk of poor W African crop (c65% supply) (Lina Thomas) 
Sector Updates 
Capital Markets  - Buy CVC (FRE visibility, CL), Flatex (German pensions & new products, 
CL), ICG (improving cash), upgrade AJ Bell to Neutral - see details above (Oliver 
Carruthers) 
Insurance - Agentic AI disruption sell-off overdone in Nordic P&C, ignores strong 
customer satisfaction and superior cost efficiency (Andrew Baker) / German pension 
reform - see limited impact for the insurers (Andrew Baker) 
UK Homebuilders - Rallied post Help to Buy scheme (Rebecca Parker) 
French Infra Tax - Q&A, full pass through could impact 7-8% of Vinci net income, 
9-10% for Eiffage and more gradual for ADP but low to mid-teens (Patrick Creuset) 
Tracking the data 
Multi-Industry Capex Tracker - Proprietary with 4k cos, sizeable upgrades: 2026E 
capex 4.6pp up since May, primarily from DCs and Semis, increased concentration 
(Daniela Costa). Daniela has a robust toolkit - you can listen to our ‘Back to Basics’ with 
her where we run through this, here.  
Memory S Korea Tracker - Shows 4Q DRAM/NAND ASP forecast overall higher than 
GSe (Giuni Lee) 
Auto1 (AG1G.DE) - Sept-26 high frequency data indicates improving inventory levels 
2 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

and turns through the month with implied 3Q units sold growth at ~22% YoY, Buy (James 
Tate)  
Reiterate Buy 
Siemens Energy (ENR1n.DE) - Announced third tranche of buyback, existing run-rate 
implies €12bn to FY28 for buybacks (versus €6bn earmarked), expect update at CMD in 
Nov, Buy on CL (Ajay Patel) 
Compass Group (CPG.L) - Remains a quality compounder at a discount with catalysts 
into FY27, minor numbers adjustments, Buy (Ben Andrews) 
Halma (HLMA.L) - Photonics growth expectations dominate but broad based strength, 
see Photonics guidance conservative, Buy on CL (Christian Hinderaker) 
Centrica (CNA.L) - Discounted valuation, inflecting earnings with options for upside, 
Buy (Ajay Patel) 
Merlin (MRL.MC) - Assessing pipeline flexibility under new proposed Spanish DC 
framework and recent underperformance; reiterate Buy (Jonathan Kownator) 
British Land (BLND.L) - Strong rental growth driven by lack of supply; developments 
and capital recycling provide further upside, Buy (Jonathan Kownator) 
Management Meetings 
Flatex (FTKn.DE) - CEO (former CFO –board update last week) feedback, Leadership 
change reflects a shift from regulatory remediation towards more commercial focus, Buy 
on CL (Oliver Carruthers)  
Biopharma - Takeaways from our China trip, current focus on “me-too/me-better” 
assets and re-engineering known targets but expect more novel innovation (Asad 
Haider) 
ASMI (ASMI.AS) - US roadshow feedback, Leading-edge Logic demand underpinned by 
1.4nm adoption and tech leadership, Buy (Alexander Duval) 
Smiths Group (SMIN.L) - Management takeaways, focus on acc growth, John Crane 
positioning for bounce back in Energy, Buy (Christian Hinderaker) 
Rational (RAAG.DE) - Factory tour, China broadening, Europe is a bright spot and 
pricing should support margins near term, Buy (Ope Otaniyi) 
Events incl M&A 
Evonik (EVKn.DE) - BASF approached Evonik on potential takeover, Neutral (Marcus von 
Scheele). More details here. 
Flatex (FTKn.DE) - Dr Benon Janos appointed CEO with immediate effect alongside 
existing CEO, on CL (Oliver Carruthers) 
Airbus (AIR.PA) - A321 stringer quality issue adds modest delivery phasing risk; FY26 
range remains feasible (Sam Burgess) 
AZN (AZN.L) - $2bn equity investment in SSMT & clinical collab – provides optionality, 
Buy (Rajan Sharma) 
2 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

Pearson (PSON.L) - Acquires Workera, a workforce skills verification platform (AI 
native), enhances ability to provide end-to-end skills ecosystem, Neutral (James Tate) 
Global 
US Airlines - Higher jet fuel is also the primary driver of 28% and 24% reductions to our 
2027 and 2028 industry net income forecasts (Catherine O’Brien) 
SpaceX - Starship Flight 14 - launch produces positive read on long-term Starship 
potential, several multi-trillion dollar addressable market opportunities (Eric Sheridan) 
Salesforce - Thoughts on Headless post Dreamforce - headless architectures are likely 
to become more pervasive over the next 3 years, lean in (Gabriela Borges) 
Nike - Earnings post close, FY27 guidance materially below consensus and intro Pace, 
new op model transformation (Brooke Roach) 
Global Beer - Capital allocation & FCF opportunities replay (Leaf Liu and Olivier Nicolai) 
China Spirits Tracker - Mid-Autumn Festival feedback: overall demand remained muted 
despite pax mobility growth; Moutai stayed relatively resilient versus other brands (Leaf 
Liu) 
Budweiser APAC Preview - 3Q preview: continued weakness in China leading to EBITDA 
pressure; Korea softer volume offset by India (Leaf Liu) 
Nu Holdings - Press reports potential acquisition of Monzo, which could bring additional 
risks (Tito Labarta) 
Geely Auto Initiate - Key growth driver shifting to overseas with ample room for 
expansion; initiate at Buy (Tina Hou)
2 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Sahar Islam, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject company or companies 
and its or their securities. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations 
or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Sahar Islam Goldman Sachs International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Pricing Information 
A.P. Moeller-Maersk (Dkr23,360.00), ABB Ltd. (SFr79.62), AJ Bell (576p), ASM International (€896.00), Adecco Group (SFr24.02), Airbus (€185.60), 
Argenx SE (€841.60), AstraZeneca (12,032p), Auto1 Group (€17.30), BASF SE (€49.40), BMW (€54.82), Beiersdorf (€75.76), British Land (381.2p), CVC 
Capital Partners (€12.19), Carlsberg (Dkr842.00), Centrica (147.25p), Coca-Cola HBC AG (4,206p), Compass Group ($29.18), Dassault Systemes 
(€20.57), Essity (Skr256.50), Evonik (€20.62), Flughafen Zurich (SFr196.40), Galderma (SFr160.80), Geely Auto (HK$14.74), Halma Plc (3,464p), ICG Plc 
(1,795p), IMCD NV (€96.00), Iberdrola SA (€20.73), InterContinental Hotels Group ($159.75), Legrand (€139.75), Lindt & Sprungli (SFr80,100.00), Lonza 
Group (SFr560.60), Merlin Properties Socimi SA (€11.82), Mowi (Nkr201.40), Nestle (SFr74.63), Nordex SE (€38.46), Pearson (1,223.5p), Puig Brands 
S.A. (€17.80), Rational AG (€560.50), SalMar (Nkr564.00), Siemens Energy (€142.52), Sika (SFr179.15), Smiths Group (2,782p), Societe Generale 
(€66.08), Straumann AG (SFr91.54), TGS ASA (Nkr134.80), Technoprobe S.p.A. (€33.08), Tenaris (€24.46), The Magnum Ice Cream Co. (€15.27), 
TotalEnergies SE (€74.51), Trelleborg AB (Skr439.40), Vallourec (€17.87), Zegona Communications PLC (1,738p) and flatexDEGIRO SE (€28.00) 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
2 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
2 October 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
2 October 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 

supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
2 October 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Connecting the Dots
 
 
