GS Arreola - FICC Americas Sales STIR Sales Franchise Weekly
Commentary 2 Oct 2026
Favian Arreola  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 2 Oct 2026, 5:05pm ET
Week Ending October 2nd, 2026 FICC Americas Sales – STIR Sales Franchise Weekly Commentary
Market Themes All references to “we/us/our” refer to the vi
Week Ending October 2nd, 2026
FICC Americas Sales – STIR Sales Franchise Weekly Commentary
Market Themes
All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk unless specified otherwise.
On Monday, overnight repo opened 1bp richer than Friday, opening at 3.94%/3.93%, and continuing to
richen throughout the day. Tuesday saw repo slightly richen by 1bp to 3.93%/3.92% as overnight repo
continued to remain firm even with more cash in the market from ~$18bn bill paydowns. Quarter-end was
relatively quiet on Wednesday as overnight repo opened 1bp cheaper at 3.94%/3.93%. Wednesday also
saw higher usage at the Federal Reserve's RRP facility with investors tapping it for $11.5 billion consistent
with quarter-end activity . Thursday saw repo open unchanged at 3.94%/3.93% as the market did not have
much quarter-end pressure to shake off. Friday saw repo richen 2bps to 3.92%/3.91% to round off the
week.
Specials trader Sandy Fong on the specials action this week.
“Specials are really feeling the effects of the treasury selloff and quarter-end this week. The severe
richening was only exacerbated by dealers entering the CCAR window. o5s were extremely rich on QE
which resulted in a massive SOMA failure and peaked at 168 bps through GC on Thursday as dealers
unwound client balances and stayed short the o5s. o5s cheapened later in the week as SOMA on Thursday
went well, and we saw more dealers cover their o5s shorts/roll into the currents.
Meanwhile, 10s started the month very rich, trading as rich as 130bps vs GC o/n Friday morning before
cheapening up and seeing a small SOMA submission. The less-than-half SOMA submission on 10s caused
participants to hit down the term markets, last traded 3.25% (or ~68bps through GC). Still, the richness in
10s is very notable as they are in their second cycle. For comparison, 10s only averaged ~28bps in the first
2 weeks of September. 3s traded quite rich, exacerbated by there being no SOMA, but look otherwise
stable. 30s are surprisingly rich as not only have 30s not been historically very special, they are also in
their second cycle. They were almost fully taken up in Friday's SOMA and averaged ~30bps through GC
Friday.”
In cash markets, investors continue to look for shorter paper and remain tactical for term as rate-hike
expectations whip back and forth. The market was pricing in approximately a 70.3% chance of a hike in

October on Monday and finished the week on Friday with approximately a 22.7% chance of a rate hike
following the PCE and NFP data prints. Investors continue to show a preference for floating-rate paper
with new FRN issuances rising week over week as $28 billion was issued compared to $18 billion the
prior week. For issuers - the remaining Q4 FOMC meetings continue to be top of mind heading into year-
end funding.
Data:
USA: Payroll Growth Below Expectations and Revised Lower for Prior Months; Unemployment Rate
Edges Up to 4.2%
USA: Pushing Back Fed Rate Hike on Lower Core PCE Inflation; Q2 GDP Revised Up to +2.2%; Trade
Deficits Widens More Than Expected; Lowering Q3 GDP Tracking to +3.3%
USA: Consumer Confidence Well Below Expectations; Job Openings Decline
Research:
The GS politics team officially launches their midterm election monitor, providing insight on how capitol
hill may look after November here.
The US economy has been resilient despite elevated rates and oil prices; the econ team investigates the
driver behind the resilience here.
The econ team investigates who a diesel export ban will affect the most here.
Exhibit 1: The Generic Congressional Ballot Has Increasingly Favored Democrats
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Silver Bulletin, 09/29/2026 Past performance is not
indicative of future results
Exhibit 2: This Year’s Combination of Market Moves Should Have Only a Modest Effect on Overall GDP,
but Will Impose a Larger Drag on Residential Investment, Which Is More Sensitive to Higher Interest
Rates
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Federal Reserve Board 09/28/2026 Past
performance is not indicative of future results
Exhibit 3: A US Diesel Ban Would Put Downward Pressure on Diesel Prices, but Upward Pressure on
Gasoline Prices Once Diesel Storage Runs Out
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research 10/02/2026 Past performance is not indicative of
future results*


Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
