SILVERCREST ASSET MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC
1330 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS, NEW YORK 10019 • 212-649-0600
WWW.SILVERCRESTGROUP.COM
ECONOMIC REVIEW & INVESTMENT STRATEGY—Q4 2026
Yields above five! Yields above five! 
In December 1808, in an uncomfortably cold venue, Ludwig van Beethoven’s Symphony No. 5 premiered in 
the middle of a four-hour lineup of Beethoven-conducted performances. Reports from the time note that the 
orchestra was ill-prepared that evening, with stoppages during at least one performance. Contemporaneous 
reviews weren’t especially favorable. However, for anyone looking closely enough, the seeds of future popularity 
were in place. Just as Beethoven was forging a new path with less formality and more expression, the global 
economy was on a new path as well. The Industrial Revolution brought spectacular innovation while wars 
created challenges from elevated debt levels. The conflict between old ways and new approaches and the tension 
between economic innovation and the debt of yesterday’s problems also characterize today’s global economic 
and market backdrop. 
Fed Chair Warsh recently bounded onto the scene, bringing hope for lower rates yet receiving lukewarm 
reviews for a stark change in communication policy. Will his work to combat inflation ultimately be viewed as a 
masterpiece, or a flop? As he premieres Rate Hike No. 1, it helps to review the historical implications of different 
interest rate and inflation regimes. 
We 
examined 
nearly 
700 
monthly data points, grouped by 
yield ( >5%, <5%) and inflation 
(>3%, <3%), calculating the 
median monthly S&P 500 
return for each regime. 
Regime I: Low inflation, low 
yields. This is generally a perfect 
backdrop for equities. So long 
as economic growth is present, 
valuation metrics can expand. 
Equities are positive in 70% of 
months in this regime. 
Regime II: High inflation, low 
yields. An example is 2022, 
when the Fed was “behind 
the curve” on inflation. This 
adjustment 
period 
is 
often 
painful for equities. 
CPI > 3%
CPI < 3%
REGIME II
High inflation, low yields
0.75% return
REGIME IV
High inflation, high yields
0.90% return
REGIME I
Low inflation, low yields
1.80% return
REGIME III
Low inflation, high yields
1.30% return
Early 2026
Today
10-YR YIELD < 5%
10-YR YIELD > 5%
FIG. 1
Interest Rate and Inflation Regimes
Median monthly S&P 500 return by yield and inflation regime
Source: Bloomberg. 

2
Regime III: Low inflation, but yields high. This is similar to the 1990s experience, where the economy could 
“tolerate” higher rates; yields weren’t a problem as growth was strong and inflation was contained.
Regime IV: High inflation, high yields. Historically, this has been a stagflationary backdrop, with prominent 
examples in the 1970s and the early 1990s, at the tail end of the high-rates era. This regime sees higher-than-
average volatility and the worst negative month. Still, it remains a period of positive average and median returns 
and posts positive equity returns in 58% of months.
Earlier this year, conditions were in Regime I, with yields below 5% and inflation below 3%. Presently, conditions 
are in Regime IV as inflation has ticked up and yields are now above 5%. While this doesn’t definitively indicate 
trouble is ahead, especially because economic growth is strong, it does mean the stakes are higher for earnings 
gains to carry equities forward. Volatility could be on the horizon, as there is less margin for error when both 
inflation and rates are in an uncomfortable configuration.
Excellent Earnings—great results, high expectations, will they deliver? 
When earnings season gets underway in mid-
October, we will be highly attuned to stock price 
movements in response to announcements. 
Consensus expectations reflect very strong (yet 
reasonable) growth. A combination of multi-year 
trends in profit margin expansion, solid economic 
activity, and a sector composition that shifts 
toward more profitable areas is likely to deliver 
strong earnings growth. If there is any sign that 
growth is slowing or isn’t good enough to match 
investor enthusiasm, caution could be warranted. 
While we are a bit concerned that expectations 
are running so high, we think earnings will again 
deliver fuel for equities. As we outlined back in 
2024, the AI revolution is unfolding in three 
phases: infrastructure, models, and users. We 
expect eventual widespread usage and productivity 
gains. Figure 2 shows the progression of earnings 
estimates in recent calendar years, with the 
obvious acceleration in recent months for 2026 
and 2027 calendar year earnings. 2027 estimates 
are now at $417/share for S&P 500 earnings. At 
recent levels, this equates to an 18.4x P/E ratio. 
Adequate Economy—strong overall, stress building from real wages 
Economic conditions remain quite solid, with growth boosted by the AI buildout and a stable labor market, 
paired with wealth-effect gains that are boosting aggregate consumer spending.  
The BLS JOLTS hires rate and monthly non-farm payroll figures indicate that employment continues to expand. 
Figure 3 shows the trend toward fewer layoffs in recent months. With weekly jobless claims continuing to show 
very little layoff activity, consumers can generally feel confident in their income and spending choices.
FIG. 2
S&P 500 Earnings per Share Estimates
Consensus by Calendar Year, Daily
Source: Bloomberg.

3
One area of rising stress for consumers is the gap 
between wage gains of +3.1% in average hourly 
earnings and inflation, currently running at 
+3.4%. Consumers who depend on hourly 
wages to fund spending are now falling behind 
on a real (inflation-adjusted) basis. In aggregate, 
consumer spending continues to grow, partly 
fueled by wealth effect gains from a rising 
stock market. 
With real GDP consistently growing above 
2%, economic expansion is strong enough 
to fuel earnings gains. We estimate that a 
decline to sub-1.5 % growth is where earnings 
enter the danger zone.
Messy Macro—will it matter? 
A long list of macro concerns continues to 
percolate: another round of tariff disputes, 
ongoing conflict in Ukraine, fears over El Niño’s 
effects on agriculture, rising oil, gas, and diesel 
prices, and debates over the communication 
strategies of the Treasury and the Fed. 
The most significant macro matters for equities 
today are the financing and profitability of the 
AI data center buildout and the interest rate 
backdrop in the United States. 
Financing the AI Buildout 
The buildout of data centers to support AI usage 
is central to the economy, broader financial 
conditions, and equity earnings. The AI buildout 
has been a major contributor to economic growth 
via capital expenditures and employment. Those 
massive capital expenditures require financing, 
and even cash-rich mega-cap tech companies 
have begun issuing debt to fund the buildout. 
While some individual issuers are showing stress 
in the form of rising credit default swap spreads, 
the broader credit market, both high yield and 
investment grade, generally remains quite strong, 
with spreads ticking up a bit in recent weeks.
FIG. 3
U.S. Initial Jobless Claims
Seasonally Adjusted, Weekly, Thousands
Source: Bloomberg.
FIG. 4
U.S. High Yield Corporate Spreads
Option-Adjusted Spread, Daily, Year-to-Date
Source: Bloomberg.

4
Growth that is fueled by debt must eventually show a return on investment, and the clock is starting to tick 
down to a day when revenue and productivity gains are visible. There are two potential risks against this tsunami 
of AI-led growth. One risk, though likely several years out, is a slowdown in activity once companies have built 
what they need, which would in turn suppress economic growth. The second, and in our view more significant, 
concern is that any delay in revenue generation could create issues servicing this debt, raising concerns about 
long-term financial viability. In late September, there was a lot of buzz over a force majeure filing from a large 
technology company related to the timing of a data center facility coming online and contractual payments 
related to that data center. Arguably, some of the fear over timing delays stems from the AI buildout being larger 
than anticipated. This has caused problems with electricity availability and other supply chain issues. AI has 
also become somewhat politicized, with a range of views and debates in communities set to host data centers. 
This too has led to delays in permitting and other hurdles that must be overcome for data centers to be built. 
For now, we believe financing is solid, demand is strong, and any disappointment will likely come from timelines 
extending further than planned, thereby suppressing IRRs. In other words, a risk to the projected return on 
capital, not a risk to the return of capital.
Treasury Turmoil? 
Towards the end of summer, financial market professionals and denizens of resort towns across the country were 
riveted by the jousting between Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent and his former mentor, Stan Druckenmiller. 
With yields on the U.S. ten-year note creeping higher, Bessent made comments and open-market adjustments 
intended to limit the rise in yields. When the increased treasury buybacks were initially announced, we thought 
they could serve as an effective trial balloon, creating a bit of pushback to traders, yet small enough to be seen 
as a technical adjustment rather than an urgent, important action. However, Bessent upped the ante, deciding 
to speak loudly while claiming to carry a large wallet. Meanwhile, Druckenmiller took to the Wall Street Journal 
opinion page to highlight the problems with Bessent’s approach and outline the very real challenges created by 
persistent budget deficits and a growing national debt.
Despite the challenge from the deficit and debt, 
capital flows unfold on a relative basis, and the 
U.S. has a better demographic and economic 
growth backdrop than other countries with 
similar debt/GDP levels. Simply put, U.S. assets 
remain compelling on the global stage. 
While yields marched higher during the very 
public spat between Druckenmiller and Bessent, 
they did so against the backdrop of ever-higher 
oil prices. With marine traffic through the Strait 
of Hormuz still severely restricted, persistent 
high oil prices and ongoing inflation fears are 
likely major drivers of the rise in yields.  
As for Fed Chair Warsh, the recent increase in 
the Fed Funds Rate might add credibility to his 
inflation battle, though it won’t do much for oil 
prices and also raises the risk of higher interest-
rate costs on debt. 
FIG. 5
U.S. 10-Year Treasury Yield
Daily, Trailing 12 Months
Source: Bloomberg.

5
A big concern for inflation/rates is that 
something else goes wrong with Hormuz/oil. 
That is still a possibility. However, China has 
become a major short-term swing factor in oil, 
via its substantial strategic reserve and shift to 
electric vehicles. Absent some dramatic change 
in U.S.-China relations, it is reasonable to 
expect that, in the near term, China will also 
aim to keep a lid on oil prices. If so, then some of 
the pressure on inflation and rates will stabilize, 
even if oil prices remain around current levels.
Outlook 
Careful comparisons of the AI era’s size, timing, 
and profitability to the Internet era reveal 
similarities, but also key differences. While 
the current buildout is similar in scale and has 
a timeline that suggests it could be in a late 
stage, the bulk of the public companies involved 
in today’s AI era compare favorably to their 
Internet-era counterparts. As we first outlined in 2024, we expect many future benefits to accrue to users of 
the technology through productivity gains and profit margin expansion. This is easier said than done, which is 
why we anticipate meaningful divergence between companies that adapt and those that don’t. Like any major 
transformational economic event, there will be some collateral damage. Not every data center or AI model 
will be profitable. There will be failures. However, to date, most financial activity is happening with firms and 
investors who can tolerate and manage reasonable amounts of risk. 
The outlook for earnings is incredibly bright, and we expect that to be the primary driver of stock direction. 
A change in the rate of change could create problems for some overheated areas and will likely bring some 
attention to neglected areas of the market, particularly well-managed smaller companies. 
Because of the long list of macro concerns, some of them highly unpredictable, we continue to favor a neutral 
risk posture—that is, allocating risk at a level that is consistent with long-term objectives, not more, not less. 
We also strongly advocate for diversification. While the AI era will likely remain the key driver of economic and 
market activity, it is important not to put all eggs in that one basket. Many investments which aren’t obviously 
AI-related are tied to the AI trade, particularly in U.S. Large Cap. Therefore, diversification into areas outside 
the U.S. can be additive. 
On credit risk, we continue to emphasize security-level work, taking credit risk only where it aligns with 
strong research. 
With yields above five, bonds can provide a nice dose of safety and income when held to maturity.   
Overall, we see it as a time to be optimistic, but careful.
FIG. 6
Brent Crude Oil Futures
Front-Month Contract, Daily $ per Barrel
Source: Bloomberg.

6
October 1, 2026	
Robert Teeter
	
Managing Director
	
Chief Investment Strategist
This communication contains the personal opinions, as of the date set forth herein, about the securities, investments and/or economic subjects discussed by Mr. Teeter. 
No part of Mr. Teeter’s compensation was, is or will be related to any specific views contained in these materials. This communication is intended for information 
purposes only and does not recommend or solicit the purchase or sale of specific securities or investment services. Readers should not infer or assume that any 
securities, sectors or markets described were or will be profitable or are appropriate to meet the objectives, situation or needs of a particular individual or family, as 
the implementation of any financial strategy should only be made after consultation with your attorney, tax advisor and investment advisor. All material presented is 
compiled from sources believed to be reliable, but accuracy or completeness cannot be guaranteed. © Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC
2025
ACTUAL
2026
CONSENSUS
2026 
SILVERCREST
ESTIMATE1
2027
CONSENSUS2
SILVERCREST 
3 YR FORWARD 
ESTIMATE
COMMENTARY
U.S. GDP Growth
2.1
2.2
2.3
2.1
2.0
Long-term trend growth 
of 1.5-2.5
Inflation (at year end)
2.7
3.4
3.2
2.3
2.2
Inflation sticks around 
until oil prices improve
S&P 500 EPS
269
351
350
417
8.0%
Earnings will grow via 
profit margins
Total Employed (mil)
N/A
N/A
162
N/A
165
Slow growth in payrolls
Unemployment
4.3
4.2
4.3
4.2
4.5
Slight tick up in UE, 
reflecting offset to inflation
U.S. Ten-Year Rate
4.2
4.9
5.0
4.6
4.5-5.5
Until oil and inflation 
cool, yields remain high
Sources: Consensus Economics & Bloomberg. 1Silvercrest estimated numbers for end of year, 2Q4 2027 Consensus Economics Implied percentage change from 
the same quarter of the previous year. (% Change, Year-on-Year). 
