© Swiss Life Asset Management Ltd. – Perspectives – Financial Markets 
Editorial deadline: 24.09.2026 – Page 1 / 5 
Perspectives
Financial Markets
October 2026
Interest rates & bonds
Global rise in bond yields
USA 
– US Treasury yields moved higher in September, 
driven by the surge in oil prices and, above all, higher 
growth expectations. USD IG spreads tightened, 
while USD HY spreads widened slightly. 
– Leading indicators point to improving growth mo-
mentum, whilst inflation remains above the central 
bank’s target. We have revised our Fed outlook and 
now expect two more rate hikes. 
Eurozone 
– German government bond yields rose across the 
curve in September on higher inflation and growth 
expectations. Both EUR IG and HY spreads widened.
– As expected, the ECB raised rates by 25bp in Septem-
ber. We have revised our ECB outlook and now ex-
pect one further rate hike. 
UK 
– Core inflation remained at 2.6% in August, while 
GDP growth expectations increased. 10-year gilt 
yields rose in September, and IG spreads widened. 
– Inflation and Middle East developments remain key 
drivers for the BoE. We have revised our BoE out-
look and now expect two more hikes. 
Switzerland 
– GDP growth expectations for 2026 increased and 
core inflation surprised to the upside in August. 
Swiss 10-year sovereign yields increased as a result.
– The weak CHF and improved economic data are 
opening up an opportunity for the SNB to normal-
ise monetary policy to some extent. We expect two 
interest rate rises of 25 basis points each in 2027. 
Government bonds: France underperformed Iberia 
The spread between 10-year government bond yields
and German Bunds is a key indicator of sovereign 
credit risk, fiscal sustainability, political stability, and
euro area fragmentation risk. German Bunds serve as 
the region’s risk-free benchmark due to Germany’s 
strong fiscal position, liquid bond market, and pru-
dent debt management. Despite higher public debt lev-
els in many countries, fragmentation risk in the euro
area is notably lower than during the 2011–12 sover-
eign debt crisis. This reflects strong ECB backstops
(e.g. OMT and TPI), greater confidence in the euro, and 
better-capitalised banks. Nevertheless, markets reacted
sensitively to France’s fiscal deterioration and Italy’s
high debt burden. The corresponding widening of 
spreads suggests that concerns about fragmentation 
have shifted to broader issues such as fiscal deficits, ris-
ing debt-to-GDP ratios, ageing populations, and gov-
ernments’ willingness to consolidate public finances. 
Given the elevated uncertainty, we are neutral on 2-
year and 10-year government bond yields in the US, eu-
rozone and Switzerland over a one-month horizon. In 
credit, marginally supportive technicals and funda-
mentals are offset by tight credit spreads. At the same
time, risks remain elevated, including geopolitical ten-
sions, volatile energy prices and interest rates, disrup-
tions related to AI adoption, and concerns about wider
sovereign spreads. We are neutral on IG spreads but ex-
pect HY spreads to widen. 
Current
Sep. 
2026*
Year-to-
date*
Current
Sep. 
2026*
Year-to-
date*
US
5.2%
45 bps
103 bps
77 bps
-1 bps
-1 bps
Eurozone
3.6%
28 bps
74 bps
87 bps
8 bps
9 bps
UK
5.4%
32 bps
90 bps
90 bps
4 bps
7 bps
CH
0.6%
21 bps
35 bps
78 bps
2 bps
-1 bps
10-year government 
bond yield
Investment-grade 
credit spread
10-year government bond yield eurozone = DE, bps = basis points.
* Change as at 24 September. Source: Bloomberg

© Swiss Life Asset Management Ltd. – Perspectives – Financial Markets 
Editorial deadline: 24.09.2026 – Page 2 / 5 
Equities 
Earnings and AI hopes stronger than headwinds
US
– Despite significant headwinds, the US market rose 
by 0.3% in September. The Fed hiked rates, while the 
AI segment delivered mostly negative news, includ-
ing delayed IPOs, security issues and proposals to 
slow development. 
– Both the current and forward P/E ratios of the US 
stock market are lower than at the start of the year.
Eurozone
– Eurozone stocks, with their lower IT exposure, lost 
1.4% in September. Due to this underperformance, 
the European market is now also behind the US 
market for 2026. 
– The European market is around fair value. We con-
sider high-dividend stocks attractive, as they offer a 
dividend yield of more than 4% and trade at lower 
valuations than the broad market. 
UK
– The UK market performed in line with the continen-
tal European market in September. 
Switzerland
– The Swiss market continued its streak of underper-
formance in September and is now the weakest per-
former in our ranking. 
– The weakness was broad-based, with only 5 of the 20 
SMI stocks up in September. 
Emerging markets
– Emerging markets continued to recover from the 
July drawdown. 
– Taiwan and Korea contributed positively in Asia, 
while Brazil and Colombia were strong in Latin 
America. China and India were once again the lag-
gards. 
– Emerging markets are still attractively valued. The 
current P/E ratio is 15 and the forward P/E ratio is 
below 10. However, the index is now highly concen-
trated in Asia and a few AI-related stocks. 
Fed rate hikes and the equity market
In September, the Fed delivered its first rate hike since 
July 2023. Historically, the first Fed rate hike in a cycle 
has been followed by negative equity market perfor-
mance over the subsequent three months. After 12 
months, however, average performance across rate-hik-
ing cycles has been clearly positive (see chart below).
Performance was weakest when inflation was very high 
at the time of the first hike and strongest when tight-
ening was gradual. We think this cycle could be differ-
ent and expect equity markets to rise over the coming
three months.
In our view, a broad-based correction is currently un-
likely for several reasons. First, earnings growth is ex-
ceptionally strong, and we expect Q3 earnings to be 
strong once again. Current consensus estimates for the 
US market imply year-on-year earnings growth of 25–
30% in Q3 and 20–25% in Q4. Earnings estimates are
still being revised upwards, and 2026 is one of the few 
years in which earnings estimates have been upgraded
as the year progressed. Due to this strong earnings 
growth, which in most cases has exceeded equity mar-
ket performance, valuations are now lower than at the 
beginning of the year. While concerns about AI overin-
vestment and the viability of frontier labs’ business 
models are well justified, we do not yet expect a signif-
icant downturn in the AI segment (see our special AI 
Perspectives edition, coming out soon). In addition, 
seasonality is strongest in Q4, and neither the US nor
the global economy shows signs of weakness. However,
we are cognisant of the risks: Fed hikes have often pre-
ceded recessions and bear markets, wars remain unre-
solved, and sentiment towards AI stocks and business 
models is too sanguine. Medium-term risks therefore 
remain significant.
Regional equity markets
Sep. 2026*
Year-to-date*
USA
0.3%
13.2%
Eurozone
-1.8%
10.9%
UK
-1.1%
10.5%
Switzerland
-2.1%
7.4%
Emerging markets
0.9%
25.2%
MSCI net total return indices in local currency.
* Performance as at 24 September. Source: Bloomberg

© Swiss Life Asset Management Ltd. – Perspectives – Financial Markets 
Editorial deadline: 24.09.2026 – Page 3 / 5 
Currencies 
CHF depreciation has likely come to an end 
USA 
– At the time of writing, the USD had appreciated 
1.3% in September on a trade-weighted basis. The 
policy rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, the hawk-
ish rhetoric and surprisingly positive economic data 
supported the greenback.  
– We maintain a positive view on the USD until year-
end, supported by favourable yield differentials and 
the continued resilience of the US economy. 
Eurozone 
– The EUR lost around 1.0% on a trade-weighted basis 
in September. Economic data was solid and the ECB 
hiked as expected in September, but this was over-
shadowed by even stronger signals from the US 
economy and the Fed and consequently led to a 
weaker EUR/USD. 
– We maintain our negative view for EUR/USD until 
year-end. 
UK 
– GBP depreciated against the USD and has remained 
largely stable against EUR so far in September, as the 
Bank of England signalled no urgency to tighten 
monetary policy.  
– We reiterate our negative view on GBP/USD and our 
neutral view on GBP/EUR. 
Switzerland 
– The EUR’s appreciation against CHF took a breather 
in September (see main text). The SNB left interest 
rates unchanged in September as expected. 
– We shift our view on EUR/CHF from neutral to neg-
ative. Our view on USD/CHF is neutral. 
Japan
– The JPY appreciated at the beginning of September 
but gave back some of those gains as markets were 
not impressed by the interest rate hike and the cau-
tious rhetoric by the Bank of Japan at its September 
meeting. 
– We expect JPY weakness to continue and thus shift 
our view on USD/JPY from neutral to positive. 
Reassuring signals from the Fed support the USD 
In September, the almost continuous depreciation of 
the CHF against the EUR since the end of May came to 
a halt. Nevertheless, the CHF still appears undervalued 
against EUR according to a purchasing power parity 
model based on producer prices (see chart below). The 
model also indicates that the CHF is undervalued
against the USD. Hence, the recent exchange rate de-
velopments, in combination with upside surprises in 
Swiss inflation and GDP growth readings, could open 
a window of opportunity for the Swiss National Bank 
to move the policy rate away from zero. The two policy
rate hikes that we now expect for the SNB in H1 2027
are very close to financial market consensus. By con-
trast, we still consider financial markets’ expectations
for ECB rate hikes too aggressive. We therefore see 
scope for the CHF to appreciate against the EUR by the 
end of the year. The uncertain geopolitical environ-
ment and rising political risks in Europe, which have
already contributed to higher long-term yields espe-
cially in France, also support the CHF. As the JPY has
not played its traditional safe-haven role this year, the 
CHF’s importance as a safe-haven currency has in-
creased.  
Regarding the USD, the policy rate hike and accompa-
nying rhetoric by the Federal Reserve in September
have reassured investors that the Fed is independent 
and willing to tackle the persistently high inflation in 
the US. In combination with somewhat stronger eco-
nomic data from the US and the US dollar’s favourable
interest rate advantage, we believe that the greenback 
will remain supported until year-end. 
Sep. 2026*
Year-to-date*
1-month view
EUR/USD
-2.0%
-3.1%

EUR/CHF
0.3%
1.2%

GBP/USD
-2.4%
-1.9%

USD/JPY
-0.6%
1.4%

* Performance as at 24 September. Source: Bloomberg

© Swiss Life Asset Management Ltd. – Perspectives – Financial Markets 
Editorial deadline: 24.09.2026 – Page 4 / 5 
Asset allocation 
When the active approach matters
September in review 
– Global equities proved resilient as the US and 
emerging markets continued to advance despite an 
increasingly challenging monetary environment. 
However, other major markets came under pressure 
amid higher interest rates and escalating tensions in 
Iran. 
– Sovereign bond yields continued to move higher 
across major markets, as central banks raised policy 
rates further.  
– Spread movements in September were mixed, with 
US spreads tightening and European spreads widen-
ing slightly. 
– The USD appreciated on a trade-weighted basis. 
Current asset allocation views 
– We maintain our slight overweight in equities from 
last month. Continued positive earnings revisions 
and US corporates’ ability to deliver on elevated 
earnings expectations provide a cushion against a 
more challenging monetary backdrop and ongoing 
geopolitical uncertainty. 
– Within equities, we continue to be overweight in the 
US and emerging markets due to strong fundamen-
tals. We also maintain an overweight position in Eu-
rope as a diversifier to the AI theme and a potential 
beneficiary of easing geopolitical tensions related to 
Iran. 
– We remain neutral on rates overall, but with a short 
duration bias. Resilient growth and concerns 
around long-term fiscal sustainability keep us cau-
tious on duration, despite rates already being at his-
torically high levels. 
– We maintain our underweight on credit, as we be-
lieve equities provide a more attractive risk-reward 
profile and greater participation in potential upside.
– We continue to favour real assets, such as gold, Swiss 
NAV-based real estate and infrastructure. 
Powerful tailwinds versus growing headwinds
Financial markets have entered a complex macroeco-
nomic environment characterised by powerful push-
and-pull dynamics. On the one hand, corporate earn-
ings have been exceptionally strong. Earnings-per-
share forecasts have been revised upwards throughout 
the year, reflecting resilient corporate profitability de-
spite higher interest rates and elevated energy costs. 
As a result, equity valuations also appear more reason-
able than earlier in the cycle. Investor positioning in 
US large caps remains relatively cautious, which sug-
gests there is still scope for inflows should confidence 
improve. At the same time, investors face a growing
number of challenges. In particular, underlying infla-
tion remains sticky, as substantial AI-related invest-
ment continues to drive demand for labour, energy 
and infrastructure. Against this backdrop, the strength 
of the US economy is becoming a double-edged sword, 
allowing the Federal Reserve to focus primarily on tam-
ing inflation without worrying about the labour mar-
ket or economic activity. Monetary conditions could 
thus become tighter than expected. In addition, the be-
ginning of a rate-hiking cycle has historically been a
difficult period for risk assets, even though markets 
have generally absorbed higher rates over the medium 
term. Lastly, geopolitics remains a major source of un-
certainty as earlier de-escalation efforts have made lit-
tle progress.
We believe that it is precisely in challenging environ-
ments like this that a well-managed active multi-asset
portfolio can differentiate itself from a passive ap-
proach. Through broad diversification, complemented 
by alternative strategies and the flexibility to adapt as 
market conditions evolve, our portfolios are well posi-
tioned to navigate the volatility that may lie ahead.
Asset class
Active weight
Global government bonds
neutral
Global investment-grade credit
underweight
Global equities
overweight
Source: Swiss Life Asset Managers 

© Swiss Life Asset Management Ltd. – Perspectives – Financial Markets 
Editorial deadline: 24.09.2026 – Page 5 / 5 
Swiss Life Asset Managers 
Sven Kreitmair 
Portfolio Manager Fixed Income  
sven.kreitmair@swisslife-am.com 
 sven_kreitmair 
Andreas Homberger 
Head Quantitative Equities 
andreas.homberger@swisslife-am.com 
 andreas_homberger 
Damian Künzi   
Head Macroeconomic Research 
damian.kuenzi@swisslife-am.com  
 damian_künzi 
Florence Hartmann  
Economist Developed Markets 
florence.hartmann@swisslife-am.com 
 florence_hartmann 
Stephanie Zwick 
Head Multi Asset 
stephanie.zwick@swisslife-am.com
stephanie_zwick 
If you have any questions or if you would like to subscribe to this publication, 
please send an e-mail to: info@swisslife-am.com. 
For more information visit our website at: www.swisslife-am.com/research 
Released and approved by the Macroeconomic Research Department, Swiss Life Investment Management Holding Ltd, Zurich 
Swiss Life Asset Managers may have acted upon or used research recommendations before they were published. The contents of this document are based upon 
sources of information believed to be reliable, but no guarantee is given as to their accuracy or completeness. This document includes forward-looking statements 
which are based on our current opinions, expectations and projections. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. Actual 
results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements.  
France: This publication is distributed in France by Swiss Life Asset Managers France, 122 Rue La Boétie, F-75008 Paris to its clients and prospects. Germany: 
This publication is distributed in Germany by Swiss Life Asset Managers Deutschland GmbH, Clever Strasse 36, D-50668 Köln, Swiss Life Asset Managers Luxem-
bourg, Niederlassung Deutschland, Darmstädter Landstraße 125, D-60598 Frankfurt am Main and BEOS AG, Kurfürstendamm 188, D-10707 Berlin. UK: This 
publication is distributed by Swiss Life Asset Managers UK Ltd., 55 Wells Street, London W1T 3PT. Switzerland: This publication is distributed by Swiss Life 
Asset Management Ltd., General-Guisan-Quai 40, CH-8022 Zürich. Norway: This publication is distributed by Swiss Life Asset Managers Holding AS, Haakon 
VIIs gt 1, NO-0161 Oslo. Italy: This publication is distributed by Swiss Life Asset Managers Luxembourg, succursale Italia, Via San Prospero 1, I-20121 Milano. 
Denmark: This publication is distributed by Swiss Life Asset Managers Danmark, filial af Swiss Life Asset Managers Luxembourg, Luxembourg Frederiksgade 11, 
1. tv, 1265 Københaven K. 
