 
CIO View 
Multi Asset 
 
September 30, 2026 
Marketing material 
 
In EMEA for Professional Clients (MiFID Directive 2014/65/EU Annex II) only. In Switzerland for Qualified Investors (Art. 10 Para. 3 of the Swiss Federal Collective 
Investment Schemes Act (CISA)). In APAC and LATAM for institutional investors only. In Australia and New Zealand: for Wholesale Investors only. Further distribution 
of this material is strictly prohibited. For professional Clients. For business customers only. This information is subject to change at any time, based upon economic, 
market and other considerations and should not be construed as a recommendation. Past performance is not indicative of future returns. Forecasts are based on 
assumptions, estimates, opinions and hypothetical models that may prove to be incorrect. Alternative investments may be speculative and involve significant risks 
including illiquidity, heightened potential for loss and lack of transparency. Alternatives are not suitable for all clients. Source: DWS Investment GmbH. 
/ 1 
CIO View Portfolio : Perspectives 
Vincenzo Vedda 
Chief Investment Officer 
In our monthly Multi-Asset update we show the implementation 
of our CIO View in the CIO View model portfolio. 
Idea of the month 
Emerging-market bonds continue to offer attractive income 
opportunities in our view. Over a 12-month horizon, total 
returns approaching double digits appear achievable, 
supported by solid global growth, positive rating trends and 
the prospect of a weaker U.S. dollar. That said, much of the 
good news is already reflected in valuations. For sovereign 
bonds, the scope for further spread compression looks limited, 
particularly as geopolitical tensions and higher U.S. real yields 
could act as headwinds. Asian corporate bonds continue to 
benefit from strong fundamentals, robust regional demand 
and limited new issuance. Their attractiveness, however, lies 
primarily in carry rather than further price appreciation. 
Emerging markets bonds remain attractive 
Sources: Bloomberg Finance L.P., DWS Investment GmbH as of 9/10/26 
Our take on Duration & Risk 
 
Risk 
Resilient growth, robust earnings and continued AI-related 
investment remain supportive for equities. However, investor 
positioning is already constructive and much of the positive 
news appears priced in. Key risks include uncertainty around 
the Fed, further upward pressure on bond yields and 
unresolved Middle East tensions, which could keep energy 
prices elevated. Higher yields and energy costs may weigh on 
valuations and consumer spending. With limited earnings 
catalysts and seasonality typically less supportive during the 
U.S. midterm election period, the overall risk-reward profile 
remains broadly balanced despite solid fundamentals. 
We stick to our risk preference at neutral 
Top 5 active risks 
 Overall risk 
Source: DWS Investment GmbH as of Sept 16, 2026 
 
 
Our duration preference remains neutral 
Active fixed income risk contribution 
 Overall duration 
 
Source: DWS Investment GmbH as of Sept 16, 2026 
 
 
Duration 
Attractive yield levels and our view that markets are pricing 
more policy tightening than implied by the DWS base case 
remain supportive for duration in our view. However, 
uncertainty around the Fed, elevated rate volatility and the risk 
of higher yields argue for caution. Middle East tensions could 
also keep energy prices and inflation elevated. In an 
environment of resilient growth, duration currently offers 
limited diversification benefits. We therefore favor the 2- to 5-
year segment and maintain a preference for curve steepeners, 
particularly in 5s30s and 10s30s, as term premia are likely to 
rebuild further. 
50
150
250
350
450
01/20
01/21
01/22
01/23
01/24
01/25
01/26
US Corporate Index
EMBI IG Spread
Long Duration
Long US Treasuries
Long Gilts
Long EM Debt
Short EUR HY
remaining 
neutral
Remaining 
neutral 
Long Gold
Long Bitcoin
Long EM Equities
Long IT
Long Japanese Equities

CIO View Portfolio: Perspectives 
 September 30, 2026 
This information is subject to change at any time, based upon economic, market and other considerations and should not be construed as a recommendation. Past 
performance is not indicative of future returns. Forecasts are based on assumptions, estimates, opinions and hypothetical models that may prove to be incorrect. 
Alternative investments may be speculative and involve significant risks including illiquidity, heightened potential for loss and lack of transparency. Alternatives are not 
suitable for all clients. Source: DWS Investment GmbH. 
/ 2 
What’s up in the segments?
 
Balanced, but moderately constructive on equities. Tech upgraded to +1. 
We retain a balanced but moderately constructive stance on equities. While strong earnings, resilient growth and reasonable 
valuations continue to support markets, several near-term headwinds argue for caution, including interest-rate uncertainty, 
geopolitical risks, investor positioning, seasonality and the approaching U.S. midterm elections. Q2 earnings exceeded 
expectations on both sides of the Atlantic, led by Technology, Energy and Financials in the U.S. and broad-based strength in 
Europe. We upgrade Information Technology to +1, as temporary concerns around AI monetization have created more attractive 
valuations while earnings expectations remain supportive. Regionally, we continue to favor Emerging Markets and Japan, 
supported by stronger earnings growth and attractive relative valuations. Utilities remain a preferred diversifier, benefiting from 
rising electricity demand linked to AI and still supportive valuations. Global banks also stand out due to solid growth prospects 
and attractive pricing. While Europe has become more interesting following strong earnings and improving macro surprises, we 
remain neutral for now and keep some dry powder for potential opportunities ahead. In fixed income, we prefer high-quality credit 
over high yield. EUR IG remains favored over USD IG due to stronger technicals, while EM hard-currency sovereign debt has been 
upgraded to +1 following wider spreads and improved valuations. In a multi-asset context, we are neutral on EUR/USD given the 
potential diversification benefits due to geopolitical risks. 
Interesting developments in global bond markets 
18 year high of global sovereign yields 
“The power of Carry”
 
 
Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P., DWS Investment GmbH as of 9/10/26 
 Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P., DWS Investment GmbH as of 9/10/26 
 
CIO View M odel Portfolio positioning vs. anchor
 
This allocation shows how we implement the above-mentioned CIO View into a Multi-Asset portfolio of liquid securities. 
 
Anchor
Positioning 
 
Equities 
55.0%
5.1%1 
 
This allocation may not be suitable for all investors and can be changed at 
any time without notice. Source: DWS Investment GmbH, as of Sept 16, 
2026. The anchor allocation refers to the strategic asset allocation, while 
the portfolio positioning refers to the tactical asset allocation. Rounded 
figures. Including equity derivatives.1 Total excluding interest rate 
derivatives2 (derivatives are included in the positioning figures at a 
subordinate level). 
U.S. equities 
27.0%
-4.0% 
European equities 
17.8%
-1.4% 
Japanese equities 
4.2%
3.1% 
Emerging market equities 
6.0%
3.1% 
World IT 
--
2.0% 
World Utilities 
--
2.3% 
 
Fixed income 
40.2%
1.6%2 
European government bonds 
12.0%
-3.0% 
U.S. Treasuries 
8.1%
0.1% 
EUR IG corporate bonds 
11.1%
0.4% 
USD IG corporate bonds 
4.0%
-0.2% 
EUR high yield bonds 
2.0%
-2.0% 
USD high yield bonds 
2.0%
0.1% 
Asia credit 
0.9% 
Global emerging market bonds 
1.0%
5.5% 
Fixed income derivatives 
0.0%
17.9% 
 
Commodities 
1.9%
3.4% 
Gold 
1.9%
2.4% 
Bitcoin 
--
0.7% 
Ethereum 
--
0.2% 
 
 
Cash & currency 
2.9%
-1.1% 
0
1
2
3
4
5
09/00
09/03
09/06
09/09
09/12
09/15
09/18
09/21
09/24
Global Aggregate Sovereign Yield
0.5
1.5
2.5
3.5
4.5
2100
2200
2300
2400
2500
2600
01/20
01/21
01/22
01/23
01/24
01/25
01/26
US-Treasury Total Return Index
US 10y yield (r.s., inverted)

CIO View Portfolio: Perspectives 
 September 30, 2026 
 
Important information – EMEA, APAC, LATAM & MENA 
In EMEA for Professional Clients (MiFID Directive 2014/65/EU Annex II) only; no distribution to private/retail customers. In Switzerland for Qualified 
Investors (art. 10 Para. 3 of the Swiss Federal Collective Investment Schemes Act (CISA)). In APAC and LATAM for institutional investors only. In 
MENA: For professional Clients. Further distribution of this material is strictly prohibited. Australia and New Zealand: For Wholesale Investors only. 
In Qatar: For business customers only. 
 
DWS is the brand name of DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA and its subsidiaries under which they do business. The DWS legal entities offering 
products or services are specified in the relevant documentation. DWS, through DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, its affiliated companies and its 
officers and employees (collectively “DWS”) are communicating this document in good faith and on the following basis.
 
 
This document is for information/discussion purposes only and does not constitute an offer, recommendation or solicitation to conclude a trans-
action and should not be treated as investment advice. 
 
This document is intended to be a marketing communication, not a financial analysis. Accordingly, it may not comply with legal obligations requir-
ing the impartiality of financial analysis or prohibiting trading prior to the publication of a financial analysis. 
 
This document contains forward looking statements. Forward looking statements include, but are not limited to assumptions, estimates, projec-
tions, opinions, models and hypothetical performance analysis. No representation or warranty is made by DWS as to the reasonableness or com-
pleteness of such forward looking statements. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 
The information contained in this document is obtained from sources believed to be reliable. DWS does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness 
or fairness of such information. All third party data is copyrighted by and proprietary to the provider. DWS has no obligation to update, modify or 
amend this document or to otherwise notify the recipient in the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate 
set forth herein, changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. 
 
Investments are subject to various risks. Detailed information on risks is contained in the relevant offering documents. 
 
No liability for any error or omission is accepted by DWS. Opinions and estimates may be changed without notice and involve a number of as-
sumptions which may not prove valid. 
DWS does not give taxation or legal advice.  
 
This document may not be reproduced or circulated without DWS’s written authority. 
 
 
This document is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any 
locality, state, country or other jurisdiction, including the United States, where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary 
to law or regulation or which would subject DWS to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction not currently met within such 
jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this document may come are required to inform themselves of, and to observe, such restrictions. 
 
© 2026 DWS Investment GmbH 
 
Issued in the UK by DWS Investments UK Limited which is authorised and regulated in the UK by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
© 2026 DWS Investments UK Limited 
 
In Hong Kong, this document is issued by DWS Investments Hong Kong Limited. The content of this document has not been reviewed by the 
Securities and Futures Commission. 
© 2026 DWS Investments Hong Kong Limited 
 
In Singapore, this document is issued by DWS Investments Singapore Limited. The content of this document has not been reviewed by the Mone-
tary Authority of Singapore. 
© 2026 DWS Investments Singapore Limited 
 
In Australia, this document is issued by DWS Investments Australia Limited (ABN: 52 074 599 401) (AFSL 499640). The content of this document 
has not been reviewed by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
© 2026 DWS Investments Australia Limited 
 
For institutional / professional investors in Taiwan: 
This document is distributed to professional investors only and not others. Investing involves risk. The value of an investment and the income from 
it will fluctuate and investors may not get back the principal invested. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. This is a marketing 
communication. It is for informational purposes only. This document does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold any security and shall not be deemed an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security. The views and opinions expressed herein, 
which are subject to change without notice, are those of the issuer or its affiliated companies at the time of publication. Certain data used are 
derived from various sources believed to be reliable, but the accuracy or completeness of the data is not guaranteed and no liability is assumed 
for any direct or consequential losses arising from their use. The duplication, publication, extraction or transmission of the contents, irrespective 
of the form, is not permitted. 
 
 
 
 
as of 9/10/26; 104640_18 (9/2026) 
