  
 
FUNDAMENTAL 
EQUITY 
QUARTERLY 
Q4 2026 
 
 
THIS EDITION’S HIGHLIGHTS 
Marketing materials for professional investors only, not for onward distribution. 
P3 
 
Introduction: Kees Verbaas, Head of 
Fundamental Equities 
P8 
Interview with Natalie Falkman, Portfolio 
Manager for the Circular Economy strategy  
Competing narratives around bond market volatility aren’t 
making it any easier for asset allocators, but we believe the 
investment thesis for global equities remains intact.  
 
CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL ARTICLE 
In this wide-ranging interview Natalie reﬂects on her personal 
investment journey and why economics is driving companies to 
apply circular solutions. 
CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL ARTICLE 
 

 
2 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
THIS EDITION’S HIGHLIGHTS 
 
 
P10
Trip notes: London   
P11 
Where we differ from the market: 
Argentina  
Equity analyst Rodrigo Baptista attended a recent London 
industrials conference where the focus was on the AI buildout 
and automation. The macroeconomic and geopolitical backdrop 
is not reassuring for every segment though.   
CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL ARTICLE 
Argentina’s intense economic reform process is on track and the 
ﬁnancial and energy sectors offer compelling risk-reward, says 
João Giesta, analyst in Robeco’s EM equities team. 
CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL ARTICLE 
 
TOP 3 EM EQUITY MARKETS YEAR TO DATE  
+95.53% 
+69.31% 
+42.28% 
MSCI KOREA 
MSCI TAIWAN 
MSCI COLOMBIA 
Despite a sell-off in July, AI-powered Korea 
still leads the emerging markets pack. USD 
price return year-to 28 September 2026. 
Taiwan is close behind its North Asian peer 
Korea, driven by the same AI build-out 
demand driver. USD price return year-to 28 
September 2026. 
Colombia equities have beneﬁted from 
peso appreciation vs the USD and a right-
wing political swing. USD price return 
year-to 28 September 2026. 
TOP 3 DM EQUITY MARKETS YEAR TO DATE 
+28.03% 
+24.52% 
+20.46% 
MSCI AUSTRIA  
MSCI NORWAY 
MSCI SINGAPORE 
Financials and energy have 
underpinned Austria, augmented by a 
sprinkling of AI stardust. USD price 
return year-to 28 September 2026. 
Europe’s energy giant has had a strong 
year, beneﬁting from high oil and gas 
prices. USD price return year-to 28 
September 2026. 
Singapore equities have beneﬁted 
from AI exposure and safe haven 
ﬂows from Indonesia. USD price 
return year-to 28 September 2026. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The value of your investment may ﬂuctuate. 

 
 
CONTENTS 
INTRODUCTION |  Kees Verbaas, Head of Fundamental Equities 
Introduction                       3 
Developed markets           4 
 
Emerging markets             6 
 
Interview: Natalie Falkman 8        
 
Trip notes: London             10       
 
Where we differ  
from the market                 11 
 
Sustainable investing        12 
 
Stunning statistic               13 
 
 
Parallel worlds 
 
In ﬁnancial markets, there are often two competing narratives to consider. What we face at the 
moment is of a different order – two seemingly parallel worlds.  
 
First, the positive world. The global economy is growing fast, driven by extraordinary innovation and 
technological progress. An industrial revolution is taking place and its impact is everywhere, as are 
the related investment opportunities. This structural background is validated by economic data 
which reﬂect an accelerating transformation with US manufacturing running hot, emerging markets 
contributing an ever-increasing proportion of global growth and wealth, and even struggling 
economies like Germany showing signs of recovery. From a bottom-up perspective, record high 
proﬁt margins are fueling broad-based earnings momentum, and well-run companies with good 
visibility can be found in every corner of global markets. In short, a golden age for equities 
sustained by real economic activity. The recent monetary tightening in the US, Europe and Japan 
reﬂects a desire to temper any inﬂationary consequences. 
 
However, at precisely the same time we are in a world sometimes described as an “omnicrisis” or a 
“perfect storm” with bond markets selling off as governments grapple with large and growing debt 
loads, political strife, US-China trade dislocation, and an energy crisis caused by two major wars. 
As credit conditions tighten, asset markets look vulnerable as reﬁnancing gigantic global debt 
loads becomes more and more diﬃcult. Moreover, the AI boom is driving inﬂation in energy and 
hard assets while encouraging rampant borrowing, crowding out government debt-raising, which is 
pushing up yields even further. A fragile ediﬁce.    
 
We tend towards the positive viewpoint. Earnings growth, still healthy liquidity and several forms of 
stimulus going into the US mid-term elections are the overriding factors for a constructive outlook, 
while being cognizant that the risks are very real, and building. 
 
We are endeavoring to present a balanced and constructive perspective in this equity quarterly. As 
well as the DM outlook from Tom Globe and the EM outlook from Wim-Hein Pals, we visit London, 
Argentina and many points in between. Also included is an interview with Natalie Falkman, our 
Zurich-based portfolio manager of Robeco’s Circular Economy, one of our thematic equity 
strategies. 
 
Kees Verbaas 
 

 
4 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
f
 
 
Markets seem increasingly prone to moving rapidly through 
something akin to the ﬁve stages of grief whenever a new shock 
emerges. Initial alarm ultimately gives way to acceptance, albeit 
via an uneven path, and markets resume their seemingly 
inexorable climb higher, disregarding ongoing uncertainties with 
little more than the occasional passing comment while 
refocusing on the positives.  
 
A genuine wall of worry 
Which gets us to the current point in time: another war in the 
Middle East that, despite numerous claims to the contrary, has 
not been resolved quickly, resulting in the most disruptive event 
for energy markets in recent history. This is on top of an ongoing 
war on the fringes of Europe, erratic foreign policy from the US, 
inﬂation rearing its head once again, and central banks that are 
now having to assert some degree of control. Nevertheless, 
despite what most would agree to be a concerning backdrop, 
markets keep making new highs.  
 
The only way is up?  
So with all the apparent negativity, why are markets so strong? 
What should be reassuring is that the rally is heavily earnings-
based: the S&P earnings forecasts for the year range from mid 
20s to high 30s, with expectations for mid-teens growth in 2027, 
and the consensus for the STOXX is high single-digit. While it is 
undeniable that AI infrastructure spend remains the dominant 
driver of earnings, there is a degree of breadth demonstrated by 
a recovery in industrial production.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Stronger demand from manufacturing/infrastructure spend is 
driving earnings growth outside of technology. We are also 
seeing this reﬂected in market moves, with the Mag 7 overall 
now being less dominant than they have been in previous years.  
 
Pre-election jitters despite the year-3 track record  
It is hard to ignore the looming US midterms. Historically, 
markets have performed well after midterms due to greater 
visibility; however US politics feel particularly combative and 
there is the consideration that, leading up to November, 
President Trump has to keep one eye on public perception.  
 
Once we’re through that and past the ﬁnal public vote, the fact 
that President Trump cannot seek a third term raises questions 
about what comes next for policy – from tariffs to the Iran war – 
and what further escalation in the Middle East would mean for 
global energy markets and inﬂation.  
 
Current expectation is that the Republicans lose the House but 
retain the Senate, as the Senate would require a much bigger 
swing for Democrat control. So, with that as a base case – and 
putting aside key-man risk – historically the third year of a 
Presidential term has the highest average returns (see Figure 2 
overleaf) and the best odds of positive returns. With a divided 
government, political gridlock could take some of the focus off 
politics and bring fundamentals back to the forefront. 
 
 
DEVELOPED MARKETS OUTLOOK 
Thomas Globe, Portfolio Manager 
Resilience rather than 
euphoria  
Despite multiple risk factors including the upcoming US midterm 
elections, we still believe equities have momentum but careful 
positioning is required, and investors should consider sector 
exposure beyond the powerful AI trade sooner rather than later.  

 
5 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
DEVELOPED MARKETS OUTLOOK 
 “The momentum trade is not the only 
option out there” 
 
Positioning for a strong but nervous market 
The base case for equities is still for further moves up, albeit 
with volatility as the market continues to process concerns. The 
overhangs going into the ﬁnal quarter of what has been a broadly 
positive year are familiar: geopolitics looks set to remain a focus 
and inevitably AI will be a topic of discussion. The market has 
taken setbacks in its stride so far. The shift from expectations of 
rate cuts to rate hikes in the US, and a ‘higher for longer’ outlook 
in Europe, has done little to dampen enthusiasm. The US 
midterms appear likely to have little direct impact, at least in the 
near term, while S&P earnings are climbing  at a pace not seen in 
over a decade.  
 
Figure 1: MSCI US momentum relative to S&P Equal Weight 
 
Source: Bloomberg, year to 20 August 2026 
 
While momentum names had a mixed start to the third quarter, 
with a particularly weak July, the reversion has already started, 
with a notable bounce through the remainder of the period taking  
 
us into the ﬁnal quarter. This setup suggests a continuation of 
what now appears to be the norm: strong, yet nervous, markets 
that are susceptible to ﬂash rotations. Provided earnings 
continue on their current trajectory, there are no major 
hyperscaler capex shocks, and there is no signiﬁcant escalation 
in the Iran war – although ‘signiﬁcant escalation’ is now very 
open to interpretation following the events in Q3 – it is hard to 
see what will derail markets in the short term. 
 
As we look further ahead into 2027 we face a number of 
unknowns in the form of potential further rate hikes in both the 
US and Europe, more abrupt changes to US foreign policy, and 
market attitudes towards valuation. However, so far this has not 
dampened market enthusiasm. When you set that against a 
backdrop of expectations of high earnings growth for 2027, it’s 
hard to feel overly pessimistic about the coming 12 months, with 
the caveat that sector rotations can be swift and unforgiving. 
 
Despite how it may feel, the AI/momentum trade is not the only 
option. While certain sectors remain beaten up, there is still 
plenty of growth elsewhere, and even with the momentum trade 
rebounding, the market has more breadth than it did earlier in the 
year. It is also worth noting that performance of high free-cash-
ﬂow-yielding companies has continued through the July rotation 
and into subsequent months, suggesting that the market isn’t 
just split into binary options of AI or not AI.  
 
 
1.28
1.08
0.90
1.00
1.10
1.20
1.30
01/01/2026
01/02/2026
01/03/2026
01/04/2026
01/05/2026
01/06/2026
01/07/2026
01/08/2026
Figure 2:  Historic stock market returns and the election cycle  
  
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The value of your investment may ﬂuctuate. 
Source: Haver Analytics, Fidelity Investments. Average S&P 500 12-month return November to November since 1950.   
    
8.3%
4.9%
14.5%
9.1%
28.0%
37.0%
33.0%
32.0%
-45%
-35%
-25%
-15%
-5%
5%
15%
25%
35%
45%
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
12-month return
Election-cycle year
Average S&P 500 12-month return
Maximum
Minimum

 
6 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
 
If we go back to the start of 2023 and compare the 
performances of the MSCI EM with MSCI World until today, the 
total returns in both regions are in line. In less than four years 
and in both categories, you would have doubled your money in 
USD. More recently, emerging markets have substantially 
outperformed their developed peers. From the start of 2025 to 
the end of August 2026, the total return of the MSCI EM has been 
double its developed equivalent (MSCI World).1 Is this strong 
performance, both from an absolute and relative point of view, 
sustainable in the near future? To answer this question, we focus 
on the earnings per share in EM. In this context we look at both 
the numerator (earnings) as well as the denominator (number of 
shares), since dilution can signiﬁcantly distort the picture from 
an EPS point of view. 
 
The numerator: EM earnings growth 
Emerging markets’ earnings have undergone a remarkable 
breakout, with USD EPS growing at a 20% CAGR since April 2024 
(see Figure 4). Earnings growth has exceeded expectations by 
the widest margin since 2000, while the market is forecasting a 
43 percentage points earnings growth advantage for EM over DM 
in 2026. Earnings revisions also remain supportive. 
By now the earnings growth story is well-known, but broader 
than the ‘Semi3’, Taiwan Semiconductor (TSMC), Samsung 
Electronics and SK Hynix.2 If we zoom into Korea’s recent 
earnings record, it is remarkable that its EPS estimates have 
been upgraded by 40% (vs. EM EPS seeing 10%). There are also 
signs of broadening of strength beyond technology/memory 
companies into non-tech sectors, such as energy, healthcare, 
 
1 MSCI EM at 162.82 vs 132.29 for MSCI World, USD net return based to 100, 
from 1 January 2025 to 31 August 2026 
2 The companies shown here are for illustrative purposes only. No inference 
can be made on the future development of the company. This is not a buy, 
sell, or hold recommendation.  
industrials, consumer staples and ﬁnancials. Market leadership 
is expected to gradually shift from memory-driven EPS revisions 
toward improved shareholder returns and broader-sector EPS 
recovery. While a lot of focus is on the tech parts of Korea, there 
has been a steady pickup in Korea non-tech return on equity 
(ROE), catching up toward the non-tech parts of broad EM. 
Undoubtedly ‘Value-Up’ has contributed to this trend over the last 
few years, as illustrated in Figure 3. 
 
Figure 3: Return on Equity in non-tech sectors, Korea versus EM 
 
Source: IBES, MSCI, Datastream, UBS. 
 
-2.0%
0.0%
2.0%
4.0%
6.0%
8.0%
10.0%
12.0%
14.0%
16.0%
18.0%
Q4 2015
Q2 2016
Q4 2016
Q2 2017
Q4 2017
Q2 2018
Q4 2018
Q2 2019
Q4 2019
Q2 2020
Q4 2020
Q2 2021
Q4 2021
Q2 2022
Q4 2022
Q2 2023
Q4 2023
Q2 2024
Q4 2024
Q2 2025
Q4 2025
Korea non-tech ROE
EM non-tech ROE
EMERGING MARKETS OUTLOOK 
Wim-Hein Pals, Portfolio Manager 
Earnings are what matters for EM 
The risk factors for emerging markets are very much the same as for developed markets, like 
geopolitics. That leaves earnings as the major comparator for investors aiming to calibrate 
their exposure, and by that measure, EM is justifying the hype. 

 
7 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
EMERGING MARKETS OUTLOOK 
“We have seen a structural shift in net 
issuance, leading to lower earnings 
dilution” 
In general, the outperformance of EM has been driven by its 
robust earnings growth, supported by both top-line growth and 
EBITDA growth. As expected, much of the outperformance came 
from IT, led by Korea and Taiwan, though strength has 
broadened. Emerging Asia remained the regional leader, while 
Latin America and EMEA also exceeded expectations, helped by 
strong results in the energy sector, as geopolitical tensions 
tightened crude and reﬁned-product supply. India reported 
better-than-expected earnings as well, with management teams 
citing resilient domestic demand. In China, the innovation 
complex (AI ecosystem, healthcare) grew strongly, while 
domestic demand exposed areas stayed soft. 
 
Looking ahead to the earnings revisions, we also see broader 
strength, as gains extended beyond IT to energy, materials, 
healthcare, and ﬁnancials (the second-largest sector in EM). The 
earnings-revisions ratio is near a ﬁve-year high in EM, and has 
risen from 0.87 to 1.03, according to data from Bank of America.  
 
The denominator: the number of shares in EM 
The expected earnings pool is one thing; earnings per share is 
another issue, and that was a signiﬁcant headwind for EM in the 
period 2014-2024. Over the last two years, we have seen the 
increasing strategic importance of share buybacks in EM as a 
means of enhancing shareholder returns and a cushion against 
the drag from dilution in EM equities. Despite 5% compound 
annual growth in total earnings over the last 15 years (in USD), 
EPS growth over the corresponding period has been ﬂat. More 
recently, we have seen a structural shift in net issuance, leading 
to lower earnings dilution. 
 
Buybacks in vogue* 
Multiple large-scale buybacks have been announced this year. 
For example, SK Hynix announced a USD 30 billion buyback and 
cancelation program, one of the largest shareholder-return 
programs ever announced in Korea. Worth noting is the 
company's apparent willingness to move beyond its previous 
‘less than 50% of free cashﬂow’ framework toward a far more 
aggressive return policy. The company is expected to pursue 
additional shareholder returns given expectations of record FCF 
generation over the next few years. Samsung Electronics 
formally announced the long-awaited shareholder return policy, 
where it plans to pay a USD 20 billion special dividend and 
guides for a USD 70 billion shareholder return over 2024-2026E. 
 
It is not only some memory companies that are causing the 
change. China has also rolled out market reforms aimed at 
strengthening the governance guardrails in their equity markets 
and protecting investor interests. Latin American markets with 
longstanding listings in the US are already accustomed to DM-
like institutional eﬃciency in ﬁnancial markets. Improving 
governance, positioned as value-unlock initiatives and ultimately 
margin-accretive, is one of the key elements supporting the 
argument for a larger allocation to EM equities. To conclude, the 
combination of robust earnings execution on the one hand and 
the broadening of large share-buyback programs on the other, is 
a very powerful one. It structurally supports the outlook for EM 
equities. 
 
 
Figure 4: Aggregate earnings estimates suggest 2027 is set to be another year of higher earnings growth in EM than DM 
Source: MSCI, IBES, 30 July 2026. 
14.0%
0.3%
7.0%
2.5%
9.7%
12.6%
24.6%
17.6%
15.1%
13.1%
22.0%
64.8%
19.6%
10.5%
13.2%
14.9%
16.4%
23.9%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
60.0%
70.0%
US
EU
Japan
China
DM
EM
% earnings growth
2025
2026e
2027e
*The companies named on this page are for illustrative purposes only. 
No inference can be made on the future development of the company. 
These are not buy, sell or hold recommendations. 

 
8 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
 
INTERVIEW 
Natalie Falkman, Portfolio Manager  
“The strategy’s  
mid- and small-cap  
focus is a true differentiator” 
Natalie Falkman is senior portfolio manager for Robeco’s Circular Economy strategy. Here she 
reﬂects on her personal investment journey and why economics is driving companies to apply 
circular solutions. 
What originally got you into investing? 
Investing in equities is almost a national sport in Sweden. Some 
blame the high taxes for the fact that the horse track and the 
stock market are among the few places still left to get rich. My 
ﬁrst investment was in high school and, unsurprisingly, it was in 
the Swedish telco equipment and mobile phone maker, Ericsson3 
(a tech stock darling at the time). I opened an account with the 
Swedish Young Shareholders' Association, a cheap way to buy 
and sell stocks. It was thrilling trying to understand as well as 
constantly track the performance variables of the companies 
that were eating all my pocket money. I’ve been hooked ever 
since. 
 
What makes a good stock?  
A good stock, for me, is one I can see myself owning for a long 
time – a business that gets better as it grows, not just bigger. 
Good management is an outsized part of that. I am no expert in 
running any of the businesses I own, so when I invest in a 
company, I invest just as much in the people who run it. They 
shape the culture, and that matters a great deal for long-term 
success. That's why I like founder-led businesses, not empire 
builders. 
 
 
 
 
 
3 The companies named on this page are for illustrative purposes only. No 
inference can be made on the future development of the company. These are 
not buy, sell or hold recommendations. 
 
What’s your biggest lesson learned over the years?  
Get comfortable with being uncomfortable. That includes asking 
questions – even when you appear to be the dumbest person in 
the room. Not asking can get expensive. 
 
To many, the circular economy may seem like a niche theme. 
How do you ﬁnd the breadth to keep up with broader markets? 
The circular economy is a theme, but it’s neither niche nor 
narrow. At its core, circularity is about eﬃciency – getting more 
out of less in every process, in every part of the economy. The 
earlier in the value chain it’s applied, the bigger the impact. As a 
result, the theme runs through every sector and region globally, 
and that is where the breadth comes from. 
 
Why would an investor choose Circular Economy over other 
ecological or environmentally themed strategies?   
The Circular Economy strategy’s mid- and small-cap focus is a 
true differentiator compared with many global products, 
including both regular global funds and environmental strategies. 
We have also shown that we can adapt and seize opportunities 
as they appear. This year, an important source of alpha4 has 
been AI-bottleneck companies, many of them in Asia, while in 
2022 – with Covid lockdowns still in place – the strategy had a 
clear defensive tilt. The strategy is broad, ﬂexible and truly active; 
we are not governed by the large weights in global indices. 
 
4  Alpha refers to the excess return of an investment relative to a benchmark 
index and is a measure of performance.  
 

 
9 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
INTERVIEW 
Natalie Falkman, Portfolio Manager Position 
“Sometimes the hardest part of a great 
investment is simply holding on to it” 
Lastly, I strongly believe the thematic lens works to our 
advantage. It strengthens our selection process by pointing us to 
companies that bring real value to their customers. Those are 
the companies that can proﬁtably outgrow GDP over time. 
 
What are the key structural trends driving demand for circular 
economy solutions?  
Many mistakenly assume top-down regulation is a driver, but 
economics is actually a far more powerful incentive.  
Being circular is the same as being smart and proactive. For 
example, in a world where resources are scarce and supply 
chains are regularly disrupted, recycling materials simply makes 
business sense. So, the move toward circularity is driven by 
companies themselves, striving to become more eﬃcient, save 
money and build resilient supply chains. 
 
How have you overcome concentrated market leadership, ﬁrst 
from megacaps and more recently from the AI trade?  
A market driven by a handful of stocks is probably the toughest 
environment there is for a diversiﬁed, mid-cap-focused strategy 
like ours. During the years when the Magniﬁcent Seven 
dominated, we still beneﬁted from strong stock selection outside 
that limited cohort. Understandably, relative returns lagged the 
MSCI World somewhat, but we were largely in line with, or ahead 
of, the global categories. 
 
Fortunately, this year, market narrowing has been driven by a few 
themes rather than a few stocks. The AI trade is also broadening 
and our breadth of coverage across market caps, regions and 
sectors has meant we could embrace it rather than skirt around 
it. Early in the year, the AI enablers were companies showing 
exceptional proﬁt growth at reasonable valuations. We leaned 
into that and beneﬁted as the market gained conﬁdence in their 
earnings strength. 
 
Toward the end of H1, however, the AI theme was running hot. 
As investors grew more enthusiastic, they cared less about 
valuations and the risks that narrow positioning brings. 
Not every AI company is worthy of investment, but AI demand is 
real, spreading, and delivering eﬃciency and innovation. That 
presents excellent opportunities for balanced exposure between 
AI enablers and AI adopters beyond the tech sector. 
 
At the end of the day, we stay active but we also stay true to the 
theme. That combination keeps us adaptive, yet disciplined on 
the fundamental criteria a holding must meet to make it into the 
portfolio. 
What’s been your best investment ever?   
I tend to remember the worst but those also count toward 
lessons learned. One positive instance that springs to mind is my 
purchase of Nvidia* well before it became part of the 
Magniﬁcent Seven. At the time it was largely a gaming company, 
but the pivot toward accelerated computing had begun, and the 
potential of GPUs beyond graphics was becoming visible. 
Management is always part of my thesis, and here it was central: 
a founder-led business, with Jensen Huang seeing the shift years 
before the market did. I sold too early. Sometimes the hardest 
part of a great investment is simply holding on to it. 
 
 
If you could meet any historical ﬁgure who inﬂuenced the 
ﬁnancial world, who would it be and what would you ask? 
Howard Marks's book, ‘The Most Important Thing’, is instructive, 
as it challenges investors to go beyond consensus thinking, and 
consider second-level effects of trends or events. It also stresses 
the trap of human emotions that sometimes sabotage good 
investing. I still read his memos, which are great at cutting 
through the noise and distilling what really matters. If we met, I’d 
like to know how he tells the difference between being early and 
being wrong real-time, not in hindsight. 
 
*The companies named on this page are for illustrative purposes 
only. No inference can be made on the future development of the 
company. These are not buy, sell or hold recommendations. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
10 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
London might not be the most exotic travel destination, but there 
is hardly a better location to meet investors and top executives 
from all corners of the world. Once home to the ﬁrst industrial 
boom that helped shape the industrialized world as we know it, it 
is only ﬁtting that it recently hosted leading companies in the 
Morgan Stanley Industrials Unplugged CEOs conference, the 
largest annual European Industrials event.  
 
Through the ﬁrst eight months of the year, the European 
Industrials sector remained largely in line with the broader 
European market, with the +12.9% performance of the MSCI 
European Industrials index being only a modest 70 bps above the 
broader MSCI Europe index.5 But below the surface, the year has 
hardly been uneventful, with the Iran war, trade policy, and AI 
momentum each taking its turn in driving risk sentiment and 
diverging performances across the different subsectors.  
 
Conﬁdence in the AI buildout 
It was no surprise that AI infrastructure continued to dominate 
attention at the conference, and companies across the data 
center supply chain had no issue in ﬁlling meeting rooms. The 
clear stand-out theme across multiple companies is that the 
data center buildout trend continues at full speed. Companies in 
electricals and power equipment now see backlogs extending 
beyond 2030, with, so far, no impact from the recent heightened 
local and political backlash against data center construction.  
 
The debate over the shift to the more power-eﬃcient 800VDC 
architecture has lost prominence, and equipment suppliers are 
now preparing for a phased transition involving both a side-car 
(at ﬁrst, a decentralized 800VDC conversion next to the racks, 
preserving the existing AC data center) and a Solid State 
Transformer (centralized, which converts power to 800VDC at 
facility-scale, thus redesigning the data center power backbone), 
rather than an immediate paradigm shift. 
 
However, management teams are conscious of the potential 
cyclicality of this buildout. Despite still comfortable lead times 
 
5 Year to date performance MSCI Europe Industrials vs. MSCI Europe, 31 
August 2026. 
and (so far) reliable supply chains, they are planning capacity 
additions carefully, as well as devoting more attention to building 
a stronger service network. The demand picture for power 
infrastructure is clearly positive, as hyperscalers and utilities 
rush to secure capacity, whether through backup and prime 
power engines, gas turbines, battery storage systems or, on a 
longer horizon, nuclear SMRs.  
 
Caution in other industrial segments 
If electrical and power suppliers are increasingly conﬁdent, the 
mood across shorter-cycle industrials was more cautious. With 
overall economic growth not evenly distributed to different 
industries, higher rates, fuel prices and geopolitical instability 
continue to take a toll on consumer and business conﬁdence, 
and corporates remain cautious over near-term prospects.  
 
This is particularly true for the auto sector. Multiple headwinds 
are affecting end-customer demand, as seen in China where, 
despite a surge in auto exports, car output is expected to have 
fallen -7% YoY due to faltering domestic demand. Tiremakers 
are, however, beneﬁting from an accelerating tailwind in 
electriﬁcation, as it steadily increases the proportion of high-
value tires in the sales mix. 
 
In the commercial space, while the truck cycle has accelerated 
across both the US and Europe, it has been largely replacement-
driven, and commentary across most OEMs and tire makers 
highlighted uncertainty on the cycle duration, and the outlook for 
new orders in 2027.  
 
Industrial Automation has shown pockets of growth and was at 
the center of discussion in multiple sessions, with physical AI 
promising to automate workﬂows, expedite processes, and help 
deal with industry-wide labor shortages. Aerospace and Defense 
companies transmitted a positive message in the midst of 
budget uncertainty. Mining equipment players also remained 
positive, seeing brown and greenﬁeld investments supported by 
higher metals prices. 
TRIP NOTES 
Rodrigo Baptista, Equity Analyst 
London calling for 
industrials majors 
The long-term industrials picture is one of rapid 
innovation, spurred by the AI buildout and 
automation. The optimism is not present in every 
segment though, given the macroeconomic and 
geopolitical backdrop.   

 
11 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
Twin surplus status for Milei 
In less than three years, President Milei’s government has 
delivered an exceptionally large ﬁscal shock of around 5% of 
GDP, cut inﬂation from close to 300% y/y to current levels of 
around 34%, approved a ﬂagship incentive regime for large 
investments (RIGI) that is boosting investments in the oil, gas 
and mining sectors, as well as other microeconomic reforms and 
deregulation. At the same time, thanks to a surging trade surplus 
on the back of oil, gas, and grain exports, Argentina is now 
projected to run a current account surplus and has been able to 
accumulate reserves at a strong pace since the beginning of 
2026.  
 
Argentina is also on track to run a ﬁscal surplus for the third 
consecutive year. It will be the only G20 country to run twin 
surpluses in 2026. We believe the combination of high oil prices 
and a well-addressed external debt payment schedule going into 
next year will place Argentina in a more robust position to 
withstand FX shocks going into 2027.  
 
In that context, after almost a decade of zero exposure, we 
decided to add positions in the country. We are particularly 
constructive on the banking and energy sectors.   
 
Banks 
We see a virtuous cycle unfolding: the replenishment of reserves 
and decreasing inﬂation are leading to stronger conﬁdence and 
increasing demand for the Argentine peso (ARS). The steady ARS 
has helped tame inﬂation given the high pass-through in 
Argentina. In this benign environment, interest rate volatility is 
decreasing, credit growth is accelerating, and capital markets are 
expanding. Credit growth and ﬁnancial deepening are leading to 
further investments, economic dynamism and growth. This is 
underpinned by attractive valuations, with banks trading at book 
values below 1.5x, reﬂecting relative stress rather than optimism. 
 
Energy 
The combination of supportive oil prices, world-class execution, 
competitive costs, ﬁscal incentives with higher regulatory 
predictability stemming from RIGI, increasing worldwide demand 
for gas and energy, and attractive valuations, make the Argentine 
oil and gas companies an interesting way to gain exposure to the 
sector. That is best reﬂected in the pace of production growth in 
Vaca Muerta, a shale formation in northern Patagonia. 
 
 
Figure 5: Argentina oil and gas production by source (Kbpd) 
 
Source: Morgan Stanley, 2026 
 
2027 will be a pivotal year 
The main risk to our view would be a change in government at 
the October 2027 election and a subsequent return to past 
policies associated with macroeconomic instability and chronic 
inﬂation. We are closely watching President Milei’s approval 
rating, the inﬂation rate and the sluggish growth in labor-
intensive sectors including manufacturing and construction.   
 
We believe the market is currently overestimating risks, 
especially for companies related to the domestic economy, given 
Argentina’s robust position to withstand external shocks and the 
apparent unwillingness of the Argentines to go back to these 
past policies: President Milei’s approval rating is around 38%, 
only slightly lower than at the midterm congressional elections, 
where his party La Libertad Avanza won 41% of the vote versus 
31% for the Peronist coalition. A strong sign supporting the 
thesis. 
 
We, therefore, view those perceived risks as buenas 
oportunidades. 
 
 
WHERE WE DIFFER FROM THE MARKET 
Argentina: Reform progress is real 
Argentina’s intense economic reform process is on track and we believe the ﬁnancial and energy 
sectors offer compelling risk-reward, says João Giesta, analyst in Robeco’s EM equities team. 

 
12 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
 
Governance and AI were proxy voting targets in H1 2026. 
The 2026 proxy season has highlighted the rapid evolution of 
shareholder rights and corporate governance priorities. Annual 
general meetings are a direct platform where investors can seek 
accountability and potentially inﬂuence decision-making, but the 
issues debated, and how investors exercise their rights, continue 
to differ markedly across regions. 
 
US: AI and exec pay front and center 
In the US, regulatory developments and a wider backlash against 
environmental and social initiatives led to a signiﬁcant fall in 
shareholder proposals. Environmental and social resolutions 
reached their lowest levels for several years, reﬂecting a more 
cautious stance among proponents and a changing regulatory 
environment. Nevertheless, shareholder proposals remain an 
important mechanism for highlighting material business risks. 
The focus is increasingly shifting toward governance, 
accountability and risk management, including the responsible 
development and use of AI. 
 
Executive remuneration was another deﬁning issue. Particularly 
in the technology sector, companies sought shareholder 
approval for large incentive arrangements intended to reward 
exceptional growth and performance. While boards may argue 
that such awards are needed to attract and retain talent, we 
remain concerned about the risks created by highly leveraged, 
upside-only pay structures. Meanwhile, European companies 
continued to adapt remuneration frameworks in response to an 
increasingly global market for executive talent. 
 
Climate strategies under scrutiny in Europe 
Climate remained prominent in Europe, although the debate 
evolved. Rather than concentrating solely on emissions-
reduction targets, investors increasingly sought clarity on the 
long-term proﬁtability and ﬁnancial consequences of capital-
allocation decisions linked to climate strategies. This reﬂects a 
broader demand for companies to explain how their climate 
ambitions support value creation or mitigate risk. 
 
Asia: Value up 
In Asia, the potential for governance reform to unlock 
shareholder value is starting to manifest. Regulators, stock 
exchanges and investors in markets including Japan and South 
Korea continued to press for stronger governance, higher 
shareholder returns, simpler corporate structures, more effective 
boards and improved capital management. Progress elsewhere 
was less consistent, underlining the reality that governance 
standards and shareholder rights are advancing at different 
speeds across regions. 
 
Why stewardship matters 
Against this regional backdrop, we believe that proxy voting 
remains one of the most effective tools available to protect long-
term shareholder interests. Our voting policy is designed to help 
clients meet their investment objectives by supporting our 
investment thesis. In practical terms, voting helps protect 
minority shareholders while holding companies accountable for 
their management of long-term risks and opportunities. 
 
Walking the walk 
During the ﬁrst half of 2026, we voted at 4,633 meetings, 
covering 51,863 agenda items. We voted against at least one 
management proposal at 59% of meetings, broadly in line with 
the previous year. Our support for environmental and social 
shareholder proposals declined, partly because of a higher 
proportion of anti-ESG resolutions and partly because some 
proposals did not make a meaningful contribution to long-term 
sustainable value creation.  
 
A wave of high-proﬁle stock market debuts has also raised 
concerns over unusual governance arrangements that limit 
shareholder rights. However, regulators have been relaxing listing 
rules, amid a shortage of new IPOs coming to the market, rather 
than seeking to strengthen them, making shareholder 
engagement even more vital.  
SUSTAINABILITY 
Active ownership: 
Alive and kicking 
The 2026 US proxy season saw smaller shareholders’ 
inﬂuence diminish. By contrast, reforms in markets such 
as South Korea are aimed at distributing inﬂuence more 
broadly among shareholders, says Michiel van Esch, Head 
of Voting at Robeco. 

 
13 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly 02/2023 
STUNNING STATISTICS 
 
Bond issuance bonanza 
The 2026 rise in bond yields could partially reﬂect record issuance, with governments’ 
and companies’ gross bond market borrowing projected at USD 29 trillion in 2026, 
according to the OECD. The expected 2026 issuance is 6% higher than in 2025, more 
than double the amount of issuance ten years ago.  
Corporate bond issuance is likely to reach an estimated USD 6.8 trillion, dwarﬁng a 
projected ~USD 1 trillion in global Equity Capital Market (ECM) issuance. The ECM 
projection depends on a continued pipeline of large deals before the end of the year, 
including the prospective Anthropic IPO. First half ECM volume was USD 729 billion, up 
73% vs. H1 2025, according to Dealogic.  
 
Source: OECD (2026), Global Debt Report 2026: Sustaining Debt Market Resilience Under Growing 
Pressure, OECD Publishing, Paris. 
For more stunning statistics, scan for the Robeco Thematic Equities team’s Daily 
Sketch here 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
14 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
 
Important information – Capital at risk  
This information refers only to general information about 
Robeco Holding B.V. and/or its related, aﬃliated and 
subsidiary companies (“Robeco”), Robeco's approach, 
strategies and capabilities. This is a marketing 
communication solely intended for professional investors, 
deﬁned as investors qualifying as professional clients, who 
have requested to be treated as professional clients or who 
are authorized to receive such information under any 
applicable laws. Unless otherwise stated, the data and 
information reported is sourced from Robeco, is, to the best 
knowledge of Robeco, accurate at the time of publication and 
comes without any warranties of any kind. Any opinion 
expressed is solely Robeco’s opinion, it is not a factual 
statement, and is subject to change, and in no way 
constitutes investment advice. This document is intended 
only to provide an overview of Robeco's approach and 
strategies. It is not a substitute for a prospectus or any other 
legal document concerning any speciﬁc ﬁnancial instrument. 
The data, information, and opinions contained herein do not 
constitute and, under no circumstances, may be construed as 
an offer or an invitation or a recommendation to make 
investments or divestments or a solicitation to buy, sell, hold 
or subscribe for ﬁnancial instruments or as ﬁnancial, legal, 
tax, or investment research advice or as an invitation or to 
make any other use of it. All rights relating to the information 
in this document are and will remain the property of Robeco. 
This document may not be copied or used with the public. No 
part of this document may be reproduced or published in any 
form or by any means without Robeco's prior written 
permission. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. has 
a license as manager of UCITS and AIFs of the Netherlands 
Authority for the Financial Markets in Amsterdam.  
  
Parts of the marketing material may involve the use of AI-
assisted tools to support the creation and review of 
marketing materials. These tools are designed to help ensure 
greater consistency and eﬃciency. All outcomes are reviewed 
by human evaluators.  
  
Australia  
This document is distributed in Australia by Robeco Hong 
Kong Limited (“RHK”) (ARBN 156 512 659). RHK is exempt 
from the requirement to hold an Australian ﬁnancial services 
license under section 911A(2)(ep) of the Corporations Act 
2001 (Cth) in respect of the ﬁnancial services it provides. 
RHK may only provide ﬁnancial services to wholesale clients 
under that exemption. RHK is regulated by the Securities and 
Futures Commission under the laws of Hong Kong, which 
may differ from Australian laws. This document is distributed 
only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the 
Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). It is not intended for distribution 
or dissemination, directly or indirectly, to any other class of 
persons. This document is not intended for public distribution 
in Australia.  
 
Hong Kong  
This document is issued by Robeco Hong Kong Limited, 
which is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures 
Commission (“SFC”). The contents of this document have not 
been reviewed by the SFC. Investment involves risks. This 
information does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation 
of an offer to buy, or a recommendation for any security.  
 
New Zealand  
In New Zealand, this document is only available to “wholesale 
investors” within the meaning of clause 3(2) of Schedule 1 of 
the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (‘FMCA’). This 
document is issued by Robeco Hong Kong Limited which 
does not have a place of business in New Zealand. 
  
Singapore  
This information is for informational purposes only and 
should not be construed as an offer to sell or an invitation to 
buy any securities or products, nor as investment advice or 
recommendation. The contents of this document have not 
been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore 
(“MAS”). Robeco Singapore Private Limited holds a capital 
markets services licence for fund management issued by the 
MAS and is subject to certain clientele restrictions under 
such licence. An investment will involve a high degree of risk, 
and you should consider carefully whether an investment is 
suitable for you.  
 
Switzerland  
Robeco Switzerland Ltd is licensed by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority FINMA as a manager of 
collective assets. 
  
United Kingdom  
This information is provided by Robeco Institutional Asset 
Management UK Limited, 30 Fenchurch Street, Part Level 8, 
London EC3M 3BD, registered in England no.15362605. 
Robeco Institutional Asset Management UK Limited is 
authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA – Reference No: 1007814).  
 
US  
This document may be distributed in the US by Robeco 
Institutional Asset Management US, Inc. (“Robeco US”), an 
investment adviser registered with the US Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). Such registration should not be 
interpreted as an endorsement or approval of Robeco US by 
the SEC. Robeco B.V. is considered “participating aﬃliate” and 
some of their employees are “associated persons” of Robeco 
US as per relevant SEC no-action guidance. Employees 
identiﬁed as associated persons of Robeco US perform 
activities directly or indirectly related to the investment 
advisory services provided by Robeco US. In those situations, 
these individuals are deemed to be acting on behalf of 
Robeco US. SEC regulations are applicable only to clients, 
prospects and investors of Robeco US. Robeco US is wholly 
owned subsidiary of ORIX Corporation Europe N.V. (“ORIX”), a 
Dutch Investment Management Firm located in Rotterdam, 
the Netherlands. Robeco US is located at 90 Park Avenue, 
21st Floor, New York, NY 10016.  
  
© Q2/2026 Robeco  
  
 
 
 

 
15 
Robeco  |  Fundamental Equity Quarterly Q4 2026 
 
MSCI: 
The MSCI information may only be used for your internal use, 
may not be reproduced or redisseminated in any form and 
may not be used as a basis for or a component of any 
ﬁnancial instruments or products or indices. None of the 
MSCI information is intended to constitute investment advice 
or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any 
kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. 
Historical data and analysis should not be taken as an 
indication or guarantee of any future performance analysis, 
forecast or prediction. The MSCI information is provided on 
an "as is" basis and the user of this information assumes the 
entire risk of any use made of this information. MSCI, each of 
its aﬃliates and each other person involved in or related to 
compiling, computing or creating any MSCI information 
(collectively, the "MSCI Parties") expressly disclaims all 
warranties (including, without limitation, any warranties of 
originality, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, non-
infringement, merchantability and ﬁtness for a particular 
purpose) with respect to this information. Without limiting 
any of the foregoing, in no event shall any MSCI Party have 
any liability for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, 
punitive, consequential (including, without limitation, lost 
proﬁts) or any other damages. (www.msci.com) 
 
Bloomberg: 
The following are trademarks and service marks of 
Bloomberg Finance L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, or its 
subsidiaries: BLOOMBERG, BLOOMBERG ANYWHERE, 
BLOOMBERG MARKETS, BLOOMBERG NEWS, BLOOMBERG 
PROFESSIONAL, BLOOMBERG TERMINAL and 
BLOOMBERG.COM: Absence of any trademark or service 
mark from this list does not waive Bloomberg's intellectual 
property rights in that name, mark or logo. All rights reserved. 
 
© Q2/2026 Robeco 

 
 
 
Please visit the Robeco website 
for more information 
