 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Coffee Break
Coffee Break is our daily publication, offering topical  
insights as an intellectual ingot to start the day. 
US labour market: not too hot, not too cold 
2 October 2026 
The US labour market is in a good spot, with both demand and supply factors 
pointing to a continuation of the “low hire, low fire” environment. Wage 
disinflation amid high productivity growth is unlikely to provide reassurance 
to the Fed about a timely return of inflation to target. 
US LABOUR MARKET IN EQUILIBRIUM 
THOUSANDS AND % 
 
Source: BLS, The Investment Institute by UniCredit 
THE CONTEXT 
 
Today’s US labour-market report will be closely scrutinised by financial markets. Following a large upside surprise in 
August non-farm payrolls (NFP) and better-than-expected PMIs, retail sales and durable good reports, investors have 
started to flirt with the idea that the US economy may be moving beyond simple resilience to higher energy prices 
and geopolitical uncertainty, and into a phase of outright growth acceleration. This is not our baseline scenario, and 
we expect employment growth to have slowed meaningfully in September, to about 60k payrolls. We suspect that 
the August jump in employment partly reflected temporary factors, including an outsized increase in government 
payrolls, which is unlikely to have been repeated last month, and probably some issues related to seasonal 
adjustment. A significant upside surprise today could reinforce the re-acceleration narrative at a time when the 
tracking estimate of US GDP growth for 3Q26 is drifting higher and looking strong.   
3.0
3.2
3.4
3.6
3.8
4.0
4.2
4.4
4.6
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
Jun-22
Apr-23
Feb-24
Dec-24
Oct-25
Aug-26
Private payrolls (3mma change, thou.)
Unemployment rate (%, rs)
FOMC equilibrium unemployment rate (%, rs)

 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
2 October 2026
2
THE DATA 
Assessing the underlying strength of the US labour market poses challenges, considering the 
high volatility of employment data over recent months as well as frequent, and large, revisions 
to earlier data. Our chart shows a smoothed series for growth in private payrolls and the 
unemployment rate compared to the FOMC’s estimated long-run rate of 4.2%. The picture that 
emerges is one of broad equilibrium.   
Payrolls growth in the private sector has only averaged about 50k over the last two years, 
marking a meaningful deceleration from the hiring spree that characterised the early phases 
of the post-pandemic reopening of the economy. At the same time, however, the 
unemployment rate has stabilised at just above 4% amid declining labour-force participation.  
Survey-based and other labour-market indicators generally point to a mixed picture for new 
hiring and no evidence of accelerated firing – if anything, initial jobless claims are trending 
down and are at multi-year lows.  
In this environment, nominal wages are on a slowing trajectory, with average hourly earnings 
rising at an annual pace of just above 3%. This is a far cry lower from 2022, when post-
pandemic frictions pushed wage growth well above 5%.   
OUR VIEW 
The US labour market is in a good spot, not too hot and not too cold. The reduced pace of new 
hiring reflects a combination of factors both on the demand and the supply side.  
On the demand side, a slower pace of employment growth seems to mainly reflect 
normalisation following the post-pandemic hiring spree. The role of AI is not clear cut, but it 
might be contributing to the weakness in new hiring through two channels. The first one is 
more direct and is at play in information services and, probably, the financial sector. The former 
has been shedding jobs since 2023, while the latter has started to witness a decline in payrolls 
this year. The second, indirect channel is at work when massive investments in AI make firms 
cautious about their hiring plans. While this effect might be materialising in a broader range 
of sectors, it should be weighed against the boost to hiring in industries that participate in the 
buildup of the AI infrastructure. The overall effect of AI on labour demand is not clear at this 
stage, but we would not be surprised it if were somewhat negative. On the supply side, tighter 
immigration policies and adverse demographic trends are contributing to the low hiring 
intensity of GDP growth, which is probably here to stay.  
In this context, wage growth has remained on a moderating trend for some time. Combined 
with strong productivity growth, nominal wage gains in the 3-3.5% area indicate a limited risk 
of second-round effects from the energy shock and appear broadly consistent with inflation 
returning towards target over time. However, policymakers are cautious about treating wages 
as a leading indicator of inflation, as recently argued by Fed Chair Kevin Warsh at Jackson Hole. 
In Warsh’s view, moderating wage growth should therefore be interpreted mainly as evidence 
that post-pandemic labour-market overheating has faded rather than as a reliable signal about 
future disinflation. The jury is still out on this one. But given the troublesome stickiness of core 
services inflation (excluding housing) in recent years and the increased frequency of negative 
supply-side shocks hitting the global economy, the Fed is right on erring on the side of caution.  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
2 October 2026
3
OTHER THINGS TO NOTE 
Eurozone inflation likely accelerated in September 
We forecast a strong acceleration in eurozone headline inflation for September, to 3.8% yoy 
from 3.2%. Most of the acceleration is likely to have been driven by energy prices. Core inflation 
probably rose as well, to 2.6% yoy from 2.4%. 
French government unveils the 2027 budget bill 
Yesterday, Prime Minister Sébastien Lecornu presented the 2027 budget bill to the Council of 
Ministers, confirming the government's intention to reduce the fiscal deficit to 5.0% of GDP in 
2027 from an estimated 5.4% in 2026. Speaking before the National Assembly, Amélie de 
Montchalin, former Minister for Public Accounts and current President of the High Council of 
Public Finances (HCFP), questioned the method used by the government to calculate the 
structural fiscal effort underpinning the budget. Her remarks support our earlier view (see our 
Short View – France: Lecornu sets the stage for autumn budget showdown) that the widely 
publicised EUR 54bn adjustment overstates the underlying consolidation effort. The latter is 
likely to be EUR 28bn, or around 0.8-0.9% of GDP, implying an improvement in the structural 
balance of roughly 0.5% of GDP – “a minimum” in light of the substantial consolidation 
required to put the country’s public finances on a more sustainable footing (T. Bucco). 
TODAY’S DATA RELEASES 
Time (CET) Country 
Data 
Period UniCredit 
Consensus Previous 
11:00 
EZ 
Core inflation (% yoy) 
Sep  
2.6 
2.5 
2.4 
11:00 
EZ 
Consumer price index (% yoy) 
Sep  
3.8 
3.5 
3.2 
14:30 
US 
Average hourly earnings (% mom) 
Sep 
0.3 
0.3 
0.3 
14:30 
US 
Unemployment rate (%) 
Sep 
4.1 
4.1 
4.1 
14:30 
US 
Nonfarm 
payrolls 
(change 
in 
thousands mom) 
Sep 
60 
100 
162 
Source: Bloomberg, The Investment Institute by UniCredit 
 
Author 
Marco Valli, Head of Macroeconomic Analysis and Chief Economist (UniCredit, Milan), marco.valli@unicredit.eu  
Editors 
 Edoardo Campanella, Director and Editor-in-Chief of The Investment Institute (UniCredit, Milan)  
 edoardo.campanella@unicredit.eu 
 Francesco Maria Di Bella, FI Strategist (UniCredit, Milan), francescomaria.dibella@unicredit.eu  
UniCredit S.p.A 
 The Investment Institute by UniCredit, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 4, I-20154 Milan 
 www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
2 October 2026
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Legal Notices 
Glossary 
Terms used in the report are available on our website: Our glossary 
Marketing Communication 
This publication/video constitutes a marketing communication of UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit Bank Austria AG, Schoellerbank AG and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “UniCredit Group”) is addressed to the general public and is provided free of 
charge for information only. It does not constitute investment recommendation or consultancy activity by the UniCredit Group or, even 
less, an offer to the public of any kind nor an invitation to buy or sell securities. The information contained herein does not constitute an 
investment research or financial analysis since, in addition to the lack of content, it has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
UniCredit Group, including all its group companies may have a specific interest in relation to the issuers, financial instruments or 
transactions detailed herein. Relevant disclosures of interests and positions held by UniCredit Group are available at: Conflicts of interest 
Any estimates and/or assessments contained in this publication represent the independent opinion of the UniCredit Group and, like all 
the information contained therein, are given in good faith on the basis of the data available at the date of publication, taken from reliable 
sources, but having a purely indicative value and subject to change at any time after publication, on the completeness, correctness and 
truthfulness of which the UniCredit Group makes no guarantees and assumes no responsibility. Interested parties must therefore carry 
out their own investment assessments in a completely autonomous and independent manner, relying exclusively on their own 
considerations of the market conditions and the information available overall, also in line with their risk profile and economic situation. 
Investment involves risk. Before any transaction in financial instruments please refer to the relevant offering documents. It should also 
be noted that:  
1. Information relating to the past performance of a financial instrument, index or investment service is not indicative of future results. 
2. If the investment is denominated in a currency other than the investor’s currency, the value of the investment can fluctuate strongly 
according to changes in exchange rates and have an undesirable effect on the profitability of the investment. 
3. Investments that offer high returns can undergo significant price fluctuations following any downgrading of creditworthiness. In the 
event of bankruptcy of the issuer, the investor may lose the entire capital. 
4. High volatility investments can be subject to sudden and significant decreases in value, being able to generate significant losses at 
the time of sale up to the entire capital invested. 
5. In the presence of extraordinary events, it may be difficult for the investor to sell or liquidate certain investments or obtain reliable 
information on their value. 
6. If the information refers to a specific tax treatment, it should be noted that the tax treatment depends on the individual situation of 
the customer and may be subject to change in the future. 
7. If the information refers to future results, it should be noted that they do not constitute a reliable indicator of these results. 
8. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss.  
The UniCredit Group cannot in any way be held responsible for facts and/or damages that may arise to anyone from the use of this 
document, including, but not limited to, damages due to losses, lost earnings or unrealised savings. The contents of the publication – 
including data, news, information, images, graphics, drawings, brands, and domain names – are owned by the UniCredit Group unless 
otherwise indicated, covered by copyright and by the industrial property law. No license or right of use is granted and therefore it is not 
allowed to reproduce its contents, in whole or in part, on any medium, copy them, publish them and use them for commercial purposes 
without prior written authorisation from UniCredit Group unless if purposes of personal use only. E 25/1 
