30 September 2026
The bank
for a changing
world
EL NIÑO 2026–2027: MULTIPLE PRESSURES ON PRICES AND SUPPLIES
Hélène Drouot
The 2026–2027 El Niño climate event is expected to be one of the most intense in the last fifty years, with sea-surface-temperature 
anomalies potentially exceeding +3°C in the equatorial Pacific. According to the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO), El Niño 
is expected to persist until February 2027, with asymmetrical effects, as South-East Asia and northern Latin America will experience 
droughts, while southern Brazil and Argentina could see heavy rainfall. Above all, El Niño is compounding the effects of global warming 
and exacerbating existing extreme-weather events (droughts, floods and heatwaves). The economic effects of this climate shock mainly 
play out through three avenues: agricultural commodity prices, energy and logistics (see heatmap).
Agricultural commodity prices: volatility is causing tensions, with inflationary effects
In India and South-East Asia, droughts will affect harvests, pushing up prices (particularly for coffee, cocoa, rice and palm oil). Conversely, in 
southern Brazil and Argentina, heavy rainfall will boost soya and maize production, putting downward pressure on prices. According to the IMF, 
El Niño causes global food prices to rise by between 5% (in a typical episode) and 8% (very high intensity) year-on-year, with the full impact being 
felt 6 to 12 months after the climatic peak.
Therefore, for a given country, the weighting of food in its inflation index (CPI) plays a decisive role. As a result, all other things being equal, an 8% 
rise in prices adds around 1 pp to inflation when food accounts for 13% of the CPI basket (average for countries shown in green on the heatmap), 
1.8 pp when this share reaches 22% (yellow), 2.8 pp at 35% (orange) and nearly 4 pp above 49% (red).
The risks are skewed to the upside, as the 8% estimate does not take into account additional losses linked to droughts, floods and other extre-
me events, while policy responses to shocks (stockpiling by importers and increased export restrictions) may amplify and prolong price pres-
sures. The rice market between 2023 and 2024 illustrates this well, as the combination of rice-export restrictions imposed by India in July 2023 
(in order to protect its domestic market) and of the drought in South-East Asia contributed to a 30% average increase in the price of rice over the 
course of 2023 and kept global prices high for several months after the end of the El Niño episode.
Energy production sector: heavy reliance on hydroelectricity leaves the sector vulnerable to a second supply shock
Droughts will reduce hydroelectric power generation in Latin America and South-East Asia. As a result, some countries will have to turn to other, 
more expensive solutions, such as fossil fuels, against a backdrop of already high oil and gas prices. This shift will increase global demand for 
oil and put pressure on prices which, according to the IMF, could persist for up to four quarters after the initial El Niño shock. For example, 
in Colombia, where hydropower accounts for 55% of electricity generation, a 30% drop in output (already seen in 2023–2024) could increase the 
cost of electricity generation by 15 to 20% (assuming that the cost of thermal power generation is twice as high as hydropower). In Ecuador (where 
hydropower accounts for 70% of electricity generation) and Vietnam (30%), electricity shortages are likely to disrupt local industries.
SOURCE: IMF, WORLD BANK, EMBER, BNP PARIBAS CALCULATIONS 
Vulnerabilities differ, depending on a country’s dependence on food, energy and logistics
Bolivia
Brazil
Colombia
Ecuador
Mexico
Peru
China
India
Indonesia
Malaysia
Thailand
The 
Philippines
Viet nam
Egypt
Ghana
Nigeria
South 
Africa
Czech Rep.
Hungary
Poland
Slovakia
Slovenia
Eurozone
France
Germany
italy
Spain
United 
kingdom
Canada
United 
States
Food prices exposure
Electricity prices 
exposure
Logistics performance 
index
Exposition : 
Low (score 0-2)
Moderate (score 2-5)
High (score 5-7)
Very High (score 7-10)
North America
Europe
Latin America and Caribbean
Asia
Africa
Reading note: Scores are standardised on a scale of 0 to 10 for ease of comparison between countries and supply channels.
- Food vulnerability: based on the weight of food in the CPI.
- Energy vulnerability: based on the share of hydropower in electricity generation. 
- Logistics vulnerability: the ‘Trade and transport-related infrastructure’ component of the World Bank’s Logistics Perfor-
mance Index, which measures the quality of the infrastructure required for transport and international trade. 

2
The bank for 
a changing 
world
Chart of the Week / 30 September 2026
economic-research.bnpparibas.com
Logistics: transport infrastructure is another point of vulnerability
The final channel relates to disruptions to freight transport against a backdrop of already weakened value chains. The variable used in our 
heatmap is a proxy for economies’ abilities to absorb a shock (particularly a climate-related one) affecting their transport infrastructure (for 
example, by maintaining traffic flow, diverting or reorganising transport flows). The heatmap highlights the particularly high vulnerability 
of Latin America. Its capacity to absorb a logistics shock is relatively limited, and there is significant exposure at a strategic chokepoint, the 
Panama Canal, through which approximately 5% of global trade passes. Low rainfall in the canal basin has already led to the number of 
daily transits being reduced in September 2026 (as in 2023–2024); further restrictions are expected in October (to 29 transits per day, down 
from 36 in August), which will increase transport times and costs. Europe is also being affected, with low water levels on the Rhine and the 
Danube already disrupting river transport and electricity generation.
Latin America and South-East Asia are hit hardest
Therefore, the economies most at risk are not necessarily those that will suffer the greatest climate shock, but those where multiple trans-
mission channels converge, including a high weighting of food prices in inflation, reliance on hydroelectricity, fragile transport infrastructure 
and limited fiscal room for manoeuvre. Latin America and South-East Asia are home to some of the most vulnerable countries, particularly 
due to their dependence on food prices and hydroelectricity. Colombia and Ecuador are noteworthy for their high exposure to energy risk, 
while Ghana, India and the Philippines are some of the economies most vulnerable to a food shock. Latin America faces a combination of 
vulnerabilities, such as high exposure to food and energy price shocks in some countries, which are compounded by logistics risks, as currently 
illustrated by the restrictions on traffic through the Panama Canal.
helene.drouot@bnpparibas.com
References :
2015 IMF Working Paper 15/89, “Fair Weather or Foul? The Macroeconomic Effects of El Niño,” by Paul Cashin, Kamiar Mohaddes, and Mehdi 
Raissi
Callahan, C. W., & Mankin, J. S. (2023). Persistent economic impacts of El Niño events. Science Advances, 9(20)
World Meteorological Organisation. (2026). “El Niño is expected to reach very strong intensity, increasing the risk of extreme weather events 
until 2027“

The bank for 
a changing 
world
GROUP ECONOMIC RESEARCH
The information and opinions contained in this document have been obtained from, or are based 
on, public sources believed to be reliable, but there is no guarantee of the accuracy, comple-
teness or fitness for any particular purpose of such information and such information may not 
have been independently verified by BNPP or by any person. None of BNPP, any of its subsidiary 
undertakings or affiliates or its members, directors, officers, agents or employees accepts any 
responsibility or liability whatsoever or makes any representation or warranty, express or im-
plied, as to the accuracy and completeness of the information or any opinions based thereon 
and contained in this document and it should not be relied upon as such. This document does 
not constitute research, as defined under MIFID II, or form any part of any offer to sell or issue 
and is not a solicitation of any offer to purchase any financial instrument, nor shall it or any 
part of it nor the fact of its distribution form the basis of, or be relied on, in connection with 
any contract or investment decision. Information and opinions contained in this document are 
published for the information of recipients, but are not to be relied upon as authoritative or 
taken in substitution for the exercise of judgment by any recipient, are subject to change without 
notice. In providing this document, BNPP does not offer investment, financial, legal, tax or any 
other type of advice to, nor has any fiduciary duties towards, recipients. Any reference to past 
performance is not indicative of future performance, which may be better or worse than prior 
results. Any hypothetical, past performance simulations are the result of estimates made by 
BNPP, as of a given moment, on the basis of parameters, market conditions, and historical data 
selected by BNPP, and should not be used as guidance, in any way, of future performance. To 
the fullest extent permitted by law, no BNPP group company accepts any liability whatsoever 
(including in negligence) for any direct or consequential loss arising from any use of or reliance 
on material contained in this document even when advised of the possibility of such losses. All 
estimates and opinions included in this document are made as of the date of this document. Un-
less otherwise indicated in this document there is no intention to update this document. BNPP 
may make a market in, or may, as principal or agent, buy or sell securities of any issuer or person 
mentioned in this document or derivatives thereon. Prices, yields and other similar information 
included in this document are included for information purposes however numerous factors will 
affect market pricing at any particular time, such information may be subject to rapid change 
and there is no certainty that transactions could be executed at any specified price. BNPP may 
have a financial interest in any issuer or person mentioned in this document, including a long 
or short position in their securities and/or options, futures or other derivative instruments based 
thereon, or vice versa. BNPP, including its officers and employees may serve or have served as 
an officer, director or in an advisory capacity for any person mentioned in this document. BNPP 
may, from time to time, solicit, perform or have performed investment banking, underwriting 
or other services (including acting as adviser, manager, underwriter or lender) within the last 
12 months for any person referred to in this document. BNPP may be a party to an agreement 
with any person relating to the production of this document. BNPP may to the extent permitted 
by law, have acted upon or used the information contained herein or in the document, or the 
analysis on which it was based, before the document was published. BNPP may receive or 
intend to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next three months from or 
in relation to any person mentioned in this document. Any person mentioned in this document 
may have been provided with relevant sections of this document prior to its publication in order 
to verify its factual accuracy. 
This document was produced by a BNPP group company. This document is for the use of in-
tended recipients and may not be reproduced (in whole or in part) or delivered or transmitted 
to any other person without the prior written consent of BNPP. By accepting or accessing this 
document you agree to this.
BNP Paribas is a société anonyme incorporated in France, licensed and supervised as a credit 
institution by the European Central Bank (ECB) and as an investment services provider by the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (ACPR) and Autorité des marches financiers 
(AMF), and having its registered office at 16, boulevard des Italiens, 75009 Paris, France. 
Some or all of the information contained in this document may already have been published on 
 . 
For country-specific disclaimers (United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Germany, Belgium, 
Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, Brazil, Turkey, Israel, Bahrain, South 
Africa, Australia, China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore, South Korea, 
Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam) please type the following URL to access the applicable legal notices: 
 
© BNP Paribas (2026). All rights reserved.
Published by BNP PARIBAS Economic Research
Head office: 16 boulevard des Italiens – 75009 Paris France 
www.group.bnpparibas – www.economic-research.bnpparibas.com 
Head of publication: Jean Lemierre / Chief editor: Isabelle Mateos y Lago
Copyright image: Rahul Sapra
Subscribe to our publications:
Recent economic and policy developments, data comments, economic 
calendar, forecasts
Data releases, major economic events
Analyses and forecasts with a focus on developed and emerging 
economies.
MACROWAVES
Our economic podcast
Easy-to-read monthly overview of inflation dynamics
Structural or thematic topics
What is the key event of the month? 
You will find the answer in our economy broadcast.
The key economic figures for France and major European economies
A weekly chart highlighting points of interest in the world economy
SUBSCRIBE ON OUR WEBSITE
see the Economic Research website
FOLLOW US ON LINKEDIN
see the Economic Research linkedin page
OR TWITTER
see the Economic Research Twitter page
&
HOW TO RECEIVE OUR PUBLICATIONS
