30 S 
International Trade Balance
 
PNC Economics Research 
30 September 2026 
August Goods Trade Deficit Rose to the Largest 
Gap Outside the Early-2025 Trade Surge 
Headlines 
 
The international trade goods deficit widened 12% in August as goods imports 
increased more than exports. 
 
Goods imports increased broadly in August, led by a 17% surge in industrial 
supplies. Higher crude oil prices and continued strength in business 
investment contributed to the gain. 
 
Both imports and exports of consumer goods dropped, with exports falling a 
sharp 11%. 
 
Total goods exports rose 2% in August, ending a three-month streak of 
declines. 
 
Ongoing AI-related investment and data center construction are expected to 
sustain strong demand for imported capital goods while consumers stay 
cautious. 
Details
The U.S. goods trade deficit widened 12% to $132.6 
billion in August, seasonally adjusted, from $118.9 
billion in July (revised slightly from $118.8). This was 
the largest goods trade deficit outside the tariff-
driven surge in early 2025. The August deficit was 
substantially larger than expected. The goods trade 
gap climbed to a record $158.7 billion in March 2025 
as importers accelerated purchases ahead of tariff 
increases from the Trump administration but then 
narrowed in the following months. The renewed 
widening in August reflected a 6% increase in 
imports that outpaced a 2% rise in exports. 
On a year-over-year basis, goods exports increased 
15% in August, while goods imports rose an even 
stronger 28%. As a result, the August goods trade 
deficit was 56% larger than a year earlier. 
On a monthly basis, goods imports increased 
broadly in August, led by a 17% surge in industrial 
supplies. Consumer goods were the only major 
category to decline, falling 2% from July. Notably, 
imports of industrial supplies and capital goods 
were substantially higher than a year earlier, rising 
nearly 27% and 57%, respectively. The gains were 
supported by a 4% increase in average crude oil 
prices during August and continued strength in 
business investment, particularly in technology and 
data center equipment. 
Imports of foods, feeds, and beverages rose 6% in 
August, contrasting with a 6% decline in exports. 
Elevated energy costs appear to have weighed on 
consumers, contributing to declines in both imports 
Ershang Liang
ershang.liang@pnc.com 
PNC Economics 
economics@pnc.com 

 
International Trade Balance
 
PNC Economics Research 
30 September 2026 
and exports of consumer goods. Consumer goods 
exports fell more sharply, down 11%. 
Despite higher tariffs on automobiles, auto imports 
increased 0.9% on the month and were 3% higher 
than a year earlier. Consistent with Bureau of 
Economic Analysis data showing motor vehicle 
sales near 17.0 million units in August, auto imports 
have rebounded from their lows earlier in 2026, 
although they remained below the levels in early 
2025. In contrast, auto exports fell sharply, declining 
7% on the month and 2% from a year earlier. 
Total goods exports rose 2% in August, ending a 
three-month streak of declines. An 8% increase in 
industrial supplies exports and a 2% gain in capital 
goods exports led growth. Exports in most other 
categories fell, including an 11% drop in consumer 
goods exports. Despite recent volatility, annual 
export growth has remained solid, supported in part 
by higher commodity prices. Industrial supplies 
exports increased more than 30% from a year 
earlier, making the largest contribution to overall 
export growth. By comparison, consumer goods and 
auto exports declined 4% and 2%, respectively, on a 
year-over-year basis, pointing to relatively softer 
foreign consumer demand. 
Recent volatility in commodity prices, particularly 
for metals, agricultural products, and crude oil, has 
contributed to significant fluctuations in the nominal 
goods trade deficit. At the same time, U.S. industrial 
activity has strengthened considerably in 2026, 
contrasting with the more gradual recoveries 
underway in the eurozone and China, as reflected in 
purchasing managers' surveys. Looking ahead, 
continued swings in commodity prices are likely to 
drive further volatility in the trade balance. Softer 
consumer spending growth should temper demand 
for imported consumer goods relative to last year, 
while ongoing AI-related investment and data 
center construction are expected to sustain strong 
demand for imported capital goods through the 
remainder of 2026, providing continued support for 
overall U.S. goods imports. 
 
Figure 1: U.S. goods trade balance ($bn, SA)
  
 
Figure 2: U.S. goods imports and goods exports 
($bn, SA)
 
'05
'07
'09
'11
'13
'15
'17
'19
'21
'23
'25
-180
-160
-140
-120
-100
-80
-60
-40
-20
0
Sources: Census, PNC
$bn
'05
'07
'09
'11
'13
'15
'17
'19
'21
'23
'25
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
Imports
Exports
Sources: Census, PNC
$bn

 
International Trade Balance
 
PNC Economics Research 
30 September 2026 
Disclosures 
The material presented and the views expressed herein are of a general nature and do not constitute the provision of 
investment or economic advice to any person, or a recommendation of any particular securities, ﬁnancial instruments, 
strategies or banking services. Opinions and forecasts expressed herein are subject to change without notice. Relevant 
information was obtained from sources deemed reliable. Such information is not guaranteed as to its accuracy. You should 
seek the advice of an investment professional to tailor a ﬁnancial plan to your needs. 
Forward-looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over 
time. Future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and 
uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
made. We do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements. Actual 
results or future events could differ, possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, as well as 
from historical performance. As a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. 
“PNC” is a registered mark of The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. 
© 2026 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved. 
