WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
Michael Gibbs, Managing Director, Lead Portfolio Manager | (901) 579-4346 | michael.gibbs@raymondjames.com
Joey Madere, CFA | (901) 529-5331 | joey.madere@raymondjames.com
Richard Sewell, CFA | (901) 524-4194 | richard.sewell@raymondjames.com
Mitch Clayton, CMT, Senior Technical Analyst | (901) 579-4812 | mitch.clayton@raymondjames.com
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026 | 4:08 PM EDT
Weekly Market Guide
The S&P 500 index has largely grinded sideways for the last two months, weathering the impact of higher oil prices and
interest rates. Beneath the surface, the effects have been more acute with the “average stock” down -6% from August highs
and small caps down -8%. The interest-sensitive Utilities and Real Estate sectors are -16% and -10% off their highs, along with
Consumer sectors down ~10%. On the flip side, Big Tech has led the way through the market consternation and is trading at highs.
Health Care and Energy have also acted as leadership. This highlights the continued rotational nature of underlying performance
this year, along with the importance of diversification as we navigate the ever-evolving macro environment.
Oil and interest rates remain top-of-mind for investors, as their elevated levels and rate of change can impact economic
(and market) momentum. Importantly, the economy remains resilient (buoyed by the capex boom) and is, in part, a reason
for higher yields. For example, nominal GDP of 6.3% y/y is still ahead of the 5.3% 10-year yield and 4% Fed funds rate. Additionally,
long-term inflation breakevens are anchored at ~2.5%. Corporate credit spreads are very narrow, though there has been some
pressure in the higher-yield (more fragile) areas of the credit market. Overall, oil and interest rates remain headwinds in the short-
term. The higher and longer they go, the more impactful those headwinds become. Positively, earnings trends are strong and
supportive of current market trends. And if we get a reprieve in oil prices, it may take some heat off of inflationary concerns,
the Fed, and bond yields-> in turn, providing relief to equities (likely favoring “the average stock”).
There will be no Weekly Market Guide next week, set to resume on October 14th, due to travel schedules. We apologize for any
inconvenience.
 
RAYMOND JAMES INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT: 880 CARILLON PARKWAY | ST. PETERSBURG FLORIDA 33716

Rotational Market
While the S&P 500 has largely grinded sideways for the past several 
weeks, performance under the hood has been much different.  
Positively, the market continues to favor rotation rather than outright 
withdrawals.  That said, the market is being held up recently by a 
declining number of stocks- Tech has been the outright leader, along 
with Energy and Health Care acting as defensive leadership. 
Rotation is a hallmark of a healthy bull market, as well as an 
important reminder of the value of diversification. 
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Equal-Weighted 
S&P 500
Tech
S&P 500
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 2 OF 9

Weakening Participation
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
S&P 500
% of Stocks Above 50 DMA
% of Stocks Above 200 DMA
Index % From
Sector
% Above % Above 52 Week High
Technology
62
65
-0.3%
Health Care
52
68
-3.0%
Energy
29
52
-5.5%
Comm. Services
22
30
-6.3%
Materials
8
36
-7.7%
Financials
4
45
-7.8%
Consumer Staples
18
27
-9.2%
Industrials
22
40
-9.6%
Real Estate
0
25
-9.6%
Cons. Discretionary
13
26
-10.3%
Utilities
3
3
-16.7%
S&P 500
25
42
-1.3%
200 DMA
Sector Trends and Moving Averages
50 DMA
While the S&P 500 remains steady near highs, the 
percentage of stocks above their 50- and 200-day 
moving averages has declined in recent weeks to 
25% and 42% respectively.  The interest-sensitive 
Utilities and Real Estate sectors, along with the 
Consumer sectors and Industrials, are down 9% or 
more from their highs. 
We view this as a function of the rotational market 
but would like to see these underlying trends firm up 
soon- particularly as numerous areas are now 
oversold within uptrends. 
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 3 OF 9

Higher Rates Pressuring “Average Stock”
The recent bout of weakness in the “average stock” is due to higher rates and oil prices.  As you can see, relative performance for the 
equal-weighted S&P 500 has declined rapidly since August 25th when rates began their rapid ascent.  As noted previously, many areas 
are now approaching oversold conditions within an uptrend.  If bond yields can stop (or stall) their climb, there could be rotation back into 
these under-pressure areas.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Equal-Weighted 
S&P 500
S&P 500 Industry Group
Beta (3Yr) Since 8/25/26
Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment
2.08
9.6%
Technology Hardware & Equipment
1.16
7.8%
Software & Services
1.08
5.2%
Media & Entertainment
1.19
5.2%
Energy
0.41
0.6%
S&P 500
1.00
0.2%
Automobiles & Components
2.14
-0.8%
Pharmaceuticals Biotechnology & Life Sciences
0.47
-1.7%
Household & Personal Products
0.14
-3.0%
Consumer Staples Distribution & Retail
0.41
-3.5%
Capital Goods
0.99
-4.5%
Consumer Discretionary Distribution & Retail
1.15
-5.7%
Health Care Equipment & Services
0.42
-6.0%
Food Beverage & Tobacco
0.08
-6.3%
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)
0.51
-7.7%
Consumer Durables & Apparel
0.95
-7.8%
Banks
0.96
-7.8%
Materials
0.79
-8.0%
Financial Services
0.82
-8.1%
Insurance
0.32
-8.2%
Utilities
0.35
-8.4%
Telecommunications Services
0.06
-9.5%
Commercial & Professional Services
0.46
-10.1%
Transportation
0.91
-10.3%
Consumer Services
0.86
-13.8%
Relative 
Performance 
vs. S&P 500
US 10 Year 
Yield
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 4 OF 9

Oil, Bond Yields, and Valuation
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
WTI Oil and 
10Yr Yield
S&P 500
Continue to watch oil prices and interest rates for market 
influences in the near-term- and their relationship has been clear 
this year, as higher oil impacts inflation, Fed expectations, and 
bond yields.  
Recently, there has been a short-term divergence where oil has 
consolidated a bit without 10-year yields moving down.  If rates 
can subside, we may see some relief in equities. 
10-Year Yield
S&P 500 P/E 
(Equal-Weighted)
Short-term 
divergence 
emerging
Inverse 
correlation
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 5 OF 9

Fundamental Strength
High oil prices and bond yields are headwinds to valuation 
multiples- and if it were not for exceptional fundamental strength 
(buoyed by the AI/Capex boom), equities would probably be under 
a bit more pressure than we have seen.  Positively, the earnings 
backdrop remains strong and supportive of equities extending their 
uptrend over the next 12 months. 
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
33%
13%
15%
Earnings are the Long-Term 
Driver of Equities
Price
Earnings
P/E
S&P 500 YTD
Exceptional growth with 
continued upward revisions
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 6 OF 9

Credit Spreads
Despite the recent concerns and pressures (i.e. geopolitical, oil, rates, AI), investment-grade corporate credit spreads remain narrow- 
indicating a lack of stress/concern on balance sheets.  This is supportive of the underlying, longer-term backdrop.  That said, the higher 
and longer rates (and oil) rise, the more pressure it applies (in particular to the more fragile areas).  We need to keep an eye on the high-
yield credit market, where spreads have risen a bit lately.  This indicates the market is beginning to charge a higher premium for low-
quality balance sheets and refinancing/default risk.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Investment-Grade Corporate 
Credit Spreads: narrow
High-Yield Credit Spreads: rising 
a bit (albeit still low overall)
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 7 OF 9

WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
IMPORTANT INVESTOR DISCLOSURES
Gibbs Capital Management, a division of Eagle Asset Management ( Eagle) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Raymond James Investment management.
All expressions of opinion in the foregoing reflect the judgment of Gibbs Capital Management and are subject to change without notice. Information in this report has been
obtained from sources considered reliable, but we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only and
should not be used or construed as investment advice or a recommendation regarding the purchase or sale of any security outside of a managed account. This should not be
considered forward looking and does not guarantee the future performance of any investment.
It is important to review the investment objectives, risk tolerance, tax objectives and liquidity needs before choosing an investment style or manager. All investments carry a
certain degree of risk, including loss. There is no assurance that any strategy will be successful, and no one particular investment style or manager is suitable for all types of
investors. Indices are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index would incur fees and expenses which would reduce
returns. Asset allocation and diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
Sector investments are companies engaged in business related to a specific sector. They are subject to fierce competition and their products and services may be subject to
rapid obsolescence. There are additional risks associated with investing in an individual sector, including limited diversification.
Commodities and currencies investing are generally considered speculative because of the significant potential for investment loss. Their markets are likely to be volatile and
there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising.
Links to third-party websites are being provided for informational purposes only. Gibbs Capital Management is not affiliated with and does not endorse, authorize, or sponsor
any of the listed websites or their respective sponsors. Gibbs Capital Management is not responsible for the content of any third-party website or the collection or use of
information regarding any websites users and/or members.
Index Definitions
The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks that is generally considered representative of the U.S. stock market.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the NASDAQ.
The NASDAQ Composite is a stock market index of the common stocks and similar securities listed on the NASDAQ stock market.
The MSCI World All Cap Index captures large, mid, small and micro-cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries. With 11,732 constituents, the index is
comprehensive, covering approximately 99% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
The MSCI EAFE (Europe, Australasia, and Far East) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure developed market equity performance,
excluding the United States & Canada. The EAFE consists of the country indices of 21 developed nations.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance in 23 emerging market countries. The index's three largest industries are materials,
energy, and banks.
The Russell 2000 index is an index measuring the performance of approximately 2,000 smallest-cap American companies in the Russell 3000 Index, which is made up of 3,000
of the largest U.S. stocks.
The NYSE Alerian MLP is the leading gauge of energy infrastructure Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs). The capped, float-adjusted, capitalization-weighted index, whose
constituents earn the majority of their cash flow from midstream activities involving energy commodities, is disseminated real-time on a price-return basis (AMZ) and on a
total-return basis (AMZX).
The Barclays Intermediate Government/Credit Bond index measures the performance of U.S. Dollar denominated U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment grade
U.S. corporate securities that have a remaining maturity of greater than one year and less than ten years.
 
PAGE 8 OF 9

WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
The Euro Stoxx 50 Index is a market capitalization weighted stock index of 50 large, blue-chip European companies operating within Eurozone nations. Components are
selected from the Euro STOXX Index which includes large-, mid- and small-cap stocks in the Eurozone.
The China CSI 300 is a capitalization-weighted stock market index designed to replicate the performance of top 300 stocks traded in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock
exchanges. It had a sub-indexes CSI 100 Index and CSI 200 Index.
The S&P 500 Futures is a capitalization-weighted index of 500 stocks. The index is designed to measure performance of the broad domestic economy through changes in the
aggregate market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries.
The DJIA Futures is a stock market index futures contract traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange`s Globex electronic trading platform. Dow Futures is based off the Dow
30 stock index.
The Nasdaq 100 Futures is a modified capitalization-weighted index of the 100 largest and most active non-financial domestic and international companies listed on the
NASDAQ.
Europe: DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 40 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange.
Asia: Nikkei is short for Japan's Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the leading and most-respected index of Japanese stocks. It is a price-weighted index composed of Japan's top 225
blue-chip companies traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Keep in mind that individuals cannot invest directly in any index, and index performance does not include transaction costs or other fees, which will affect actual investment
performance. Individual investor's results will vary. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Future investment performance cannot be guaranteed, investment
yields will fluctuate with market conditions.
 
PAGE 9 OF 9
