Q4 Snapshot
This is a summary of our House View Q4 2026
The statements contained herein may include statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s 
current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

2
What’s our outlook for Q4?
Renewed momentum supports a stronger year end
• Despite persistent headwinds, global growth has stayed resilient and the outlook has 
improved: the US is expected to pick up speed, Europe is doing better than many 
forecasts suggested, and China could recover towards the end of the year.
• Stronger growth means central banks can stay focused on fighting inflation without 
necessarily derailing economic momentum.
• Strong company earnings, supported by artificial intelligence (AI) spending, should 
help sustain growth and support both equities and bonds. While bond yields are 
rising, markets have so far adjusted in an orderly way, in our view.
• Risks remain, including uncertainty around central bank policy, Middle East tensions, 
the US mid-term elections and weaker consumer spending – but we think the 
environment might prove healthy for long-term investors.
Strong finish ahead
After a mid-year soft patch, 
improving business sentiment and 
stronger growth momentum point to 
a broader upswing heading into 
year end.
3.1%
1
Consensus estimate for global 
growth in 2027
1 Source: Bloomberg, AllianzGI Economics & Strategy (data as at 3 September 2026). 

3
What’s our regional outlook?
US: Fed tightening continues
Stronger business confidence, faster 
economic growth and inflation have increased 
expectations of higher interest rates.
The US Federal Reserve (Fed) raised rates in 
September, and we expect another rate hike 
before the end of the year.
Watch for the outcome of November’s
mid-term elections that could limit the current 
administration’s ability to pass new laws.
Europe: fiscal spending support
Government spending, especially in 
Germany, is supporting Europe’s 
economy, with growth increasingly 
outpacing expectations.
Yet inflation remains above target and 
could rise further if energy prices go up.
We expect the European Central Bank to 
raise rates again in December, but the 
Bank of England is likely to keep rates 
unchanged due to competing priorities.
Asia: growth holds up
More government support and increased 
project spending should give China’s 
economy a short-term boost this year.
Growth across much of Asia remains 
resilient, while Japan’s recovery is gaining 
strength.
We expect the Bank of Japan to raise 
interest rates again by year end.
3.3%
1
Consensus expectation for US inflation in 2026
3
1 Data: Bloomberg as at 3 September 2026.

4
Where do we see value?
More opportunities are emerging
• Government bonds issued by the US, Japan and the 
UK have fallen in price and may now offer attractive 
value, according to our analysis.
• Equity prices have also adjusted, especially in 
emerging markets, which have not kept pace with 
recent gains in the US.
• Around a third of the assets we track appear fairly 
valued or undervalued. This could create 
opportunities for investors in long-term bonds or 
growth themes such as AI.
Valuation score = current score relative to historical distribution of scores. Equity valuation based on Shiller-PE, price/book, 12-month forward PE. Sovereign valuation based on 10-year real interest rate and term premium. 
Corporate bond valuation based on implicit default probability and respective sovereign valuation. Source: Allianz Global Investors Global Economics & Strategy, Bloomberg, Datastream (data as at 31 August 2026). Past 
performance does not predict future returns. The statements contained herein may include statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions 
and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. We assume no obligation to update any 
forward-looking statement. Valuations are based on the latest assumptions about the economic growth outlook.
4
Less attractive valuation than last quarter
More attractive valuation than last quarter
US, Japan and UK government bonds may offer close to fair value
Undervalued
Overvalued
Equities
Sovereign bonds
Corporate bonds
Global
US
Euro
zone
Japan
UK
EM
US
Euro
zone
Japan
UK
US IG US HY Euro IG
Euro
HY
Select sovereign bonds 
may offer value

5
Where are the potential 
investment opportunities?
The statements contained herein may include statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement.
Fixed Income
•
The yield curve looks set to steepen in the 
US, Germany and Australia.
•
At the short end of the curve, German 
Bunds may offer better value than US 
Treasuries. At the long end, UK Gilts look 
attractive relative to other major markets.
•
In emerging markets, consider Brazilian 
and Hungarian local bonds while 
favouring oil exporters over importers. 
•
In credit, financials and consumer non-
cyclicals look more attractive than cyclical 
consumer names. After recent price moves, 
debt issued by top AI firms offers 
opportunities for selective investors.
Multi Asset
•
Emerging market equities appear 
promising, as do stocks in Japan, the US and 
Europe. Robotics, biotech and gold miners 
offer attractive investment themes.
•
Developed market government bonds may 
warrant a neutral or cautious approach due to 
inflation and fiscal deficits.
•
Emerging market debt, especially issued by 
energy-exporting governments, may offer 
attractive value.
•
Supply constraints, refinery disruptions and 
tight energy markets create a supportive 
backdrop for commodities, including gold.
Equities
•
AI opportunities are broadening into optical 
interconnects, advanced materials and 
power systems. 
•
Hardware suppliers in Asia are set to 
benefit from industrial orders and 
infrastructure spending.
•
India’s growing consumption-led 
economy and Japan’s pro-growth policies 
are potential positives for investors.
•
Value stocks – which appear inexpensive 
compared with their underlying business 
value – may be a useful counterweight to 
AI-linked growth equities.

6
Discover more insights
Read the full-length version of our 
House View Q4 2026
Europe is finally 
executing
AI: a credit investor’s 
perspective on the 
data centre build-out
China Technology: 
five things investors 
may be missing
When robots start 
earning their keep
Why investors are 
rediscovering 
commodities
The outlook for Asian 
fixed income: winners 
and losers emerge
Three minutes of 
insight into 
infrastructure 
Footprint and handprint: 
measuring both sides of 
a company’s impact
Read our latest 
House View in 
Focus – Power: 
the race to keep 
the lights on 

 
Disclaimer
 nvesting involves risk. The value of an investment and the income from it may fall as well as rise and investors might not get back th full amount invested.
Past performance does not predict future returns. If the currency in which the past performance is displayed differs from the 
rrency of the country in which the investor resides, then the investor should be aware that due to the 
exchange rate fluctuations the performance shown may be higher or lower if converted into the investor’s local currency. 
This is for information only and not to be construed as a solicitation or an invitation to make an offer to buy or sell any s 
rities. The views and opinions expressed herein, which are subject to change without notice, are those of the 
issuer or its affiliated companies at the time of publication. The data used is derived from various sources and assumed to b ccurate and reliable at the time of publication, but it has not been independently verified; its accuracy or 
completeness is not guaranteed and no liability is assumed for any direct or consequential losses arising from its use, unless caused by gross negligence or willful misconduct. The duplication, publication, extraction or transmission 
of the contents, irrespective of the form, is not permitted, except for the case of explicit permission by Allianz Global Inv 
ors. 
This material has not been reviewed by any regulatory authorities. 
This document is being distributed by the following Allianz Global Investors companies: In Australia, this material is presented by Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Limited (“AllianzGI AP”) and is intended for the use of investment consultants and 
other institutional/professional investors only, and is not directed to the public or individual retail investors. AllianzGI  
is not licensed to provide financial services to retail clients in Australia. AllianzGI AP is exempt from the requirement to  
 
Australian Foreign Financial Service License under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) pursuant to ASIC Class Order (CO 03/1103) with respect to the provision of financial services to wholesale clients only. Al nzGI AP is licensed and regulated by Hong 
Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws, which differ from Australian laws; in the European Union, by Allianz Global Investors GmbH, an investment company in Germany, authorized by the German Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungs aufsicht (BaFin) and is authorized and regulated in South Africa by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority; in the UK, by Allianz Glob 
Investors (UK) Ltd. company number 11516839, authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (FCA); in Switzerland, by Allianz Global Investors (Schweiz) AG, authorised by the Swiss financial markets regulator (FINMA); in HK, by Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Ltd., licensed by the Hong  
ng Securities and Futures 
Commission; in Singapore, by Allianz Global Investors Singapore Ltd., regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore [Company Registration No. 199907169Z]; in Japan, by Allianz Global Investors Japan Co., Ltd., registered in Japan as a Financial 
Instruments Business Operator [Registered No. The Director of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Business Operator), No. 424], Member of Investment Management Association of Japan and Type II Financial Instruments Firms 
Association; in mainland China, it is for Qualified Domestic Institutional Investors scheme pursuant to applicable rules and regulations and is for information purpose only; in Taiwan, by Allianz Global Investors Taiwan Ltd., licensed by Financial 
Supervisory Commission in Taiwan; in Indonesia, by PT. Allianz Global Investors Asset Management Indonesia licensed by Indonesia Financial Services Authority (OJK); and in the Abu Dhabi Global Market by Allianz Global Investors Middle East 
Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority with Financial Services Permission number 250070.
MACS    
ADM  
MACS    
MACS    
MACS    
MACS-P-23109410
