 
The Tidal Force Driving Markets This Decade 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, OCT 02, 2026 - 06:40 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Today’s defining market trends, from elevated inflation to persistently large corporate profits, can 
be traced to when government spending began amplifying economic cycles rather than 
cushioning against them. 
Markets are buffeted up and down by daily data and news flow. But these are just waves. The 
tide is driven by governments and shapes the structural outlook. 
Rising borrowing costs might at some point enforce fiscal discipline on public finances. Until 
then, persistent and pro-cyclical deficits point to corporate profits staying high, balance sheets 
remaining strong and inflation staying structurally above target, favoring real assets over 
financial assets. 
For much of the two decades prior to the pandemic, the private sector was the main engine of 
economic activity, while governments only stepped in during crises or recessions. This abruptly 
changed in the second half of the 2010s in many Western countries, when modern monetary 
theory gave governments the academic cover to increase borrowing even while their economies 
were growing. 
Out of that shift came the fiscal put when, in 2016, budget deficits began to meaningfully diverge 
from unemployment rates. Sovereigns increasingly underwrote an expanding laundry list of 
risks, from long-term sickness to energy price rises, and even life itself during Covid. The 
pandemic turbocharged the fiscal put, and we haven’t looked back since. 

 
 
Today’s dominant themes can be understood through this lens. High and rising corporate profits 
are coming directly from government demand and through transfer payments that support 
household spending. Everyone’s income is someone else’s outlay, and in recent years 
governments have increasingly been the ones doing the spending. 
The fiscal largesse of the pandemic explains the extent of the AI boom. Lockdowns handed a 
dramatic profit boost to the hyperscalers and tech firms that are driving AI spending, while 
healthy corporate balance sheets enabled easy access to capital in both public and private 
credit markets (perhaps too easy, as we may eventually find out). 
As history has tirelessly shown, pro-cyclical spending with impunity is not sustainable. Inflation 
eventually rears its head as sovereigns attempt to remedy their fiscal predicament by debasing 
their currencies. 
We have been in an elevated inflation regime since 2020, increasing the cost of living and 
eating away at real returns across financial assets and property. Don’t expect that to change. 
Inflation is set to remain structurally high as discretionary fiscal spending stays elevated in the 
coming years. 

 
 
These tidal forces favor gold, given its role as a tail hedge against both a deflationary bust and 
persistent inflation. Also expect real assets to outperform financial assets. 
What about the waves affecting markets today? On a cyclical basis, the massive and 
unrelenting US fiscal deficit and the explosion in AI spending are driving a strong domestic 
economy, in contrast with the rest of the world, which is expected to fall back. 
 

 
That is nominally dollar positive, but only temporarily, as the swollen fiscal deficit augurs that the 
US will eventually reach for the debasement lever favored by overly indebted governments. 
There are and will be countless other waves and wavelets for market participants to trade. But 
understanding and anticipating what happens next comes from remembering that, this decade, 
the tidal force driving them is the government. 
 
 
 
