The index performance is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not meant to depict the performance of a specific investment. Past performance is no 
guarantee of future results. 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
1 
 
 
 
Equity Market 
Commentary 
SLIMMON’S TAKE | APPLIED EQUITY TEAM | September 2026
AUTHOR 
ANDREW SLIMMON 
Managing Director and  
Senior Portfolio 
Manager, Applied  
Equity Team 
 
The Federal Reserve raised the federal funds target rate by 0.25% on 
September 16th….and the stock market rallied. 
So much for that old saying, “Don’t fight the Fed!” 
(When the Fed is raising rates, that’s bearish, and when they are 
lowering, that’s bullish.) 
 
What’s more, I have regularly used a chart showing that historically, in 
months when the Fed is lowering rates, the S&P has averaged a return 
of +1.7% but when they are raising rates, the return averages -0.5%.1 
 
Yet the market is up 2.08% since that Wednesday.2  
So, what gives? 
And what’s next? 
 
To me there are a few reasons for this relief rally: 
A. The S&P 500 had been trading sideways since late May. 
 
Made no headway despite excellent fundamentals. 
 
That suggests the market was already bracing for a less dovish 
Fed. 
B. Sentiment (an excellent contrarian indicator) was thoroughly 
washed out. 
The AAII bull/bear indicator was in bearish territory. 
 
The CNN Fear/Greed indicator was solidly in fear mode. 
 
C. During his press conference, Fed Chair Warsh highlighted his 
belief economic growth was accelerating. 
 
 
1 Since 1950. Bloomberg. 
2 S&P 500 as of September 25, 2026.  Bloomberg. 
1 
2 
3 
4 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
The returns referred to in the commentary are those of the representative indices, unless otherwise noted and are not meant to depict the performance of a specific 
investment.  Past performance is not guarantee of future results. 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
2 
 
The US Financial Conditions Index, the Leading Economic Conditions and the Citi Economic Surprise 
Index seemed to validate this. 
 
That means earnings estimates, which have been rising all year, could still be too low for 2026 and 
2027. 
D. By raising rates, the Trump-appointed Warsh sent a signal of Fed independence. 
 
The higher priority was fighting inflation versus appeasing the White House. (i.e. so much for being a 
“sock puppet.”3) 
 
 
Having said this, I think we need to recognize the environment for equities has changed. 
The Fed has decidedly moved from the accommodative policy of 2025 to a more restrictive one. 
If in fact the Fed only raises rates modestly, as in late 2015 through 2017, stocks can perform quite well.4 
However, if the environment requires a far more restrictive Fed, as in 2022, that will have a far more deleterious 
impact on stocks.5 
 
Which will it be? 
Right now, who knows? 
No one, in my opinion. 
(Predictions by the “Fed experts” make my weekly college football pool record look good…which it isn’t.) 
Seems to me watching future monthly CPI inflation readings will be pretty darn important. 
 
We really won’t know the answer to the question of the path of the Fed until 2027. 
That cloud of uncertainty will continue to weigh on stocks. 
At least for now, macro unease seems to be very much on the minds of investors. 
 
The good news, however, is Q4 might be a pivot by investors back to focusing on “the micro.” 
That would be entirely consistent with the story so far this year: 
Q1: Macro focus 
S&P 500 down -4.35% 
Q2: Micro focus  
S&P 500 up +15.20% 
Q3: Macro focus 
S&P 500 up +3.25%6 
Q4 Micro focus  
???? 
 
3 At Warsh’s April 21st 2026 confirmation, a prominent senator suggested Warsh would simply follow the wishes of President 
Trump. 
4 The Fed began hiking rates in December 2015 and then continued once in 2016 and three times in 2017.  Despite the tightening, 
the S&P 500 returned 12.0% in 2016 and 21.8% in 2017. 
5 In 2022, the Fed raised rates 7 times by over 400 basis points total, and the S&P 500 dropped -19.4% in 2022. 
6 As of September 25, 2026.  Bloomberg. 
5 
6 
7 
8 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
3 
 
7 Since the inception of the S&P 500, the other party has gained seats in the mid-terms 17 out of 19 elections and the market has 
rallied over the next 12 months 19 out of 19 times. Wikipedia. 
8 From the August 22, 2025 speech by Powell until December 31st 2025, the S&P 500 rallied 6% but the Invesco High Beta ETF was 
up 12% while the Low Volatility ETF was down -3%.  This is for informational purposes only and does not constitute a 
recommendation to buy or sell any particular security. 
 
Therefore, I would not get too bearish as the calendar moves closer to year-end. 
In my view, the macro headwinds should not derail the micro story that led the market higher in Q2: 
Q4 is historically the best quarter of the year as Wall Street and investors begin to focus on the next 
year’s projections. 
 
Since my late-August Slimmon’s TAKE, 2027 earnings estimates have risen even further. 
That’s really the story of the year: 
Plenty of macro issues to worry about, but when the market refocuses on earnings…it tends to head 
higher. 
 
Historically the market expresses a deep sigh of relief after the mid-term elections. 
There seem to be two consistencies surrounding mid-terms: 
A. The party not in power almost always picks up seats in Congress. 
B. The stock market likes it.7 
In my opinion, the market likes gridlock in DC. 
And right now, we do not have it.  
A single party with too much power makes the market nervous.  
Anecdotally, from speaking with many US investors, that is causing plenty of anxiety. 
 
 
As part of the Applied Equity team’s management of its long-only equity strategies, we keep a close eye on 
our risk budget. 
While we have been optimistic on the stock market overall, we do own lower beta names as well.  
These tend to help a portfolio in declines, relative to the benchmark. 
Those lower beta positions can weigh on relative performance in an environment when the Fed is clearly 
ultra-accommodative. 
As in the second half of 2025. 
It was August 2025 when Fed Chair Powell announced a policy adjustment moving to a rate cutting regime. 
High beta stocks took off and low beta stocks woefully lagged.8 
Not the best environment to be conscious of the amount of risk in a portfolio. 
 
But with Fed Chair Warsh’s recent and more restrictive policy adjustment, less certainty weighs on the high 
beta names. 
That means keeping an eye on risk matters more. 
9 
10 
11 
12 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
4 
 
9 As of 8/31/26, 1.49% in Applied Global Concentrated, 1.84% in Applied Global Core, and 1.89% in Applied US Core.  This is for 
informational purposes only and does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any particular security. 
10 Returns in US dollars.  Bloomberg. 
 
In each of our strategies we own the stock of United Rentals (URI).9 
URI is an equipment rental company serving the construction industry, industrial and commercial concerns, 
homeowners and others. 
I like to call URI “the best economist.” 
Their touch is so broad that they have a pretty good pulse on the US economy. 
 
Frequently, I hear from skeptics that economic and earnings strength is “all about Ai and the Ai buildout,” 
implying nothing good is happening elsewhere. 
Not true, according to URI. 
While housing remains weak, URI continues to highlight power and infrastructure projects, in addition to data 
centers, as a source of strong growth in 2026. 
It’s my belief that the corporate tax benefits of the One Big Beautiful Bill are a big reason for this strength. 
Tax benefits encourage corporate capex. 
 
Finally, how many years in a row did we hear strategists tell us that we should increase our allocation outside 
the US to Europe or Japan because those markets were “cheaper”? 
From the end of 2009 over the next 15 years, Europe and Japan equity markets each compounded at 5%-6% 
per year while the S&P 500 compounded at 14% annually.10 
In essence you could have made three times the return sticking to the US and ignoring those calls to 
“diversify”. 
 
Yet starting in 2025, those non-U.S. markets have not only kept up with the S&P 500, but they have 
marginally outperformed.  
So, what is the difference? 
What has changed? 
 
We think it’s because earnings revisions in non-U.S. markets are inflecting upward:  
 
 
Source: Bloomberg. 
The index performance is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not meant to depict the performance of a specific investment. Past 
performance is no guarantee of future results. 
-10%
0%
10%
20%
1-Jan
1-Feb
1-Mar
1-Apr
1-May
1-Jun
1-Jul
1-Aug
1-Sep
1-Oct
1-Nov
1-Dec
MSCI Europe Earnings Revisions
2023
2024
2025
2026
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
1-Jan
1-Feb
1-Mar
1-Apr
1-May
1-Jun
1-Jul
1-Aug
1-Sep
1-Oct
1-Nov
1-Dec
MSCI Japan Earnings Revisions
2023
2024
2025
2026
13 
14 
15 
16 
17 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
5 
 
 
Andrew 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
While these charts only go back to 2023, I think the improvement in performance is due to this: 
Stocks respond to the direction of change. 
As I wrote in the August Slimmon’s TAKE: 
While there are many ways we analyze stocks, my core belief is that a stock price regresses to the present value of 
all future expectations.  
It’s not about the growth rate of a company.  
It’s about what the company is expected to grow versus what it actually delivers.  
If a company delivers better-than-expected fundamentals, the present value eventually goes up.  
Likewise, if fundamentals are worse than expected, the stock price goes down. 
I believe that is true for markets overall. 
Positive earnings revisions for Europe and Japan are the key difference between 2026 and many previous 
years. 
And that gives us a lot more confidence in the non-US stocks in our global strategies. 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
6 
 
 
 
 
 
Risk Considerations 
Diversification does not eliminate the risk of loss. There is no assurance that a portfolio will achieve its investment objective. Portfolios are subject to 
market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the portfolio will decline and may therefore be less that what you paid for 
them. Market values can change daily due to economic and other events (e.g. natural disasters, health crises, terrorism, conflicts and social unrest) that 
affect markets, countries, companies or governments. It is difficult to predict the timing, duration, and potential adverse effects (e.g. portfolio liquidity) of 
events. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this portfolio. Please be aware that this portfolio may be subject to certain additional risks. In general, 
equities securities’ values also fluctuate in response to activities specific to a company. Stocks of small- and medium-capitalization companies entail 
special risks, such as limited product lines, markets and financial resources, and greater market volatility than securities of larger, more established 
companies. Investments in foreign markets entail special risks such as currency, political, economic, market and liquidity risks. Illiquid securities may be 
more difficult to sell and value than publicly traded securities (liquidity risks). Non-diversified portfolios often invest in a more limited number of issuers. As 
such, changes in the financial condition or market value of a single issuer may cause greater volatility. Ai: Investing in companies in anticipation of a 
catalyst event, such as AI adoption, carries the risk that such catalysts may not occur, may be delayed, or that the market may react differently than 
expected. Companies focused on AI may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources, and their management and performance may be 
particularly impacted by events that adversely affect AI adoption, such as rapid changes in product technology cycles, product obsolescence, government 
regulation, cybersecurity concerns and competition. 
 
DEFINITIONS 
The indexes are unmanaged and do not include any expenses, fees or sales 
charges. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Any index referred 
to herein is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of 
the applicable licensor. Any product based on an index is in no way 
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the applicable licensor and it 
shall not have any liability with respect thereto. The S&P 500® Index 
measures performance of the large cap segment of the U.S. equities 
market, covering approximately 75% of the U.S. market, including 500 
leading companies in the U.S. economy. The Russell 1000 Index is an 
index of approximately 1,000 of the largest companies in the U.S. equity 
market. The Russell 1000 is a subset of the Russell 3000 Index. It 
represents the top companies by market capitalization. The Russell 1000 
typically comprises approximately 90% of the total market capitalization of 
all listed U.S. stocks. The Russell 1000® Growth Index measures the 
performance of the large- cap growth segment of the US equity universe. It 
includes those Russell 1000 companies with relatively higher price-to-book 
ratios, higher I/B/E/S forecast medium term (2 year) growth and higher sales 
per share historical growth (5 years). The Russell 1000® Value Index 
measures the performance of the large- cap value segment of the US equity 
universe. It includes those Russell. 1000 companies with relatively lower 
price-to-book ratios, lower I/B/E/S. The Russell All-Cap Equal-weight 
Index measures the performance of the U.S. equity market across the full 
capitalization spectrum by including large‑, mid‑, and small‑capitalization 
stocks from the Russell All‑Cap universe, with equal weighting applied 
rather than market‑capitalization weighting. Under FTSE Russell’s 
equal‑weight methodology, each constituent has an approximately 
identical weight, which reduces the influence of the largest companies and 
increases exposure to smaller‑capitalization stocks relative to traditional 
cap‑weighted indices. The index is rules‑based, transparent, and 
periodically rebalanced to maintain equal weights and reflect changes in 
the underlying investable universe. The MSCI World Index is a free float 
adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure 
the global equity market performance of developed markets. The term “free 
float” represents the portion of shares outstanding that are deemed to be 
available for purchase in the public equity markets by investors. The 
performance of the Index is listed in U.S. dollars and assumes 
reinvestment of net dividends. The MSCI Europe Index captures large and 
mid cap representation across 15 Developed Markets (DM) countries in 
Europe. The Shanghai Composite Index is a capitalization-weighted stock 
market index designed to track the price performance of all A-shares and 
B-shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Standard deviation is a 
measure that is used to quantify the amount of variation or dispersion of a 
set of data values. The MSCI China Index captures large and mid cap 
representation across China A shares, H shares, B shares, Red chips, P 
chips and foreign listings (e.g. ADRs).The NASDAQ Index is a market 
capitalization-weighted index encompassing over 2,500 stocks, with a 
strong focus on the technology sector. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
There is no guarantee that any investment strategy will work under all 
market conditions, and each investor should evaluate their ability to invest for 
the long- term, especially during periods of downturn in the market. 
A separately managed account may not be appropriate for all investors. 
Separate accounts managed according to the particular Strategy may 
include securities that may not necessarily track the performance of a 
particular index. Please consider the investment objectives, risks and 
fees of the Strategy carefully before investing. A minimum asset level 
is required. 
For important information about the investment managers, please 
refer to Form ADV Part 2. 
The views and opinions and/or analysis expressed are those of the author or 
the investment team as of the date of preparation of this material and are 
subject to change at any time without notice due to market or economic 
conditions and may not necessarily come to pass. Furthermore, the views 
will not be updated or otherwise revised to reflect information that 
subsequently becomes available or circumstances existing, or changes 
occurring, after the date of publication. The views expressed do not reflect 
the opinions of all investment personnel at Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (MSIM) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “the 
Firm”), and may not be reflected in all the strategies and products that the 
Firm offers. 
Forecasts and/or estimates provided herein are subject to change and may 
not actually come to pass. Information regarding expected market returns 
and market outlooks is based on the research, analysis and opinions of the 
authors or the investment team. These conclusions are speculative in 
nature, may not come to pass and are not intended to predict the future 
performance of any specific strategy or product the Firm offers. Future results 
may differ significantly depending on factors such as changes in securities or 
financial markets or general economic conditions. 
This material has been prepared on the basis of publicly available 
information, internally developed data and other third-party sources 
believed to be reliable. However, no assurances are provided regarding the 
reliability of such information and the Firm has not sought to independently 
verify information taken from public and third-party sources. 
This material is a general communication, which is not impartial and all 
information provided has been prepared solely for informational and educational 
purposes and does not constitute an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell 
any particular security or to adopt any specific investment strategy. The 
information herein has not been based on a consideration of any individual 
investor circumstances and is not investment advice, nor should it be 
construed in any way as tax, accounting, legal or regulatory advice. To that 
end, investors should seek independent legal and financial advice, including 
advice as to tax consequences, before making any investment decision. 
The indexes are unmanaged and do not include any expenses, fees or sales 
charges. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Any index referred to 
herein is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of the 
applicable licensor. Any product based on an index is in no way sponsored, 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
7 
 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the applicable licensor and it shall not have any 
liability with respect thereto. 
This material is not a product of Morgan Stanley’s Research Department 
and should not be regarded as a research material or a recommendation. 
The Firm has not authorized financial intermediaries to use and to distribute 
this material, unless such use and distribution is made in accordance with 
applicable law and regulation. Additionally, financial intermediaries are 
required to satisfy themselves that the information in this material is 
appropriate for any person to whom they provide this material in view of that 
person’s circumstances and purpose. The Firm shall not be liable for, and 
accepts no liability for, the use or misuse of this material by any such 
financial intermediary. 
This material may be translated into other languages. Where such a 
translation is made this English version remains definitive. If there are any 
discrepancies between the English version and any version of this material in 
another language, the English version shall prevail. 
The whole or any part of this material may not be directly or indirectly reproduced, 
copied, modified, used to create a derivative work, performed, displayed, 
published, posted, licensed, framed, distributed or transmitted or any of its 
contents disclosed to third parties without the Firm’s express written 
consent. This material may not be linked to unless such hyperlink is for 
personal and non-commercial use. All information contained herein is 
proprietary and is protected under copyright and other applicable law. 
DISTRIBUTION 
This material is only intended for and will only be distributed to 
persons resident in jurisdictions where such distribution or 
availability would not be contrary to local laws or regulations. 
MSIM, the asset management division of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: 
MS), and its affiliates have arrangements in place to market each 
other’s products and services. Each MSIM affiliate is regulated as 
appropriate in the jurisdiction it operates. MSIM’s affiliates are: 
Calvert Research and Management, Eaton Vance Management, 
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC, Parametric SAS, and Atlanta 
Capital Management LLC. 
EMEA:  
This material is for Professional Clients/Accredited Investors only.  
In the EU, MSIM materials are issued by MSIM Fund Management 
(Ireland) Limited (“FMIL”). FMIL is regulated by the Central Bank of 
Ireland and is incorporated in Ireland as a private company limited by 
shares with company registration number 616661 and has its registered 
address at 24-26 City Quay, Dublin 2, DO2 NY19, Ireland. 
Outside the EU, MSIM materials are issued by Morgan Stanley 
Investment Management Limited (MSIM Ltd) is authorised and regulated 
by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England. Registered 
No. 1981121. Registered Office: 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 4QA. 
In Switzerland, MSIM materials are issued by Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, London (Zurich Branch) Authorised and regulated by the 
Eidgenössische Finanzmarktaufsicht ("FINMA"). Registered Office: 
Beethovenstrasse 33, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland. 
Italy: MSIM FMIL (Milan Branch), (Sede Secondaria di Milano) Palazzo 
Serbelloni Corso Venezia, 16 20121 Milano, Italy. The Netherlands: 
MSIM FMIL (Amsterdam Branch), Rembrandt Tower, 11th Floor 
Amstelplein 1 1096HA, Netherlands. France: MSIM FMIL (Paris Branch), 
61 rue de Monceau 75008 Paris, France. Spain: MSIM FMIL (Madrid 
Branch), Calle Serrano 55, 28006, Madrid, Spain. Germany: MSIM FMIL 
Frankfurt Branch, Große Gallusstraße 18, 60312 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany (Gattung: Zweigniederlassung (FDI) gem. § 53b KWG). 
Denmark: MSIM FMIL (Copenhagen Branch), Gorrissen Federspiel, 
Axel Towers, Axeltorv2, 1609 Copenhagen V, Denmark. 
MIDDLE EAST 
Dubai International Financial Centre: This information does not constitute 
or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to 
subscribe for or purchase, any securities or investment products in the UAE 
(including the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global 
Market) and accordingly should not be construed as such. Furthermore, this 
information is being made available on the basis that the recipient 
acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities to which it 
may relate have not been approved, licensed by or registered with the UAE 
Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any 
other relevant licensing authority or government agency in the UAE. The 
content of this report has not been approved by or filed with the UAE Central 
Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority or the Financial Services Regulatory Authority. 
Abu Dhabi Global Market ("ADGM"): This material is sent strictly within the 
context of, and constitutes, an Exempt Communication. This material relates 
to (strategy) which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the 
Financial Services Regulatory Authority of the Abu Dhabi Global Market (the 
“FSRA”). 
Saudi Arabia  
This financial promotion was issued and approved for use in Saudi Arabia by 
Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, Al Rashid Tower, Kings Sand Street, Riyadh, 
Saudi Arabia, authorized and regulated by the Capital Market Authority 
license number 06044-37. 
U.S. 
NOT FDIC INSURED | OFFER NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE 
VALUE | NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY 
| NOT A BANK DEPOSIT 
Canada: For use only with “Permitted Clients” under Canadian Law and may 
not be used with the general public. This presentation is communicated in 
Canada by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. (“MSIM”), which 
conducts 
its activities in Canada pursuant to the international adviser 
exemption and International Investment Fund Manager Exemption. This 
presentation does not constitute an offer to provide investment advisory 
available. MSIM may only advise separately managed accounts of 
“Permitted Clients” and may only manage accounts which invest in non-
Canadian issuers. “Permitted clients” as defined under Canadian National 
Instrument 31-103 generally include Canadian financial institutions or 
individuals with $5 million (CAD) in financial assets and entities with at least 
$25 million (CAD) in net assets. Permitted Clients may only invest in a 
separately managed account referenced in this presentation by entering 
into an investment management agreement with MSIM, of which this 
presentation is not a part. Materials which describe the investment 
expertise, strategies and/or other aspects of MSIM-managed separately 
managed accounts may be provided to you upon request for your 
consideration of the available investment advisory services offered by 
MSIM. MSIM and certain of its affiliates may serve as the portfolio manager 
to separately managed accounts described in this presentation and may be 
entitled to receive fees in connection therewith. 
LATIN AMERICA (BRAZIL, CHILE COLOMBIA, MEXICO, PERU,  
AND URUGUAY) 
This material is for use with an institutional investor or a qualified investor 
only. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive 
use and review of the intended addressee, and may not be passed on to any 
third party. This material is provided for informational purposes only and does 
not constitute a public offering, solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell 
for any product, service, security and/or strategy. A decision to invest should 
only be made after reading the strategy documentation and conducting in-
depth and independent due diligence. 
ASIA PACIFIC: 
Hong Kong: This document has been issued by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited, 
CE No. AAD291, for use in Hong Kong and shall only be made available to 
“professional investors” as defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
of Hong Kong (Cap 571). The contents of this document have not been reviewed 
nor approved by any regulatory authority including the Securities and Futures 
Commission in Hong Kong. Accordingly, save where an exemption is available 
under the relevant law, this document shall not be issued, circulated, distributed, 
directed at, or made available to, the public in Hong Kong. 
Singapore: This material is disseminated in Singapore by Morgan Stanley 
Investment Management Company, Registration No. 199002743C. This 
material should not be considered to be the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any 
member of the public in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
under section 304 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (“SFA”), (ii) to a “relevant person” (which includes an accredited 
investor) pursuant to section 305 of the SFA, and such distribution is in 
accordance with the conditions specified in section 305 of the SFA; or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. This material has not been reviewed by 

EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
September 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  
8 
 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Australia: This material is provided by Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (Australia) Pty Ltd ABN 22122040037, AFSL No. 314182 
and its affiliates and does not constitute an offer of interests. Morgan 
Stanley Investment Management (Australia) Pty Limited arranges for 
MSIM affiliates to provide financial services to Australian wholesale clients. 
This material will not be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission. 
Japan: For professional investors, this material is circulated or distributed 
solely for informational purposes. For non-professional investors, this 
material is provided in connection with Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (Japan) Co., Ltd. (“MSIMJ”)’s business with respect to 
discretionary investment management agreements (“IMA”) and investment 
advisory agreements (“IAA”).This does not constitute a recommendation 
or solicitation of transactions nor offers any particular financial instruments. 
Under an IMA, with respect to the management of client assets, the client 
prescribes basic management policies in advance and commissions 
MSIMJ to make all investment decisions based on an analysis of the value, 
etc. of the securities, and MSIMJ accepts such commission. The client 
shall delegate to MSIMJ the authorities necessary to make such 
investment decisions. MSIMJ exercises these delegated authorities 
accordingly, and the client shall not make individual instructions. All 
investment profits and losses belong to the clients; principal is not 
guaranteed. Please consider the investment objectives and nature of risks 
before investing. As an investment advisory fee for an IAA or an IMA, the 
amount of assets subject to the contract multiplied by a certain rate (the 
upper limit is 2.20% per annum (including tax)) shall be incurred in 
proportion to the contract period. For some strategies, a contingency fee 
may be incurred in addition to the fee mentioned above. Indirect charges 
also may be incurred, such as brokerage commissions for underlying 
securities. Since these charges and expenses vary by contract and other 
factors, MSIMJ cannot present the rates, upper limits, etc. in advance. All 
clients should read thoroughly the Documents Provided Prior to the 
Conclusion of a Contract carefully before executing an agreement. This 
material is distributed in Japan by MSIMJ, Registered No. 410 (Director of 
Kanto Regional Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Firms)), 
Membership: the Japan Securities Dealers Association, the Investment 
Management Association of Japan and the Type II Financial Instruments 
Firms Association. 
morganstanley.com/im 
 
© 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. 
RO 5963210 Exp. 9/29/2027   
