[Page 1]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 1 of 10
Market Barometer 
 
Equity Market 
 Previous Close 
1-Day (%) 
1-Day (Chg) 
WTD 
MTD 
QTD 
YTD 
12-Month 
US
7551.81 
-0.45 
-33.92 
-1.37 
-1.75 
0.70 
10.32 
580.00 
Dow Jones
51461.90 
-1.21 
-631.21 
-2.11 
-3.24 
-1.64 
7.07 
11.83 
Nasdaq 
25978.43 
-0.01 
-3.14 
-1.35 
-1.49 
-0.90 
11.77 
16.70 
Mexico 
63507.11 
n.a. 
n.a. 
-0.65 
-2.94 
-5.17 
-1.25 
3.10 
Brazil 
185547.70 
-0.51 
-954.98 
-0.89 
4.58 
7.86 
15.16 
27.44 
Europe 
6314.85 
0.48 
30.00 
-0.16 
-1.64 
-0.21 
9.04 
17.60 
UK 
10768.22 
0.28 
30.34 
1.11 
-0.52 
2.58 
8.43 
16.94 
France 
8184.22 
0.62 
50.31 
0.05 
-1.80 
-2.62 
0.43 
5.10 
Germany 
25726.80 
0.53 
135.47 
0.62 
-2.02 
2.92 
5.05 
10.14 
Spain 
19775.80 
0.41 
79.90 
-0.32 
-0.99 
1.56 
14.26 
30.73 
Switzerland 
13917.23 
0.43 
59.79 
1.03 
-2.58 
-1.95 
4.90 
15.99 
Japan 
63923.00 
0.69 
438.90 
0.20 
-3.28 
-8.46 
27.41 
43.19 
Hong Kong 
24713.78 
0.19 
46.54 
-0.96 
-3.91 
7.37 
-4.14 
-8.70 
China 
3891.60 
0.71 
27.32 
-0.32 
-2.78 
-5.34 
-2.35 
-0.02 
India 
23217.60 
0.43 
99.00 
-0.18 
-3.00 
-2.13 
-10.61 
-7.79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Commodities 
 
Last 
1-Day (%) 
1-Day (Chg) 
WTD 
MTD 
QTD 
YTD 
12-Month 
Volatility 
17.71 
2.97 
0.51 
11.81 
18.70 
7.66 
18.46 
12.66 
Gold 
4263.65 
-0.66 
-28.50 
-0.46 
-2.44 
8.01 
0.23 
18.29 
Oil 
102.43 
-3.21 
-3.40 
1.03 
17.86 
46.54 
77.49 
62.38 
Thomson Reuters/Core Commodity 
426.14 
-0.69 
-2.98 
0.72 
3.79 
20.51 
42.63 
40.36 
Bloomberg Commodity Index 
146.37 
-0.32 
-0.46 
0.48 
3.21 
18.45 
33.02 
39.99 
USD/JPY 
156.2600 
0.75 
1.16 
1.32 
-2.57 
-4.25 
-0.68 
5.88 
EUR/USD 
1.1465 
-0.68 
-0.0079 
-1.03 
-1.20 
0.50 
-2.27 
-2.83 
GBP/USD 
1.3381 
-0.72 
-0.0097 
-0.98 
-1.16 
0.98 
-0.62 
-1.72 
EUR/CHF 
0.9467 
0.16 
0.0016 
-0.05 
0.78 
2.51 
1.68 
1.56 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Fixed Income  
Core Indicators 
 
2y 
5y 
10y 
2s10s 
(bps) 
10y Swap 
Spread 
 
 
 
US 
4.69 
4.82 
4.97 
29 
-0.3884 
 
 
 
Germany 
3.23 
3.32 
3.51 
28 
0.0345 
 
 
 
UK 
4.76 
4.85 
5.28 
52 
-0.4496 
 
 
 
Japan 
1.87 
2.30 
3.00 
113 
- 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg 
 
U.S. Markets Recap 
US -0.45% | Nasdaq -0.01% | Dow -1.21% 
 
Synopsis 
• 
US equities finished lower in Wednesday trading, though ended off worst levels. Laggards included banks, IBs, credit cards, PE, payments, 
software, energy, REITs, transports, homebuilders, ag chemicals, grocers, telecom, and media. Big tech and semis/memory were mixed. 
Relative outperformers included MedTech, hospitals, A&D, networking/communications, retail/apparel, casual diners, and food/bever-
age. Treasuries were mixed with curve flattening; yields were up 4-5 bp at front end (2Y yield hit highest since mid-2024). Dollar index 
was up 0.6%. Gold finished up 0.5%. Silver was up 1.7%. Bitcoin futures were flat. WTI crude ended down 3.2%, giving back much of 
Tuesday's rise.  
 
 
Macro 


[Page 2]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 2 of 10
• 
Fed raised rates by 25 bp as widely expected, while dot plot showed one additional rate hike for 2026 and nothing more in 2027. State-
ment highlighted resilient spending and strong productivity growth, framing the tightening as supportive for quicker return to 2% inflation 
goal. However, Treasuries sold off after some hawkish Warsh comments, including that price stability is FOMC's predominant focus and 
hike removes a dose of accommodation. Market still pricing in 25 bp of hikes through year-end. Beyond Fed, oil posted its largest daily 
decrease since early August amid some better headlines surrounding the Saudi East-West pipeline. Corporate updates from sell-side 
conferences continue to largely echo what was heard during Q2 earnings season (which produced 30%+ growth). Solid macro backdrop 
underpinned by better-than-expected retail sales data this morning.  
• 
FT reported that OpenAI is considering a new funding round before its planned IPO next year at a $1.2T valuation (also noted annualized 
revenue passed $40B last month on the back of the Astra launch momentum). INTC was higher on Reuters report that company could 
produce memory chips in the US for SKHY. Business Insider reported AMZN preparing for unprecedented expansion of same-day delivery 
operation. AAPL reportedly considering reentering server market, with NVDA involved in talks. GS CEO Solomon said equity performance 
remains very strong, though FICC experiencing relative softness. GEV said it expects gas-capacity commitments to exceed guidance. BA 
guided FY FCF toward middle of prior range on 737/787 ramp timing shifts. JBHT was pressured after it flagged sharp rise in purchased 
transportation, driver-related costs, fuel, and claims, which offset strong demand backdrop. AAL, UAL executives both said Q4 capacity 
may need to be cut more amid high fuel prices.  
• 
Headline August retail sales were up 1.2% m/m, ahead of 0.8% consensus and a rebound from July's 0.5% monthly decline (revised up 
from a 0.6% decline). Control-group sales up 1.4% against 0.4% consensus and July's 0.4% m/m decline. Previews had expected a 
bounce-back after July was pressured by the shift of Amazon Prime Day to June. September NAHB homebuilder sentiment down three 
points m/m to 32, missing consensus and lowest since Sep-25. July business inventories beat, second-highest (Mar-26) since mid-2022. 
Thursday brings jobless claims, Philly Fed manufacturing, and August pending-home sales. Friday will see industrial production, with 
comments scheduled from Fed's Schmid and Bowman.  
 
Notable Movers 
• 
+4.8% GEV (GE Vernova): Positive comments at Morgan Stanley Laguna Conference; expects 2H contract commitments to exceed 20GW 
guidance (Q4 to exceed Q3); continues to see very strong and durable demand; sees next decade as even better.  
• 
+4.0% INTC (Intel): Reuters reported SK Hynix (SKHY) considering a deal to manufacture memory chips in the US by leasing part of INTC's 
Ohio facility or through a JV with Intel and other major cloud firms.  
• 
+3.0% CRWV (CoreWeave): Blockfusion signed 15 year anchor lease with CoreWeave at Niagara Falls AI campus, includes two five-year 
renewal options.  
• 
+1.6% ALVO (Alvotech): Double-upgraded to overweight from underweight at Barclays; cited valuation; sees increased likelihood of 
positive outcome from 4-Dec FDA decision.  
• 
+1.5% GIII (G-III Apparel Group): CEO disclosed purchase of 40K shares bringing total beneficial ownership to 5.2M shares.  
• 
-2.1% EXPE (Expedia Group): Assumed underweight at Morgan Stanley; cited weaker consumer positioning despite improved execution; 
highlighted slower user growth and with Q2 monthly active users flat versus peers. 
• 
-2.2% YOU (Clear Secure): Announced company has entered into an agreement with President Michael Barkin under which he will 
transition to an advisory role effective 15-Oct and resign from the board as of that date.  
• 
-2.8% MTH (Meritage Homes): Downgraded to hold from buy at Truist; expects higher mortgage rates to translate to higher incentives; had 
previously seen declining incentives helping MTH.  
• 
-4.0% GS (Goldman Sachs): Comments at the Barclays Global Financial Services Conference (and weaker banking group today); noted 
that FICC was softer relative to equities (which remained very strong); also flagged a more muted investments line, sequentially higher 
non-comp expenses (by more than $500M) and slightly higher provisions y/y.  
• 
-5.6% HBAN (Huntington Bancshares): Cut FY26 NII and revenue growth guidance and lowered FY27 EPS outlook, reflecting weaker loan 
growth and NIM pressure.  
• 
-13.3% JBHT (J.B. Hunt Transport Services): Expects Q3 EPS to decline 5-10% q/q (leaving it 15-20% below consensus); cited headwinds 
from driver-related compensation, sharp rise in fuel prices and elevated level of claims; early Street takeaways flagged cost pressures as 
largely transitory; company also highlighted strong demand backdrop.  
• 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 3 of 10
EU Market Recap 
Germany +0.53% | France +0.62% | UK +0.28% 
 
Synopsis 
• 
European equity markets ended broadly higher Wednesday. Markets waiting for key central bank policy decisions including Fed later today 
and BoE tomorrow. Market pricing in a 90%+ probability of Fed tightening, though lots of uncertainty about how Fed will frame the policy 
path going forward. More signs of stabilization in the AI trade, though no big bounce yet as the safety debate continues to dominate the 
headlines.  
• 
Oil lower, though coming off from WTI crude's tenth recorded gain over past 11 sessions on Tuesday, with increase of ~27% over that 
period. Some attention to API report showing sharp rebound in US and gasoline inventories in the latest week. Recent flurry of headlines 
have focused on Saudi supply constraints (and now China reportedly may reimpose export restrictions on refined products). However, 
Bloomberg report today highlighted pivot to spot sales via Persian Gulf. Iranian Foreign Minister Araghchi's visit to Beijing today has put 
some focus back on potential for China to play a diplomatic role. China also in focus ahead of Trump-Xi meeting next week and latest 
reports about low-level tariff relief. However, FT reported US may push for a shorter, six-month trade truce extension amid frustration with 
Beijing over raw earths. 
 
Macro 
• 
Macro data focus in Europe on UK inflation after soft labor market update on Tuesday. Headline CPI and core inflation accelerated in line 
with expectations. Eurozone industrial production slightly weaker than forecast and Eurozone wage growth tracker edged up.  
• 
Among stock movers in Europe today, UK homebuilders outperformed led by Barratt Redrow (BTRW.LN) after the group posted full-year 
adjusted pre-tax profit of £572.8M, ahead of its own July guidance, though the housebuilder trimmed its FY27 completion target citing 
persistent planning delays. Soitec (SOI.FP) surged after JPMorgan upgraded the stock to Overweight with a doubled price target of €200, 
arguing that photonics demand is more than offsetting mobile market concerns. Infineon IFX.GR) gained after announcing the sale of its 
NOR Flash and F-RAM memory business to Taiwan's Winbond Electronics in an all-cash deal valued at $1.12B, with closing targeted for 
H2 2027, as the German chipmaker moves to streamline its portfolio. WH Smith (SMWH.LN) slipped after guiding full-year headline pre-
tax profit to approximately £75M, marginally below the £77.4M consensus, as margin pressure from promotional activity and inflation 
headwinds weighed on the travel retailer despite ongoing cost reduction efforts. Elsewhere, Berenberg sees the Auto Sector entering a 
period supported by accommodating regulatory requirements, including softer EU CO2 requirements, a more rational China market, 
accelerating product momentum, restructuring savings, and non-auto end- market traction. The firm upgraded BMW.GR to Buy, citing 
product momentum and capital allocation, and downgraded STLAM.IM to Hold, citing weaker operating leverage and potential inventory 
destock.  
• 
Looking ahead to tomorrow's agenda, BOE interest rate decision at 12noon BST with no change expected in the 3.75% benchmark interest 
rate. Also, Bank of Italy/CEPR/EIEF/World Bank Conf on 'Firm Dynamics, Investment and Aggregate Growth' (through Fri), Norges Bank 
releases its Q3 regional report at 10:00CET and BOE publishes minutes of last MPC meeting at 12noon BST. In Switzerland, SECO 
scheduled to release its latest economic forecasts. Data releases include Eurozone Aug final CPI and Switzerland Aug trade balance 
(monthly watch data). Earnings/updates will be out from the likes of Next (NXT.LN) and Helvetia Baloise (HBAN.SW),  
 
 
Notable Movers 
• 
+16.8% APTD.LN (Aptitude Software Group £2.25, +0.36) -- H1 earnings  
• 
+13.4% SOI.FP (SOITEC €137.30, +16.50) -- JPMorgan upgrade  
• 
+12.3% TISG.IM (The Italian Sea Group €1.18, +0.14) -- receives 11 non-binding offers relating to transactions structured as either asset 
deals or share deals  
• 
+11.7% BTRW.LN (Barratt Redrow £2.98, +0.32) -- FY earnings  
• 
+8.4% FTC.LN (Filtronic £2.33, +0.18) -- contract  
• 
+8.1% TRE.SM (Tecnicas Reunidas €26.82, +2.06) -- buyback program  
• 
+7.1% TRMD.A.DC (TORM Plc DKK235.40, +15.80) -- Hafnia to acquire 4.5M A shares in TORM plc at $32.25, representing 4.39% of 
outstanding share capital of TORM  
• 
+6.4% VK.FP (Vallourec €19.58, +1.20) -- contract  
• 
+6.1% GRE.SM (Grenergy Renovables €87.35, +5.20) -- H1 earnings  
• 
+5.8% ALHYF.FP (Lhyfe €1.87, +0.11) -- and H2APEX expand partnership to support growing demand for renewable hydrogen in Germany  
• 
+5.5% PAF.LN (Pan African Resources $1.20, +0.06) -- FY earnings  
• 
+5.1% BTG.LN (BTG Consulting plc £1.11, +0.05) -- trading update  
• 
-4.4% IMMU.SS (Mendus SEK6.22, -0.29) -- initiation of the DIVA trial evaluating vididencel in combination with less-intensive first-line 
treatment in patients with acute myeloid leukemia  
• 
-5.7% HEALTH.FH (Nightingale Health €0.90, -0.05) -- Q4 earnings  
• 
-7.3% ALSEN.FP (Sensorion €9.80, -0.77) -- submitted a draft registration statement on Form F-1 to the SEC  
• 
-7.8% TENG.LN (Ten Lifestyle Group £0.95, -0.08) -- trading update  
• 
-10.8% B2I.NO (B2 Impact NOK23.40, -2.80) -- Nevedal Invest AS sold 26.0M shares in B2 Impact at a price of NOK 23.35/share for a 
total transaction size of NOK 607.1M  
• 
-14.7% ALCLS.FP (Cellectis SA €1.25, -0.20) -- Barclays downgrade  


[Page 4]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 4 of 10
• 
-32.4% CRTA.LN (Cirata £0.08, -0.04) -- H2 earnings; lowers FY guidance  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 5 of 10
Asian Markets 
Japan +0.69% | Hong Kong +0.19% | China +0.71% 
 
Synopsis 
• 
Asian equities edged higher Wednesday. MSCI Asia Pacific ex Japan index gained 0.6%, snapping four-day losing streak, supported by 
South Korea and Taiwan. Greater China higher as mainland benchmarks outperformed Hong Kong. Japan also rose. India trading higher. 
US futures gaining. 10Y yield topped 5% again in Asian afternoon following some pullback earlier, while JGB curves flattened. Dollar index 
flat. Crude prices slightly lower in Asian trade as Brent futures down to near $108/bl however Middle East supply situation remains 
complex amid Houthi advance in Yemen, disruptions to Saudi oil facilities and exports, and lack of SoH transit activity. Gold and silver 
higher. Bitcoin down to four-week low after Senate voted against advancing comprehensive crypto legislation backed by Trump.  
• 
Asian markets advanced cautiously as investors in waiting mode ahead of Wednesday's Fed meeting. Widely expected to raise interest 
rates by 25 bp, first time since Jul-23, with rate expectations crystallized by August CPI. September odds now at 93%, according to CME 
FedWatch. With a hike mostly priced in by markets, another key focus will be on dot plot and whether revisions show median of more than 
one rate hike this year. Some economists forecast 2-3 rate hikes by year-end. Chair Warsh not expected to provide added details on 
reaction function or forward guidance, which some analysts expect will likely lead to a rise in volatility post Fed announcement. Asian 
session saw AI trade recover from early-week selloff with semis, memory and equipment names mostly gaining. Comes amid continued 
pushback against concerns slower pace of AI model development will meaningfully impact demand for compute. Industry also lukewarm 
to increased regulations as a solution to address AI safety concerns.  
• 
SK Hynix (000660.KS) in discussions with Intel (INTC) about deal to manufacture memory chips in US for first time, according to Reuters. 
Sharp (6753.JP) has begun accepting orders for AI servers in a new business developed in collaboration with parent Foxconn (2317.TT). 
CATL (3750.HK) suffered steepest two-day slump in nearly a year, down 10%, as investors turned sour on its Q3 outlook amid speculation 
of production cuts and increasing competition. 
 
Macro 
• 
Japan export growth slowed in August but still beat expectations, underpinned by continued strong momentum in shipments of semicon-
ductors, electronic components and autos. Imports also rose sharply amid surge in oil. Ahead of next week's Trump-Xi summit in Wash-
ington, US and China look to cut tariffs on some goods, including American energy and agricultural products. Treasury Secretary Bessent 
will meet Chinese Vice Premier He Lifeng this weekend to lay groundwork for the summit. PBOC Governor Pan argued long period of high 
credit growth in China has come to an end after weaker-than-expected credit data for August. Hong Kong unveils first five-year plan which 
will see the city nearly double spending on innovation in coming years, in alignment with China's push for tech self-reliance.  
 
 
Notable Movers 
• 
+4.1% 000660.KS (SK Hynix): reportedly weighs deal with Intel to produce memory chips in US  
• 
+3.9% 9961.HK (Trip.com Group): reports Q2 results; accommodation reservation CNY6.58B vs StreetAccount CNY6.79B  
• 
+2.9% 6501.JP (Hitachi): announces plans for new $528M transformer manufacturing facility  
• 
+2.6% 3099.JP (Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings): reports finalized August domestic department store sales +4.0% y/y  
• 
+2.2% 4063.JP (Shin-Etsu Chemical): to declare commemorative dividend ¥20/share as part of interim dividend  
• 
+2% 2678.JP (ASKUL Corp): reports Q1 results; operating income ahead of FactSet estimates  
• 
-4.6% 4578.JP (Otsuka Holdings): competitor Vera announces topline results from final analysis of ORIGIN 3 trial of TRUTAKNA in adults 
with primary IgA nephropathy  
• 
-11.5% 377300.KS (kakaopay): US Clarity Act fails procedural vote in Senate  
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 6]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 6 of 10
 
Disclaimer 
 
This publication has been prepared by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd (the “Bank”) for information purposes only. It is not the result of financial 
research conducted by the Bank’s research department nor of any other detailed due diligence or consideration. Although it may contain quotes 
of research analysts or quote research publications, this publication may not be considered investment research or an investment recommen-
dation under applicable rules as the respective conditions for such qualification are not met. Therefore the «Directives on the Independence of 
Financial Research» of the Swiss Bankers Association do not apply to this publication. Any views, opinions and commentaries in this publication 
(together the “Views”) are generally short/mid-term views of the author and may differ from those of the Bank’s research or other departments. 
The Bank may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the Views expressed herein. It may also 
provide advisory or other services to companies mentioned in this publication resulting in a conflict of interest that could affect the Bank’s 
objectivity. While the Bank has taken steps to avoid or disclose, respectively, such conflicts, it cannot make any representation in such regard. 
The Views contained in this publication are those of the author as per the date of writing and may be subject to change without notice. This 
publication is based on publicly available information and data (the “Information”). While the Bank makes every effort to use reliable and 
comprehensive Information, it cannot make any representation that it is actually accurate or complete. Possible errors or incompleteness of 
the Information do not constitute legal grounds (contractual or tacit) for liability, either with regard to direct, indirect or consequential damages. 
In particular, neither the Bank nor its shareholders and employees shall be liable for the Views contained in this publication. 
This publication constitutes marketing material. If it refers to a financial instrument for which a prospectus and/or a key investor/information 
publication exists, these are available free of charge from Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Elisabethenstrasse 62, P.O. Box, CH-4002 Basel, Switzer-
land. 
Any prices laid down in this publication are for indicative and/or illustrative purposes only and may vary in accordance with market fluctuations 
and other market circumstances. The Bank does not accept any losses whatsoever (whether direct, indirect or consequential) for the infor-
mation contained in this publication. 
Certain investments, for example including but not limited to structured products, and/or other investments referred to herein, may involve the 
use of leveraging, the use of derivative instruments, exposure to emerging markets or potentially volatile markets and can therefore be subject 
to significantly higher risks and may not be suitable for all investors. The value of, the income from, the annualised returns of or the projected 
returns of such investments may fluctuate and/or be affected by economic, financial and political factors, including interest and exchange 
rates, market volatility and market conditions. 
Dealing in the structured product and/or such other investments referred to herein can be subject to significant risks and may not be suitable 
for all investors. In particular, an investment in a structured product is not a direct investment in the underlying or referenced assets and 
investors have no rights in respect of such underlying or referenced assets. However, the performance of the underlying or referenced assets 
will have a direct effect on the value of the product, or the derivative transactions in question. The Bank has not performed, nor will at any time 
perform, any investigation or review of the underlying or referenced assets, nor does it make any guarantee or express or implied warranty in 
respect of the performance of the underlying or referenced assets, nor the selection thereof. 
Unless specifically agreed, the principal amount invested in a structured product and/or such other investments is not guaranteed and inves-
tors may end up receiving either (i) an amount less than the principal amount invested or (ii) securities with a value substantially below that of 
the principal amount invested. No assurance (whether express or implied) is given to the effect that any of the issuer, the guarantor or any of 
their affiliates will make a market in the products, nor that there will be a secondary market in such product. The value of the structured product 
and/or such other investments also depends on the ability of the issuer and the guarantor, if applicable, to perform their obligations thereunder. 
Before entering into any transaction to acquire the structured product and/or investment, you should independently assess with your profes-
sional advisers the specific risks relating to any legal, regulatory, credit, tax (including the legal and tax regimes in the countries of your citizen-
ship, residence, domicile and/or place of incorporation (as the case may be) and any applicable exchange control regulations) and accounting 
consequences arising from entering into any transactions or purchasing any products. Unless the Bank has specifically solicited or advised you 
to enter into such transaction, you should not rely on this publication or any representation by the Bank in making such assessment. 
An investment product may be issued by a third party issuer and in such event, this publication is solely based on the issuer's product docu-
mentation which contains all the legally binding terms (including risk considerations) applicable to the product and which is available upon 
request. The Bank assumes no liability regarding the content of such issuer's documentation or any other information provided by the issuer. 
This publication is neither an offer to buy or sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instrument or to accept any service. 
Further, it is not intended to, and does not, provide individually tailored investment advice. It has been prepared without taking into account 
the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular and/or specific investor. Before entering into any transaction, investors should 
consider the appropriateness of the transaction with regard to their individual circumstances and objectives. Nothing in this publication 


[Page 7]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 7 of 10
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate for an 
investor’s individual circumstances, or otherwise constitutes a recommendation, whether personal or otherwise for any specific investor. The 
Bank recommends that investors independently evaluate, with a professional advisor, the specific legal, regulatory, credit, tax and accounting 
consequences of any transaction. Direct investments in U.S. securities may expose the investor to U.S. taxation (e.g. U.S. estate tax) and may 
lead to U.S. taxation of the investor even in cases where the investor is not domiciled in the US and/or does not have U.S. person status It is 
possible that the Bank performs services to buy, sell, subscribe or redeem financial instrument, which are mentioned in this report, on behalf 
of third parties or is mandated for any kind of other services in relation to these financial instrument. 
Acceptance of services and investments in products mentioned in this publication should only be made after a thorough reading of the available 
product/services documentation, e.g. the Key Investor Information Document «KIID» for certain investment funds. Such documents can be 
obtained free of charge upon request. 
Past performance or simulated performance is no indication of current or future performance. The return of a financial instrument may go down 
as well as up due to exchange rate fluctuations between currencies. The Bank does not assume any liability, neither explicit nor implicit for the 
future performance of a financial instrument. 
The Bank or its affiliates may also be involved in any other transactions with the issuer of the investment product or may have an interest in 
any underlying or referenced assets of the investment product. Furthermore, the Bank may receive certain commissions or fees from its affili-
ates or certain minor non-monetary benefits from third party issuers, provided, in each case, that they meet certain criteria, such as being 
capable of enhancing the quality of services provided by the Bank, for placement or distribution of the financial products either as an initial 
charge and/or as ongoing fees during the holding period of the financial products. Such commissions or fees are considerations for services 
rendered by the Bank to the issuers and managers of the financial products, including but not limited to the use of the Bank's distribution 
channel. Clients and investors acknowledge that the Bank may receive and keep such commissions and fees which will not be passed on to 
the clients or investor. Although measures are taken to avoid or limit conflicts of interest, the Bank cannot guarantee that such conflicts of 
interest will not occur. 
This publication may only be distributed in countries where its distribution is legally permitted. This information is not directed to any person in 
any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) such offering is prohibited. Consequently, services and/or 
products mentioned in this publication may not be available in all countries. Interested parties should contact the local J. Safra Sarasin Group-
representative to be informed about the services and products available in their country of residence. 
This publication is distributed by the following affiliates of the Bank:   
The Bahamas: This publication is circulated to private clients of Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Bahamas) Ltd, and is not intended for circulation to 
nationals or citizens of The Bahamas or a person deemed ‘resident’ in The Bahamas for the purposes of exchange control by the Central Bank 
of The Bahamas. 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This material is intended to be distributed by J. Safra Sarasin (Middle East) Ltd (“JSSME”) in DIFC 
to professional clients as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). JSSME is duly authorised and regulated by DFSA. If you do 
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. This material may also include Funds which 
are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). The DFSA has no responsibility for 
reviewing or verifying any Issuing Document or other documents in connection with these Funds. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved the 
Issuing Document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in the Issuing Document, and has 
no responsibility for it. The Units to which the Issuing Document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective 
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units. 
Hong Kong 
Important Notice 
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any 
regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in 
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
When you acquire a structured product and/or investment and/or otherwise enter into a transaction, unless the Bank has specifically solicited 
or advised you to enter into such transaction, you acquire such structured product and/or investment in reliance on your own judgment, taking 
into account your overall financial situation, composition of your investment portfolio and your other assets, your investment objectives, attitude 
to risk, performance aspiration, tolerance to possible capital loss, liquidity requirements and any matters which you consider to be appropriate. 
Derivatives Warning  
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) which involves derivatives. Do not invest in such struc-
tured product(s) unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with it/them. If you are in any doubt about the risks 
involved in the product(s), you may clarify with the intermediary or seek independent professional advice. 


[Page 8]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 8 of 10
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) but distributed by each of its branches in 
Singapore and Hong Kong in the conduct of their respective businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong. Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong 
Branch is a licensed bank under the Hong Kong Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and a registered institution under the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).  
Complex Product Warning 
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve complex products. Investors should exercise caution and review the product offering 
documents to understand the product risks and features before making any investment decisions. 
Hong Kong Selling Restriction 
This publication and any investments detailed herein are available for Professional Investors only.  
This document and its contents are not intended and shall not in any way be construed as an offer or solicitation to the public in Hong Kong for 
the purchase or sale of any securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme.  
If the Bank solicits the sale of or recommends any financial product to you, the financial product must be reasonably suitable for you having 
regard to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. No other provision of this disclaimer or any other document 
the Bank may ask you to sign and no statement the Bank may ask you to make derogates from this clause. 
This document has not and will not be registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong or authorized by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Com-
mission under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance nor has its content been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, unless permitted by the securities laws of Hong Kong, (i) in the case of the product being a share or debenture of a company, no 
person may issue or cause to be issued this document in Hong Kong, other than to persons who are “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder or in circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) or which do not consti-
tute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (ii) in other cases, no person may issue or have in its possession for the 
purposes of issue, this document, or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any securities, regulated investment agreement or 
collective investment scheme, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public in Hong Kong, other than with respect to securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme which 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. If an investor is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the investor should obtain 
independent professional advice. 
Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong Branch is an authorized institution under the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong) 
and is a registered institution under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (CE Number AHX499) for the 
purposes of carrying on Types 1 (dealing in securities) and 4 (advising on securities) regulated activities as defined under the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance. 
Monaco: In Monaco this document is distributed by Banque J. Safra Sarasin (Monaco) SA, a bank registered in “Principauté de Monaco” and 
regulated by the French Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and Monegasque Government and Commission de Contrôle 
des Activités Financières («CCAF»). 
Panama: This publication is distributed, based solely on public information openly available to the general public, by J. Safra Sarasin Asset 
Management S.A., Panama, regulated by the Securities Commission of Panama. 
Qatar Financial Centre (QFC): This material is intended to be distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC, Qatar [“BJSSQ”] from QFC to 
Business Customers as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) Rules. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC is authorised 
by QFCRA. This material may also include collective investment scheme/s (Fund/s) that are not registered in the QFC or regulated by the 
Regulatory Authority. Any issuing document / prospectus for the Fund, and any related documents, have not been reviewed or approved by the 
Regulatory Authority. Investors in the Fund may not have the same access to information about the Fund that they would have to information 
of a fund registered in the QFC; and recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued 
in a jurisdiction outside the QFC. 
Singapore: 
Important Notice 
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any 
regulatory authority in Singapore. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in 
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
Derivatives Warning 
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) containing derivatives, in which event the investment 
decision is yours but you should not invest in the investment detailed herein unless (i) the intermediary who sells them to you/your professional 


[Page 9]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 9 of 10
advisor has explained to, and/or advised, you that they are suitable for you having regard to your financial situation, investment experience 
and investment objectives; and/or (ii) you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with them. 
Singapore Selling Restriction 
This publication and related documents may not be distributed or circulated to, and the investment(s) mentioned herein may not be offered or 
sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor specified in Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the products are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: (A) a corporation (which is not an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (B) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) 
whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, shares, debentures 
and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the products pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 except: 
(1) to an institutional investor (for corporations under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, 
or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation 
or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for 
each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or (3) where 
the transfer is by operation of law. 
Where the document refers to a fund (the “Fund”), such Fund does not relate to a collective investment scheme which is authorised under 
section 286 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”) or recognised under section 287 of the SFA. The Fund is 
not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and shares in the Fund are not allowed to be offered to the 
retail public. Each of this document and any other document or material issued in connection with any potential offer or sale is not a prospectus 
as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should 
consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you. 
This document has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of shares in the Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may 
shares in the Fund be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to 
persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1), 
or any person pursuant to Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where shares in the Fund are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an 
individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
shares in the Fund pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law. 
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank but distributed by its Singapore branch in the conduct of its business in Singapore.  Bank 
J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Singapore Branch (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) is an exempt financial adviser under the Singapore 
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110), a wholesale bank licensed under the Singapore Banking Act (Cap. 19) and regulated by the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. 
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
United Kingdom: This document is distributed from the UK by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch, 47 Berkeley Square, London, 
W1J 5AU, to its clients, prospects and other contacts. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd offers wealth and investment management products 
and services to its clients and prospects through Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch. Registered as a foreign company in the 


[Page 10]
 
 
 
Market Update US, Europe & Asia 
FSA Competence Center Equities | 17 September 2026 | Page 10 of 10
UK number FC027699. Authorised by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission and subject to limited regulation in the United Kingdom by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registration number 466838. Details about the extent of our regula-
tion by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. Registered office 57 - 63 Line Wall 
Road, Gibraltar. Telephone calls may be recorded. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with our Data and Privacy Statement. 
Where this publication is provided to you by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Limited, London Branch: Nothing in this document is intended to 
exclude or restrict any liability that we owe to you under the regulatory system that applies to us, and in the event of conflict, any contrary 
indication is overridden. You are reminded to read all relevant documentation relating to any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek 
any specialist financial or tax advice that you need. You are not permitted to pass this document on to others, apart from your professional 
advisers. If you have received it in error please return or destroy it. 
In Switzerland this publication is distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, authorized and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA («FINMA»). All investment funds mentioned in this publication are approved for distribution in Switzerland. Structured products 
are not collective investment schemes as per the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not subject to the authorization 
or supervision by FINMA. 
The entire contents of this publication are protected by copyright law (all rights reserved). The use, modification or duplication in whole or part 
of this document is prohibited. Copyright notices and branding must neither be altered nor removed. Any not-permitted usage requires the prior 
written approval of the Bank. The same applies to the circulation of this publication. Third party data providers make no warranties or repre-
sentations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the data provided and shall have no liability for any damages of 
any kind relating to such data. 
 
© Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd  
 
