[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 20:30 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Equities
CIO View: Global equities
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
• The global earnings cycle continues to strengthen, supported by 
improving manufacturing activity and robust AI investment. Modest 
policy tightening may create volatility, but should not derail the 
equity outlook, while economic growth and corporate profits remain 
resilient.
• We maintain our Attractive view on key regions such as the US, 
Europe, and Asia. At the sector level, we favor a combination of 
cyclical sectors, such as consumer discretionary and banks, and 
sectors exposed to structural trends, such as industrials and health 
care.
• Transformational innovation remains a critical market driver. We 
believe investors should build a dedicated allocation to opportunities 
in AI, Power and resources, and Longevity. These allocations 
allow investors to pair exposure to the broadening earnings cycle 
with structural opportunities supported by capital spending, policy 
priorities, and durable demand.
• Absolute view: Attractive, Relative preference (in comparison to other 
asset classes): Neutral.
Higher oil prices and a hawkish repricing of Federal Reserve policy 
expectations have introduced some volatility in September but have not 
derailed our positive view on the asset class. Earnings, supported by 
structural and cyclical trends, should drive global equities higher over the 
next six to 12 months. We continue to recommend broad-based, well-
diversified exposure across regions and sectors, focusing particularly on 
markets benefiting from structural and cyclical drivers.
From a macroeconomic perspective, the global economy has remained 
resilient despite higher energy prices. Most economies are pursuing 
expansionary fiscal policies, manufacturing activity is recovering after 
years of contraction, and loan growth is accelerating broadly. This 
reinforces our confidence in a broad-based cyclical recovery. While 
monetary policy is becoming marginally less accommodative, we do 
not believe that a couple of calibration hikes will derail the constructive 
outlook.
Beyond the initial volatility, equities typically perform well in the early 
stages of a hiking cycle unless it is unusually steep and raises concerns 
about economic growth, as in 2022. This time, however, we expect 
inflation to gradually recede in the coming months as tariff headwinds 
fade. We therefore anticipate only a shallow hiking cycle, with abundant 
access to capital.
Global Asset Class Preference
Attractive
MSCI All Country World Index (ACWI)
  MSCI AC World  
 
14 Sep 26
  1,359
 
 
Dec 26
  1,460
 
 
Jun 27
  1,510
 
 
Source: Refinitiv Datastream, UBS
Source: Anita Affentranger
Note: This month, we have updated our 
multi-asset Asset Class Preference framework 
to bring together two useful perspectives. 
We continue to display Absolute views 
(Attractive, Neutral, Unattractive), which 
show our expected absolute direction for 
a given asset. Now, we also display relative 
preferences (Preferred, Neutral, or Least 
Preferred), to make it easier for investors 
to see which assets we like more—or less
—than the alternatives within their asset 
class, or across asset classes. For more 
information, please see the latest UBS House 
View Monthly Extended.
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that 
begin on page 4.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Global equities
Healthy access to capital also supports the structural side of the outlook. 
Investment in artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure shows no sign of 
slowing. The major hyperscalers once again guided for higher capital 
expenditures, and we expect AI capex to grow by 84% this year and a 
further 33% next year. This supports semiconductor companies, which 
benefit directly from this spending and remain among our preferred 
technology segments. At the same time, the hyperscalers—the buyers 
of this infrastructure—are showing increasing signs of monetization, 
particularly in data centers. This has reassured investors that significant AI 
infrastructure investment is increasingly translating into tangible business 
opportunities.
Resilient macroeconomic conditions and robust structural trends continue 
to support earnings. The latest earnings season was strong across regions 
in both reported results and forward guidance. Technology and energy 
stocks were major contributors, but the median company also delivered 
robust results. We expect earnings growth to broaden further in the 
coming quarters. Against this backdrop, we forecast 26% earnings 
growth this year and 14% next year for the MSCI All Country World.
Earnings growth has significantly outpaced price appreciation in recent 
months, allowing valuations to normalize. The MSCI All Country World’s 
12-month forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is now almost back in 
line with its 10-year average and nearly 15% below its November peak. 
While valuations are not outright cheap, their recent decline suggests 
that markets recognize how exceptional—and ultimately unsustainable 
over a prolonged period—the current pace of earnings growth is.
Against this backdrop, we see a broad range of opportunities and 
recommend focusing on diversification and managing concentration 
risks. We maintain our Attractive view on the three major regions—
the US, Europe and broader Asia—while holding a relative preference 
for the Eurozone, Asia ex-Japan and emerging markets, which offer an 
appealing combination of cyclical and structural exposure. Our sector 
preferences reflect the same approach: we favor a mix of cyclical areas, 
such as consumer discretionary and banks, alongside sectors benefiting 
from structural trends, including industrials and health care.
Upside scenario
MSCI ACWI June 2027 target: 1670
Tech boom: Investment in AI continues to surprise positively, adoption 
accelerates and leads to earlier- and larger-than-expected productivity 
gains.
Geopolitical de-escalation: A swift and complete reopening of the 
Strait of Hormuz could boost growth expectations while reducing inflation 
pressures.
Benign tariff policy: The Trump administration significantly reverses some 
tariffs. Business and consumer confidence rebounds sharply, driving better-
than-expected economic and corporate profit growth.
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Global equities
Downside scenario
MSCI ACWI June 2027 target: 990
Geopolitical turmoil/growth slowdown: The conflict in the Middle East 
reignites and the disruptions to energy flows continue, leading to materially 
slower economic growth.
AI: AI stocks decline because of growing concerns that returns 
on investment will disappoint, which could lead to reduced capex. 
Alternatively, a major breakthrough could render current technology or 
business models obsolete.
Inflation: Concerns give way to fears of a global economic decline, 
allowing central banks to cut rates aggressively in 2027.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help 
investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Global equities
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the 
collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total 
returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. 
Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views 
due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Global equities
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
