[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 12:00 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Why global bonds deserve a fresh look
Investment strategy insights
 
 Authors: Matthew Carter, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch; Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Tom Nash, Strategist, UBS AG
• Global bond yields have moved higher, hurting capital 
returns. The outlook for major central banks is more 
hawkish, suggesting further volatility ahead for yields.
• That said, global bonds can still offer appealing income 
and portfolio diversification for patient investors.
• Rebalancing excess cash into quality bonds and select 
high yield and emerging market credit may help 
improve portfolio resilience.
 
Source: UBS
 
Global bond markets have repriced to a world where US 
growth and inflation pressures look firmer than previously 
expected, the conflict in the Middle East appears more 
protracted than hoped, and oil supply disruptions look set 
to endure.
Strong US employment, steady economic growth, and 
firmer US price pressures (especially in the services sector) 
have all reduced expectations for US policy easing and 
increased expectations of further Fed tightening. The 
Federal Reserve delivered a hawkish hike in September, with 
a unanimous decision to raise rates 25bps, while projections 
point to a median two-hike path and rates on hold in 
2027, with upward economic projections for PCE and core 
PCE inflation. We expect the Fed to raise rates again in 
December.
In the Eurozone, the European Central Bank (ECB) recently 
raised rates, and its updated staff projections suggest that 
inflation pressures will prove more persistent than previously 
thought. Headline inflation is forecast at 3.0% in 2026, 
2.5% in 2027, and 2.1% in 2028. Compared with the June 
projections, the forecasts for 2027 and 2028 were revised 
up by 0.2 and 0.1 percentage points, respectively. Core 
government bond yields have recently traded at some of 
their highest levels since the global financial crisis. We now 
expect the ECB to raise rates again in December.
For investors already allocated to bonds, rising yields and 
falling bond values can seem unsettling. But from a longer-
term perspective—and for investors sitting on excess cash—
we believe now may be a good time to review fixed income 
allocations and consider rebalancing.
Higher starting yields can offer a larger cushion
For much of the past decade, bonds offered slim income 
opportunities in many markets. Starting yields were 
extremely low, leaving little yield “cushion” to offset periods 
of market volatility. Today, the situation is very different.
While bond prices remain sensitive to movements in 
interest rates, investors are now entering the market with 
substantially higher yields. That income stream is once again 
doing much of the heavy lifting. Across investment grade, 
high yield, and emerging market bonds, coupon income is 
helping cushion the impact of rising yields and reducing the 
likelihood of losses over a 12-month investment horizon.
Despite a significant reassessment of monetary policy 
expectations, rising government bond yields, and concerns 
about inflation, many credit sectors have continued to 
generate positive total returns because income has more 
than offset bond price declines. The relationship between 
yields and returns has become considerably more favorable 
for long-term investors, in our view.
Higher yields also mean investors have a larger yield cushion. 
Breakeven calculations indicate that many fixed income 
sectors can absorb a meaningful rise in yields before total 
returns fall below zero. For example, spreads on euro 
investment grade and high yield debt would have to rise 
This report has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch, UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and 
disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Investment strategy insights
roughly 90 and 180 basis points for total returns to fall to 
zero, while the comparable figure for EM corporate bonds 
(JPM CEMBI Index) is roughly 150 basis points.
Although forecasts for bond price appreciation have 
moderated as rate expectations have risen, expected 12-
month total returns across several major bond sectors 
remain positive and potentially more appealing than holding 
excess cash.
Why and how to diversify across bonds
In a world of persistent inflation risks, geopolitical 
uncertainty, and shifting monetary policy expectations, 
diversification remains essential. Rather than concentrating 
exposure in a single bond segment, investors can build more 
resilient portfolios by combining high-quality government 
bonds, investment grade corporate credit, selected high 
yield exposure, and emerging market debt.
We view fixed income as Attractive, and we see select 
opportunities across regions and market segments. The 
recent sharp rise in yields has created tactical opportunities 
to add some duration in high quality bonds. Medium- to 
long-duration, high-quality bonds have scope for price gains 
and can provide valuable diversification in an economic 
downturn.
In the Eurozone, the combination of upward-sloping yield 
curves (where investors are rewarded for taking more 
interest rate risk) and attractive all-in yields may present 
some tactical opportunities to extend duration in high-
quality European government bonds.
We especially like the most financially sound Northern 
European issuers. We also see selective opportunities in 
countries where fiscal and political uncertainty continue to 
support attractive risk premiums relative to fundamentals.
In credit, stronger investment-grade issuers offer attractive 
carry across medium tenors, while exposure to higher-
risk credit should remain relatively short-dated. We remain 
more cautious on the longest-dated bonds, given fiscal 
sustainability concerns and the growing extent of AI-related 
debt issuance. Investors should calibrate both credit risk and 
duration to their objectives and investment horizons—for 
example more income-focused investors may prefer shorter 
maturities to reduce duration risk.
The investment case for emerging market credit
Emerging market credit remains one of the most 
compelling opportunities within global fixed income, 
in our view. We believe the asset class offers 
attractive income, diversification benefits, and increasingly 
resilient fundamentals. Many sovereign borrowers have 
strengthened external balances, while corporate issuers 
generally maintain conservative leverage and solid earnings 
momentum.
Supportive technical conditions have also underpinned 
performance. While spreads are near historically tight levels, 
return potential continues to be supported by relatively high 
all-in yields.
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Investment strategy insights
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Investment strategy insights
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
