[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 20:35 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Investment grade
CIO View: Investment grade
Antoine Geiller, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Carolina Corvalan, CFA, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
• We hold an Attractive view on investment grade bonds. We find the 
outright level of yields appealing (5.5% in USD and 4.2% in EUR).
• Our core preference remains for short- to medium-duration 
investment grade bonds, where we continue to see the most 
attractive balance between yield and interest rate risk. However, the 
rise in long-dated government bond yields has created opportunities 
to selectively extend duration through high-quality investment grade 
issuers.
• Investor demand for high-quality credit should remain strong in 
light of elevated yield levels and solid investment grade corporate 
fundamentals.
• Absolute view: Attractive; Relative preference (in comparison to other 
fixed income segments): Neutral
Central scenario
Investment grade bond yields remain elevated at 5.5% in US IG (1-10y) 
and 4.2% in EUR IG, up about 100bps since the start of the year. The move 
higher in yields this year has mostly been driven by the shift higher in policy 
rate expectations following the start of the US-Iran war. Meanwhile, credit 
spreads have remained in a relatively tight range amid resilient growth, 
solid fundamentals, and strong investor demand.
Geopolitical tensions in the Middle East remain elevated, with higher 
oil prices representing the principal near-term risk to financial markets. 
Uncertainty also persists around the durability of the geopolitical risk 
premium currently embedded in energy and refined product markets. At 
the same time, monetary policy remains in focus following the Fed's 25bps 
rate hike yesterday. In our view, market pricing appears overly hawkish, 
with investors discounting roughly 75-80bps of additional tightening 
across the US and Europe over the next 12 months. While we expect 
one further 25bps hike by year-end for both regions, we do not view 
this as the start of a renewed tightening cycle comparable to that of 
2022. Importantly, higher policy rates are not, in isolation, a credit-negative 
development. For credit markets, the growth outlook remains the key 
determinant of performance. As long as economic activity remains broadly 
resilient and financing conditions stay supportive, we believe credit spreads 
should remain well anchored despite a modestly higher rate environment.
On the demand side, investor appetite for high-quality bonds has remained 
generally robust this year in the context of appealing yields, resilient 
Global Asset Class Preference
Attractive
Bloomberg US Int. / Bloomberg Euro Agg. 
Corporate spread
16 Sep 26
  68.0
  84.0
 
Dec 26
  70.0
  80.0
 
Jun 27
  70.0
  80.0
 
Source: Bloomberg Barclays, UBS
Note: This month, we have updated our 
multi-asset asset class preference framework 
to bring together two useful perspectives. 
We continue to display absolute views 
(Attractive, Neutral, Unattractive), which 
show our expected absolute direction for 
a given asset. Now, we also display relative 
preferences (Preferred, Neutral, or Least 
Preferred) to make it easier for investors to 
see which assets we like more—or less—
than the alternatives within their asset class 
or across asset classes. For more information, 
please see the latest UBS House View 
Monthly Extended.
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that begin on 
page 4.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Investment grade
growth, solid earnings, and contained rate volatility, as evidenced by 
continued solid fund inflows. Strong demand has helped absorb elevated 
bond supply. A large portion of the increased supply came from US 
hyperscalers funding AI-related capex, a trend that is likely to continue in 
the year ahead given ongoing elevated capital spending needs.
Our view has been that a sustained elevated pace of bond supply from 
hyperscalers could lead to some supply indigestion and moderately wider 
spreads, which we have seen since the start of the year. Hyperscaler bonds 
currently represent about 4% of the US IG Intermediate index. However, 
from a fundamental perspective, we note that most hyperscalers are rated 
AA or higher and have considerable debt capacity under their current 
ratings, meaning they can increase debt levels without compromising 
their current credit ratings. Over the medium term, we expect current 
elevated capex levels to boost operating free cash flow as investments 
in AI infrastructure are monetized over time, particularly as AI adoption 
increases. The recent earnings season provided some encouraging signs in 
this direction, as cloud revenues and backlogs grew strongly among several 
hyperscalers. We recently published a note examining both the impact of 
hyperscaler bond issuance and the underlying credit fundamentals of these 
issuers.
In aggregate, fundamentals remain solid. Based on preliminary 2Q26 
earnings (according to data from BofA), median y/y EBITDA growth 
accelerated to 10.7% in 2Q, the highest level since 2021, while net debt 
growth was muted at 0.1% y/y. Median net leverage for US IG issuers 
(excluding financials and utilities) fell to 2.0x from 2.1x in 1Q. Over the 
last three months, upgrades have continued to outpace downgrades on 
average.
In our base case, we believe continued solid investor demand amid 
good fundamentals and resilient growth should continue to underpin 
the market. All-in yields of over 5.0% for US IG and 4.0% for EUR IG 
remain elevated relative to historical levels based on data since 2010. 
In our view, these elevated yield levels should support positive total 
returns for high-grade bonds. In general, we continue to favor short- to 
medium-maturity bonds, where risk-reward remains most attractive. Yet 
it is worth acknowledging that select long-dated government bond yields 
have become more appealing for investors seeking portfolio diversification.
We find the outright level of yields appealing and believe investors with 
excess cash holdings should consider locking in current yields in short- to 
medium-duration investment grade bonds for attractive income prospects. 
In particular, we note that investors do not need to give up yield to deploy 
excess cash holdings into medium-duration investment grade bonds, as 
IG bond yields are higher than prevailing cash rates. However, the rise in 
long-dated government bond yields has created opportunities to selectively 
extend duration through high-quality investment grade issuers.
Key risks to our view include a meaningful slowdown or an outright 
recession, though we believe spread widening would be offset to a 
significant extent by falling interest rates in this scenario. If interest rate 
volatility rises again, particularly if driven by concerns about reaccelerating 
inflation, this could eventually place renewed upward pressure on credit 
spreads. Finally, periodic episodes of supply indigestion, particularly driven 
by AI-related technology sector issuance, continue to represent a risk factor 
that could lead to modestly wider spreads.
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Investment grade
Upside scenario
Bloomberg Barclays US Int. Corp. June 2027 target: 60bps
Bloomberg Barclays Euro-Agg. Corp. June 2027 target: 70bps
Goldilocks
A swift resolution to the conflict in the Middle East would allow oil prices 
to stabilize below USD 90/bbl. Disinflation resumes in the US once the 
tariff and energy impacts have been passed through. Investment spending 
and AI adoption exceed expectations. Healthy consumption, buoyant 
investment, and strong productivity growth allow the US economy to grow 
by 2.5-3% in 2026 and 2027. Residual negative tariff effects are offset by 
business-friendly policies in the US, Europe, and China.
Downside scenario
Yield Pressure: Bloomberg Barclays US Int. Corp. June 2027 target: 
90bps, Bloomberg Barclays Euro-Agg. Corp. June 2027 target: 
100bps
Oil prices remain under upward pressure due to prolonged disruptions of 
flows through the Strait of Hormuz or widespread destruction of energy 
infrastructure in the Middle East. Business investment and hiring remain 
strong in a concentrated number of economic sectors. Concerns rise about 
longer-term inflation and the credibility of monetary and fiscal policy. 
Longer-term bond yields drift higher. Central banks face pressure to raise 
interest rates despite pockets of weakness in the economy. Labor market 
softness leads to further wage growth slowing.
AI bear market: Bloomberg Barclays US Int. Corp. June 2027 target: 
180bps, Bloomberg Barclays Euro-Agg. Corp. June 2027 target: 
190bps
AI stocks deflate due to growing concerns over low returns on investment 
and unsustainable commitments by large AI companies. Worsening 
investor sentiment leads to a broader market decline. The downward trend 
in equity markets feeds through to the real economy via the sentiment 
and wealth channels. Declining investment in AI infrastructure allows for a 
redistribution of resources into other segments of the economy, allowing 
US GDP to grow by 0.5-1% in 2026 and 2027. Inflation concerns give way 
to fears of a global economic decline, allowing central banks to cut rates 
aggressively in 2027.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help 
investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its 
asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Investment grade
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the 
collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total 
returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. 
Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views 
due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/
or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made 
as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any 
forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change 
without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions 
of UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in 
the preparation of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine 
the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure 
the performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or 
performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving 
this document and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this 
document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or 
employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry 
out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other 
services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any 
company commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to 
buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in 
UBS research publications. Some investments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and 
therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies 
on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, 
units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial 
risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for 
its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some investments may be subject 
to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be required to 
pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Investment grade
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and 
other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating 
systems of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, 
investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts 
(for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and 
valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to 
each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access 
to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization 
that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both 
in general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account 
the particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that 
you take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned 
herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in 
writing UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no 
liability whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. 
This report is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on 
the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, 
and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the 
relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports 
on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the 
UBS Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime 
or naming conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG 
analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be 
consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable 
investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability 
issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an 
External Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External 
Asset Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this 
report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
