[Page 1]
UBS House View
Monthly Letter  |  17 September 2026  |  Chief Investment Office GWM, Investment Research 
Mark Haefele
Chief Investment Officer
Global Wealth Management
	 Follow me on LinkedIn
       linkedin.com/in/markhaefele
Rally intact 
Resilient economic growth 
and robust earnings should 
support further equity gains 
over the next six to 12 
months, despite higher rates 
and geopolitical uncertainty.
AI bubble? 
We view AI as transforma­
tional, not simply a specula­
tive bubble. Falling costs, 
expanding use cases, and 
strong infrastructure 
demand should continue to 
support earnings.
Debt concerns 
Higher debt-servicing costs 
are a risk, but the effects will 
differ across asset classes. 
This strengthens the case for 
thoughtful portfolio con­
struction rather than remain­
ing uninvested.
Stay invested
Over time, inflation, taxes, 
withdrawals, and missed 
compounding can make 
waiting to invest a risky 
choice. Investors should put 
cash in excess of liquidity 
needs to work.
War, Warsh, and what to do now 
The war in the Middle East has pushed Brent crude oil prices back above USD 100 
per barrel. Inflation is proving sticky. And the artificial intelligence (AI) investment 
boom is colliding with tight memory supply and a debate around safety. Both the 
European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve have also increased interest rates 
by 25 basis points at their September meetings. Fed Chair Kevin Warsh said that 
the central bank had removed a "dose of accommodation," as "the plain fact is 
that inflation is too high and has been for too long."
Despite all this, we believe the equity rally will continue over the next six to 12 
months. Of course, rate hikes will not produce more oil or chips, and rising gov­
ernment debt will complicate the outlook. 
But we have learned over the years that investors should not automatically assume 
that geopolitical shocks will cause lasting market weakness or that debt chal­
lenges will affect every asset negatively. With earnings growth still strong and 
lower inference costs stimulating AI adoption, we believe the fundamental sup­
ports for the rally remain intact.
Indeed, for many investors, we see a bigger problem than oil, chips, or the Fed: 
An excessive fear of investing, leading too many to hold far more cash than they 
need while waiting for a better time to invest. This is understandable: Cash feels 
safe over short horizons. But over time, inflation, taxes, withdrawals, and missed 
compounding can make waiting the riskier choice for long-term investors.
In this letter, we explain why we believe the rally will continue in the months 
ahead. We also address four pressing concerns: all-time highs and valuations, the 
AI investment cycle, government debt and interest rates, and the war in Iran and 
its impact on oil prices. Finally, we remind investors with heavy cash balances 
about the imperative to invest.
Our views, live with Q&A
The next CIO global livestream 
will take place on 22 September. 
Join here or watch the replay.
This report has been prepared by UBS AG. 
Please see important disclaimers and ­disclosures 
at the end of the document. 


[Page 2]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
2
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Why we think the rally will keep going, despite everything 
We believe the equity rally will continue over the coming six to 12 months for 
five reasons:
First, the global economy remains on solid footing. US factory activity has stayed 
in expansion for eight consecutive months (on average, the ISM has remained 
expansionary for three years), while the Eurozone manufacturing PMI for August 
marked the strongest reading in over four years. Defense spending in Europe also 
provides fiscal support. Across Asia, economic growth remains resilient, and we 
expect Japan's economic expansion to accelerate in 2027. A solid growth back­
drop means markets should be able to tolerate higher yields. 
Second, we think Fed and ECB hikes in the context of resilient growth should not 
yet be of major concern to equity market investors. Historically, the time to be 
concerned about market performance after rate hikes is when growth starts to 
falter. We expect just one more 25-basis-point hike from the Fed, and the Fed’s 
own model suggests the two hikes would reduce economic growth by only a few 
tenths of a percentage point.
Third, earnings remain the central market driver. At the end of 2Q26, US nominal 
GDP was growing at 6.6% year over year (broken down approximately into 2.1% 
real GDP growth and a 4.4% increase in the GDP deflator, the broad price mea­
sure for domestically produced output). This economic backdrop offers a favorable 
environment for companies to grow revenues and generate profits. An improving 
labor market should sustain consumer spending, while stronger manufacturing 
activity provides evidence that growth is broadening beyond a narrow technol­
ogy story. 
Fourth, AI-related investment remains a powerful tailwind. With second-quarter 
results validating both growing demand for and returns on AI infrastructure 
investment, we believe strong AI-related spending should continue to support 
earnings and economic growth, as well as investor confidence.
Figure 1
Earnings remain the central market driver
S&P 500 earnings growth, % y/y
We expect equities to rally further, 
supported by solid economic 
growth, strong corporate 
earnings, and tailwinds from AI 
investment.
Elevated inflation supports 
nominal GDP and corporate 
revenue growth.
This chart shows plots S&P 500 earnings growth
, in
clud
ing 
CIO 
esti
mate
s fo
r 
20
26
 an
d
 2
02
7, 
showing that earnings remain the central market driver. The data is sourced from FactSet, UBS, as of 15 September 2026.


[Page 3]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
3
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Overall, we forecast S&P 500 earnings to grow 25% this year, followed by a 14% 
increase in 2027, and we expect earnings growth in the Eurozone to be 15% for 
both this year and next. Such robust earnings mean that stocks should continue 
to perform well despite the 10-year yield closing in on levels that weighed on risk 
appetite in previous episodes.
Fifth, oil and inflation remain risks, but our base case is for relatively limited energy 
disruption and an inflation shock that does not become sufficiently broad or per­
sistent to derail growth. If the conflict de-escalates on a sustained basis and 
energy production and refining conditions improve, the Fed may need to tighten 
only modestly more from here. Other sources of US inflation appear relatively bal­
anced, with limited pressure from wages and housing only offset by rising costs 
for select inputs linked to the AI capital-spending cycle, notably memory chips. 
None of this means we expect a straight-line rally. If inflation were to reaccelerate, 
prompting a more prolonged tightening cycle, or if oil disruption intensifies to a 
point that threatens growth, that would justify greater caution. More prolonged 
tightening could also create access-to-capital concerns for parts of the AI ecosys­
tem where external financing has become more relevant. This, or another negative 
AI shock—such as a slowdown in capex momentum versus expectations—would 
also make us more cautious. A further risk is that long-term yields rise to a level 
that sharpens concerns about the affordability of government debt and under­
mines liquidity and investor confidence.
But for now, we think the balance of evidence favors staying invested while diver­
sifying and managing concentration risk.
Addressing key concerns
Many investors I speak to acknowledge the case for the rally to continue. But 
many also remain hesitant about putting excess cash to work, because of a hand­
ful of persistent concerns. Here are four of the most important:
Concern 1: Markets are close to all-time highs and valuations look high
At the time of writing, the S&P 500 is just 3% below its record high. Based on 
consensus earnings estimates, it currently trades at around 19x 12-month forward 
earnings, versus a 25-year average of 16.7x. The longer-term cyclically adjusted 
price-to-earnings (CAPE) ratio appears even more elevated: At around 40.6x, it 
stands in approximately the 99th percentile since 1881.
Robust earnings mean that stocks 
should perform despite 10-year 
yields at multi-year highs.
Markets close to all-time highs 
and expensive valuations may 
deter some investors.


[Page 4]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
4
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Figure 2
All-time highs are not a rare occurrence
Historical analysis of S&P 500 total returns 1926-2025
These figures understandably concern investors. But while "all-time high" can 
sound like an alarm bell, history suggests it is neither rare nor a reliable warning 
signal. Over the last 100 years, the S&P 500 has traded either at or within 10% of 
an all-time high for more than two-thirds of the time. Over the last 30 years, its 
average return in the 12 months following an all-time high has been 11.7% (com­
pared to 10% in all other periods).
Meanwhile, valuations have a poor record as short-term timing tools. Alan 
Greenspan's famous warning about "irrational exuberance" in December 1996 
was followed by a near quadrupling of the Nasdaq over the next three years. 
While cyclically adjusted measures such as the CAPE have historically provided 
some guidance on longer-term returns, they can also struggle during periods of 
structural change. Today's CAPE still incorporates pandemic-era earnings weak­
ness while only partially reflecting the sharp increase in corporate profitability seen 
in recent years.
Most importantly, valuations depend on earnings. If today's earnings growth 
proves sustainable, seemingly rich valuations can quickly become more reason­
able. We have already seen this in the semiconductor sector, which now trades at 
roughly 21x forward earnings, below the 24x average since the launch of 
ChatGPT and well below the 33x peak reached earlier in the cycle.
More broadly, despite the surge in market levels, the S&P 500's forward price-to-
earnings (P/E) ratio also stands only at the 72nd percentile of the past 25 years' 
This pie chart shows S&P 500 ti
me spent at all-time highs (ATH), within 10% of 
ATH, in bull market 
cor
rection, in be
ar 
market
 dr
awdown, and 
in bear mar
ke
t recovery. 
The chart
 em
phasizes tha
t a
ll-ti
me high
s are not a rare occurrence. The chart is based on an historical analysis of S&P 500 total returns 1926-2026 and data is sourced from Bloomberg, UBS, as of 17 September 2026.
All-time highs are neither rare nor 
a reliable warning signal.
If today's earnings growth proves 
sustainable, seemingly rich 
valuations can quickly become 
more reason­able.


[Page 5]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
5
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
history: Expensive, but not exceptionally so. It is also entirely plausible that the 
CAPE ratio falls while markets rise in the years ahead, as earnings catch up with 
what may prove to be a new normal for profitability.
Figure 3
Remember: valuations depend on earnings as well as multiples
S&P 500 earnings per share (lhs) and 12-month forward P/E ratio (rhs)
Of course, whether today’s valuations prove reasonable will ultimately depend on 
earnings continuing to grow, which brings us to the concern that markets may 
depend too heavily on a single theme: artificial intelligence.
Concern 2: Is AI a bubble?
Capital expenditure (capex) on AI has been enormous. We expect global AI-related 
capex to reach around USD 900bn in 2026 and USD 1.2tr in 2027. 
If AI proves to be another speculative boom and investment rates drop sharply, 
today's earnings expectations are likely to disappoint. But if AI investment leads to 
a transformation in how businesses operate, today's earnings growth may repre­
sent only the beginning of a much longer surge in corporate profitability.
Our view is that AI is better understood as a technological transformation than a 
speculative bubble. One reason is that capabilities continue to improve rapidly. The 
latest models are increasingly able to interact directly with existing software and 
perform tasks across applications that were not originally designed for AI automa­
tion. This is expanding the universe of potential use cases beyond chatbots and 
content generation, creating opportunities across research, operations, software 
development, customer service, and knowledge work more broadly.
This figure contains two charts, plotting S&P 50
0 ea
rnin
gs p
er s
hare
 and
 12-
mont
h f
orw
ar
d 
pri
ce
-t
o
-e
ar
nings ratio, respectively. The figure recalls that valuations depend not only on multiples, but also on earnings. The data is sourced from Bloomberg, UBS, as of 15 September 2026.
AI models are becoming more 
capable and cheaper to use. Lower 
costs are encouraging adoption 
and supporting compute demand.


[Page 6]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
6
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
A second reason is that falling costs appear to be stimulating demand rather than 
destroying it. According to OpenRouter data, since the end of June, blended AI 
token pricing has fallen by around 42%, while volumes have increased by roughly 
176%. This reflects a familiar pattern from previous technological revolutions: 
When a technology becomes cheaper and more capable, adoption tends to accel­
erate as new use cases emerge.
Figure 4
Token usage is rising as costs come down
OpenRouter 7-day average aggregate token usage (lhs; tr) and cost of frontier model inference (rhs; USD/
mn tokens)
This dynamic also helps explain why demand for AI infrastructure remains strong. 
Recent earnings reports across the semiconductor, networking, and cloud-
computing ecosystem suggest that demand for AI compute continues to exceed 
expectations. NVIDIA recently raised its revenue growth outlook for the next fiscal 
year to 70%, well above prior consensus expectations of 42%, while Broadcom, 
Dell, and Oracle have all reported stronger-than-expected AI-related demand.
Of course, important uncertainties remain. It is not yet clear how the economics of 
AI will ultimately be distributed between chip designers, cloud providers, model 
developers, and application companies. Nor is it certain that current levels of 
investment will generate returns sufficient to justify the capital being deployed. 
One concern we are also watching closely is whether rising memory prices absorb 
an increasing share of AI spending. If higher capex simply raises the cost of 
This chart plots Openrouter 7-day average aggregate token us
a
ge
 a
n
d 
cos
t o
f f
ron
t
i
e
r 
mo
de
l infere
nce, show
ing that 
tok
en 
usa
ge 
is rising as cost
s come down. This data is sourced from Openrouter, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 15 September. 2026.
Important uncertainties remain. It 
is not yet clear how the economics 
of AI will ultimately be distributed.


[Page 7]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
7
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
building the same amount of usable infrastructure, returns on investment could 
disappoint even while headline spending remains impressive.
But technological revolutions rarely arrive in a neat, orderly, and perfectly priced 
fashion. And for investors, we think the more important question is not whether 
every AI investment succeeds, but whether AI can continue to expand aggregate 
earnings and economic activity. We believe it can.
Concern 3: Government debt: risk or reality?
One of the dominant stories in markets this year has been the rise in government 
bond yields. The 10-year US Treasury yield has risen above 5.0%, while long-dated 
yields in Germany and Japan have also reached multi-decade highs. One concern 
that repeatedly resurfaces in my conversations with clients is whether government 
debt levels are becoming unsustainable.
Government debt has risen materially since the global financial crisis. According to 
the IMF, debt-to-GDP ratios for the UK, US, France, and Japan rose from 43%, 
65%, 66%, and 150%, respectively, in 2007 to 102%, 124%, 116%, and 207% 
by the end of last year. For much of that period, the increase in debt carried little 
fiscal cost because bond yields fell sharply and central banks became major buyers 
of government bonds.
Figure 5
Debt levels and servicing costs are a point of concern
General government debt-to-GDP ratio (lhs; %) and net cost of debt to government revenues (rhs; %)
One of the dominant stories in 
markets this year has been the rise 
in government bond yields.
This figure shows two charts, plotting General 
government debt-to-GDP ratio and Net cost 
of
 debt t
o 
government 
re
venues,
 r
espectively
, f
or 
a
 s
am
pl
e 
o
f
 
ma
jor 
econ
omies
 in 
2007
, 2025, and CIO estimates for 2030. The charts emphasize that sovereign debt levels and servicing costs are generally rising. Note: the 2030 estimates assume yields remain elevated. This data is sourced from IMF, Bloomberg, UBS, as of 14 September 2026.


[Page 8]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
8
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
That environment has now changed. Since yields bottomed in 2021, central banks 
have raised interest rates and simultaneously begun reducing their bond holdings. 
Governments must therefore refinance large quantities of debt at substantially 
higher borrowing costs. We estimate that if yields remain near current levels, 
annual net interest costs could rise to 17.7% of revenues in the US, 9.2% in the 
UK, 7.5% in France, and 5.4% in Japan by 2030.
Higher debt-servicing costs could lead to higher taxes, lower government spend­
ing, tighter financial conditions, or some combination of the three. Higher bond 
yields also raise borrowing costs for households and businesses while increasing 
the discount rate applied to future corporate earnings.
But high debt levels do not automatically imply poor investment returns. 
Governments have several ways to manage debt burdens, including growth, infla­
tion, fiscal adjustment, and financial repression. And the path chosen matters 
enormously for investors. Some outcomes would be challenging for productive 
assets, while others could prove more damaging to cash and fixed-income inves­
tors than to equities. 
For example, aggressive fiscal tightening could weaken demand and corporate 
earnings, weighing on equities and real estate. By contrast, a gradual reduction in 
debt through moderately higher inflation, negative real interest rates, and finan­
cial repression could erode the purchasing power of cash and fixed-rate bonds, 
while equities and other assets with pricing power would be relatively bet­
ter placed.
The lesson for us is not that rising debt is harmless, but that its effects are unlikely 
to be uniform across asset classes. Rising debt is therefore a reason to think care­
fully about portfolio construction, not necessarily a reason to avoid investing, and 
potentially even a reason to consider it.
Concern 4: Geopolitics and a more uncertain world
Investors are once again grappling with geopolitical risk. The immediate concern is 
the continuing US-Iran conflict and disruptions to energy flows through both the 
Strait of Hormuz and the Red Sea. 
Brent crude has risen back above USD 100 per barrel, while reduced Middle 
Eastern exports and depleted inventories have made the market more vulnerable 
to further escalation. The US Energy Information Administration estimates that 
global oil inventories have fallen by around 400 million barrels this year and 
expects substantial Middle Eastern output to remain offline through year-end.
These developments matter. Higher oil prices can weigh on growth, push inflation 
higher, and increase pressure on central banks to keep interest rates elevated. But 
the challenge for investors is that they must make two forecasts at once: first, 
Rising debt is a reason to think 
care­fully about portfolio 
construction, not necessarily a 
reason to avoid investing.
Markets frequently sell off when 
geopolitical crises emerge, but 
those declines are often driven 
more by uncertainty than by 
lasting economic damage.


[Page 9]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
9
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
whether a geopolitical event will prove economically significant, and second, 
whether the consequences are already reflected in asset prices. History suggests 
that both forecasts are harder to make than they might seem.
Markets frequently sell off when geopolitical crises emerge, but those declines are 
often driven more by uncertainty than by lasting economic damage. Our analysis 
puts the median duration of an S&P 500 geopolitical drawdown at just 16 days. 
Since the attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941, the S&P 500 has been higher 12 months 
after the start of a geopolitical crisis roughly three-quarters of the time and recov­
ered within a month in around half of cases.
We have seen similar patterns recently. Following President Trump's "Liberation 
Day" tariff announcement on 2 April 2025, the S&P 500 fell 11.5% in five trading 
sessions before recovering those losses within a month. Earlier this year, after the 
first US strikes on Iran, the market fell 7.8% over 21 trading sessions but recov­
ered its starting point within nine trading days thereafter.
Figure 6
Geopolitics-related market shocks tend to fade
S&P 500 with annotations marking the recent tariff and oil shocks
Of course, the current conflict could still escalate, and the supply crunch could 
worsen. But investors should also remember that geopolitical situations can 
change quickly—as we have seen many times in 2026. A ceasefire, a reopening of 
disrupted energy flows, increased production elsewhere, or a diplomatic agree­
ment could all ease pressure on oil markets much faster than is currently assumed. 
In our view, investors should therefore be cautious about assuming that current 
geopolitical fears will persist indefinitely.
History suggests that geopolitical 
shocks are rarely a sufficient 
reason to stop investing.
This chart plots the S&P 500 index with annotati
ons 
mark
ing 
the 
rece
nt t
ariff
 and 
oil s
hocks
, sho
wing that geopolitics-related market shocks tend to fade. This data is sourced from Bloomberg, UBS, as of 14 September 2026.


[Page 10]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
10
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
History suggests that geopolitical shocks are rarely a sufficient reason to stop 
investing. For diversified portfolios, the long-term cost of remaining uninvested 
has often proved greater than the temporary cost of living through a geopoliti­
cal drawdown.
Why investing remains critical for the long-term
By definition, a portfolio needs to earn a return equal to inflation to maintain its 
purchasing power. If it must also fund withdrawals, taxes, or a longer-than-
expected lifetime, a meaningful positive real return is likely required.
In our view, cash is unlikely to meet that hurdle over the long term. Even today's 
high cash yields are partly offset by inflation and, in many jurisdictions, taxation. 
We also do not expect the current unusually high real cash rates to persist indefi­
nitely. We estimate the long-run pretax real return on cash at just 0.7%.
To overcome the combined challenge of inflation, taxes, longevity, and withdraw­
als, investors need a higher long-term return than cash is likely to provide. 
Let's take a simplified illustration. Suppose an investor starts with USD 10mn and 
withdraws USD 400k each year, with withdrawals rising each year in line with 
inflation. After 28 years, a portfolio earning a cash-like real return of 0.7% would 
be depleted. Using data from the UBS Global Investment Returns Yearbook, a 
global equity portfolio would have lasted longer than 28 years on approximately 
98% of occasions, with a median remaining balance of USD 31.1 million in 
real terms.
In this respect, cash is best thought of as a tank of water, while equities are more 
like a river. The tank is more predictable day to day, but if it is continually drawn 
upon, it will eventually run dry. The river is less predictable, but over time offers a 
much greater chance of replenishing itself.
The greatest threat to long-term wealth creation therefore is often not a single 
market correction, but the decision to remain on the sidelines while waiting for 
certainty. In our view, investors should focus less on finding the perfect entry point 
and more on building a disciplined process: maintaining sufficient liquidity for 
near-term needs while steadily putting excess cash to work in pursuit of their 
long-term goals.
Investment conclusion
Given this imperative to invest and our view that the balance of evidence favors 
staying invested, we recommend that investors position for further upside while 
diversifying and managing concentration risk. Investors should position for oppor­
tunity but also avoid becoming dependent on any single outcome.
To overcome the combined 
challenge of inflation, taxes, 
longevity, and withdraw­als, 
investors need a higher long-term 
return than cash is likely to 
provide.


[Page 11]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
11
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Position for market upside
Elevated valuations, fiscal concerns, and geopolitical risks may make waiting for a 
better entry point seem prudent. Yet resilient growth, broadening S&P 500 earn­
ings growth of 14% next year, and estimated AI investment of USD 1.2tr in 2027 
continue to support equities, while strong profit growth is helping moderate valu­
ation pressures. We expect positive returns across the US and most global mar­
kets, although selectivity remains important as expectations are elevated. Investors 
should maintain diversified core equity exposure, reduce concentrated single-stock 
positions, and consider capital preservation or structured participation strategies 
where drawdown tolerance is limited. On a relative basis, we prefer Eurozone, 
Asia ex-Japan, and emerging market equities for their more pro-cyclical exposure 
over the more defensive UK and Swiss markets.
Consider capital preservation
Capital preservation strategies can help investors retain exposure to further equity-
market gains while managing the risk of a drawdown. They may be particularly 
relevant for investors with concentrated positions, lower loss tolerance, near-term 
spending needs, or substantial gains they wish to protect. Rather than treating 
investing as an all-or-nothing decision, investors can consider replacing part of 
their linear equity exposure with strategies designed to limit losses while retaining 
measured upside participation. This can improve portfolio resilience, reduce con­
centration risk, and make it easier to remain invested through volatility. The appro­
priate structure should reflect each investor’s objectives, time horizon, liquidity 
needs, and risk tolerance. 
Figure 7
Consider capital preservation: capture upside while hedging against downturns
Indicative upside participation levels (%) for S&P 500 structures with 100% capital preservation, based on USD 
swap rates
This chart plots indicative upside participation
 lev
els 
for 
S&P 
500 
st
r
uc
tu
re
s with 100% capi
tal preservation, based on USD swap rates, making the case for using capital preservation structures to capture upside while protecting against downturns. This data is sourced from Bloomberg, UBS, as of 14 September 2026.


[Page 12]
War, Warsh, and what to do now
12
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Opportunities emerging in fixed income
We view fixed income as Attractive, with opportunities across regions and market 
segments. Emerging market bonds offer appealing yields and diversified return 
potential. In high-quality bonds, investors can consider adding exposure in the 
medium- to long-term maturity range, where yields provide income, potential 
price gains if growth slows, and portfolio diversification. Stronger investment 
grade issuers offer attractive carry across medium maturities, while higher-risk 
credit should remain relatively short dated. We are more cautious on the longest 
maturities given fiscal concerns and rising AI-related issuance. Investors should cal­
ibrate credit and duration risk to their objectives—for example, more income-
focused investors may prefer shorter maturities to reduce duration risk. In 
Switzerland, diversified income sources remain especially important.
Position for a commodity upcycle
Rising government debt, geopolitical risks, and growing power demand related to 
AI strengthen the role of real assets in diversified portfolios. Investors can consider 
actively managed commodity strategies that adapt as leadership shifts across 
industrial metals, energy, agriculture, and precious metals. Gold can retain a mea­
sured strategic role as a portfolio diversifier, but oversized precious metals alloca­
tions may offer a source of funds. Within commodities, we favor copper most on 
a relative basis, supported by investment in power grids, data centers, and electri­
fication. We see silver as less attractive on a relative basis. Position sizes should 
reflect commodity volatility and each investor’s broader real-asset exposure.
We also continue to recommend a number of strategic investment priorities, 
including:
Put cash to work. Investors should optimize returns on necessary cash, retain suf­
ficient liquidity for near-term needs, and phase excess capital into markets to 
reduce timing risk. 
Invest in transformational innovation. Diversified exposure to AI, power and 
resources, and longevity can capture structural growth while reducing reliance on 
a narrow group of market leaders.
Diversify with alternatives. A diversified allocation to alternatives—including hedge 
funds, private equity, and private credit—can help broaden return drivers and 
strengthen resilience when traditional equity and bond diversification is less 
effective.
Mark Haefele
Chief Investment Officer
Global Wealth Management


[Page 13]
13
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Disclaimer / Risk Information
Non-Traditional Assets
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, private credit, real 
estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to 
qualified investors, and only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of 
alternative investment funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an 
alternative investment fund is speculative and involves significant risks.
Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) 
may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in 
leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, 
there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of alternative 
investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be required to provide periodic pricing or 
valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information 
to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce profits.
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to 
accept them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program.
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:
•	 Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with 
investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid 
investments.
•	 Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all manag­
ers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.
•	 Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They 
involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, 
real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated 
with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.
•	 Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice, and 
the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment.
•	 Private Credit: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private credit. This could include losses stemming from 
defaults on loans, which in significant adverse circumstances could result in a substantial loss of investment.
•	 Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even 
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency 
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other risks 
(such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.
Global asset class preferences definitions 
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective judgement 
of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid and commonly known 
indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) position­
ing of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, 
and borrowing constraints. 
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class. 
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure. 
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.


[Page 14]
14
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
UBS Chief Investment Office’s (“CIO”) investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of 
UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates (“UBS”), part of UBS Group AG (“UBS Group”). UBS Group 
includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have been prepared in accordance 
with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investment 
or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the 
particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific recipient. It is based on numerous 
assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain services and products are subject to legal restric­
tions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and 
opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or 
warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and 
opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to 
change without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of 
UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation 
of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated amount 
(“Values”)) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the amounts due or pay­
able, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the performance of any financial instru­
ment including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of defining the asset alloca­
tion of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document and the information you will be deemed to represent 
and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. 
UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments 
referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any 
other services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company 
commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) 
made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some invest­
ments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying 
the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not 
suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance 
of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some invest­
ments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be 
required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. 
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other con­
stituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products independently of 
each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth Management. UBS Global Research is 
produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems of each separate research organization may 
differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a 
consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recom­
mendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or incon­
sistent. You should refer to each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients 
may have access to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the orga­
nization that produces it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research manage­
ment and senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.


[Page 15]
15
September 2026 – UBS House View Monthly Letter
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide legal or tax 
advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in general or with refer­
ence to specific client’s circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the particular investment objectives, 
financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you take financial and/or tax advice as to the 
implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing UBS 
expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability whatsoever for 
any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report is for distribution only 
under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and 
maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.
ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) refer­
enced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS Sustainable 
Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming conventions. Sustain­
able investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into investment process 
and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. 
Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain 
investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incor­
porating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or 
other sustainability issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External Asset Manager 
or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset Manager or the External Finan­
cial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS Switzerland AG, 
UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS 
Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul 
Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a report prepared by 
a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned 
in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US 
affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in 
the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or 
obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the “Municipal Advisor Rule”) and 
the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the 
Municipal Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report is dis­
tributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
