[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 20:05 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
US equity sectors
CIO View: US equity sectors
David Lefkowitz, CFA, CIO Head of US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Nadia Lovell, Head of Global Equity Strategy & Management, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Matthew Tormey, CIO Equity Strategist, US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
• Our Attractive-rated sectors in the US are consumer discretionary, 
financials, health care, industrials, and utilities. We are Neutral 
on communication services, consumer staples, energy, information 
technology, materials, and real estate.
• We retain our Attractive view on US equities. We believe the bull 
market remains intact driven by: 1) a resilient economy and strong 
profit growth, and 2) AI investment and adoption. While monetary 
policy is no longer a tailwind, we don't expect the Fed to tighten 
enough to become a meaningful headwind—though the risk bears 
watching.
CIO six-month tactical view
Our Attractive-rated sectors in the US are consumer discretionary, 
financials, health care, industrials, and utilities. We are Neutral 
on communication services, consumer staples, energy, information 
technology, materials, and real estate (Fig. 1).
We favor a selective approach to our sector positioning, with a combination 
of cyclical and secular exposure. A few of our recommended sectors offer 
both angles. In industrials, long-cycle end-markets like aerospace will likely 
provide good growth, and segments such as transportation provide short-
cycle upside. For consumer discretionary, AI adoption is a key driver for 
the largest companies in the sector. Wealth effects and moving past peak 
tariff headwinds should keep spending resilient. On the more cyclical 
side, financials should benefit from easing regulations and robust capital 
markets activity. Finally, if US economic growth disappoints, we believe 
health care and utilities should be more resilient, with the latter also having 
some exposure to AI trends.
Attractive
Consumer discretionary: The sector should benefit from resilient 
consumer spending. Year-to-date increases and volatility in energy prices 
are manageable, provided prices don't spike to new highs. AI adoption 
remains a key driver for large companies in the sector. Investors should 
be aware that the market-cap-weighted version of the sector is very 
concentrated, with Amazon and Tesla accounting for nearly 60% of the 
total.
Fig. 1: Selective positioning
S&P 500 sector preferences
Source: UBS, as of 17 September 2026
Fig. 2: Bank valuations appear 
reasonable
KBW bank index forward P/E
Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 16 September 2026
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that 
begin on page 5.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
US equity sectors
Financials: Robust capital markets activity, easing regulations, and 
improving profitability should support strong earnings growth. For 
payments, transaction volumes remain supportive while other secular 
tailwinds persist. We believe these positive trends, alongside solid 
fundamentals, position the sector well for the months ahead and should 
support valuations (Fig. 2). Recent credit trends also suggest broad stability 
across the consumer and commercial segments.
Health care: While we see no near-term catalyst for negative health 
care policies, we are watching the policy backdrop as the US midterm 
elections approach. Valuations have crept higher but still appear reasonable 
(Fig. 3), and potential upside to earnings estimates for select companies 
should benefit the sector as well. Promising new drug therapies in large 
underpenetrated end-markets such as obesity, oncology, and neurology/
psychiatry offer potential growth beyond upcoming patent expirations on 
several large products. Over the long term, we see solid continuing demand 
for medical procedures and related surgical devices supporting continued 
growth in the medical device subsector. The health care sector's defensive 
characteristics should be supportive if the US economy slows.
Industrials: The recent retracement in relative performance has reduced 
valuation just as fundamental indicators are strengthening, making 
industrials look attractive, in our view. Secular themes, such as US 
reindustrialization, aerospace demand, multi-year growth in infrastructure, 
and electrification, remain fully intact. Moreover, the continued favorable 
ISM Manufacturing index readings give us incremental confidence in a 
cyclical manufacturing upcycle (Fig. 4). Positive momentum across all these 
categories should lead to solid earnings growth, which can be accessed at 
the lowest forward valuation in more than a year. In sum, we believe the 
sector provides good growth from long cycle end-markets like aerospace 
and electrification, as well as short cycle upside from segments such as 
transportation.
Utilities: We expect significant growth in AI data centers to drive a strong 
increase in electric power demand, lift power prices, and drive additional 
capital spending for new power supply. The combination of these factors 
should drive accelerating EPS growth. Though data center development is 
becoming a more political issue, we believe hyperscalers and data center 
developers will fund all the cost of the energy infrastructure expansion. 
Natural gas-fired generation will likely be a large part of the new electricity 
capacity, but renewables (particularly solar) should also benefit, driven by 
the need for new energy supply, state and local government mandates, as 
well as private sector decarbonization goals. Affordability and regulatory 
risks must be monitored to support the earnings growth, but the sector's 
defensive characteristics should offer ballast in a portfolio if the economy 
slows.
Neutral
Communication services: We think the risk-reward for the sector 
is balanced. AI adoption continues to make progress and AI-driven 
improvements in content recommendations, advertising, cost efficiencies, 
and new opportunities in monetizing GenAI products provide support for 
the sector. However, hyperscaler capex estimates for 2026 have surged 
beyond our expectations, and out-year capex estimates likely have an 
upward bias. At the same time, investor concerns regarding near-term 
returns on this spending likely cap valuations. Aggressive investment 
Fig. 3: Health care valuations have 
risen but are not excessive
S&P 500 health care forward P/E relative to S&P 500
Source: FactSet, UBS, as of 16 September 2026
Fig. 4: Manufacturing sentiment 
should remain in expansion phase
US ISM Manufacturing index (above 50 indicates 
expansion)
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 16 September 2026
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
US equity sectors
reflects intense competition between both private and public AI model 
developers, which could limit free cash flow generation for some time. 
Investors should be aware that the market-cap-weighted version of the 
sector is very concentrated, with Alphabet and Meta accounting for nearly 
80% of the total.
Consumer staples: Pricing power has eroded as US inflation has cooled 
after its post-COVID-19 surge, and companies will need to rely more on 
a pickup in volumes to drive revenue growth, which continues to be 
somewhat elusive. Some higher-quality companies in the sector appear 
fully valued, in our view.
Energy: The sector has been one of the strongest performers this year. 
The escalation of the US-Iran conflict in early March and the subsequent 
disruption to energy flows have led to higher oil prices. In our view, energy 
flows will still need time to get back to normal levels, and we may be in an 
elevated oil price environment for some time. This may present an upside 
risk to current prices. However, we would then expect a gradual decline in 
oil prices again by year-end. Over the long term, we believe we will need to 
add new supplies of fossil fuels, which could support revenue and earnings 
growth for oil field service companies and energy infrastructure providers, 
including pipeline operators, in addition to currently high margins for 
refined products.
Information technology: We think the risk-reward for the sector is 
balanced and investors should not have outsized exposure. Some segments 
have been the primary beneficiaries of the surge in AI data center 
spending. Although we believe capital spending estimates have an upward 
bias, concerns over a longer-term moderation in growth rates should 
continue to cap valuation expansion for beneficiaries. Additionally, AI 
tools are reducing the cost of software development, which could lead 
to greater competition and more uncertainty in the long-term outlook 
for software incumbents. Finally, tech hardware has benefited from a 
strong smartphone replacement cycle, which may cool off at a time when 
valuations are full. We maintain our Attractive view on AI. We believe the 
AI opportunity is broader than the S&P 500 IT sector.
Materials: End-market trends among subsectors are highly bifurcated, 
with supply-side disruption supporting mining and commodity chemical 
company profits but subdued demand weighing on coatings and 
packaging. Key sector drivers such as residential construction, auto 
manufacturing, consumer packaging, and Chinese economic activity 
remain muted, while non-residential construction appears to be inflecting 
positively. And while mining companies represent a minority of the sector 
in the US, tightness in industrial and precious metal markets has become 
more prominent, supporting mining profits. Taking these crosswinds into 
consideration, we believe a balanced view is appropriate.
Real estate: Some key segments (industrial and multi-family) continue to 
demonstrate improving operating fundamentals after digesting a sharp rise 
in new capacity in recent years. That said, cash flow growth will likely be 
moderate for the foreseeable future, and valuations look full. Note that 
our view is on the publicly traded real estate sector and does not reflect a 
view on privately owned real estate.
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
US equity sectors
Global asset class preferences 
definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment 
decisions. The preferences reflect the collective judgment of the members 
of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected 
total returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View 
scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that 
the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment 
strategies may differ from these views due to factors including portfolio 
construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider 
opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term 
exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider 
alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two 
additional preferences.
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most 
attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least 
attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier 
rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least 
Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
US equity sectors
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
US equity sectors
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
