[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 20:05 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
US equities
CIO View: US Equities
David Lefkowitz, CFA, CIO Head of US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Nadia Lovell, Head of Global Equity Strategy & Management, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Matthew Tormey, CIO Equity Strategist, US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
• US stocks have been slightly weaker in recent weeks. A strong 
second-quarter earnings season has had to contend with a re-
escalation of the US-Iran war and higher interest rates.
• We believe the bull market remains intact driven by: 1) a resilient 
economy and strong profit growth, and 2) AI investment and 
adoption. While monetary policy is no longer a tailwind, we don't 
think the Fed will need to hike enough for monetary policy to become 
a meaningful headwind, but this bears watching.
• Our December 2026 and June 2027 S&P 500 price targets are 8,100 
and 8,400. We expect S&P 500 EPS growth of 25% (USD 350) in 
2026 and 14% (USD 400) in 2027.
• Absolute view: Attractive; Relative preference (in comparison to other 
equity regions): Neutral
Central scenario
US equity performance has been flattish in recent weeks. A strong second-
quarter earnings season has had to contend with a re-escalation of the US-
Iran war and higher interest rates. Still, stocks are performing well on a 
year-to-date basis, and we continue to believe that the bull market remains 
intact. We retain a positive bias despite the recent shift in our outlook for 
Fed policy, which now calls for a slight tightening in monetary policy. While 
monetary policy is no longer a tailwind, we don't think the Fed will hike 
rates enough for it to turn into a headwind. Strong earnings growth and AI 
adoption remain key positive drivers. We discuss each in more detail below.
As mentioned, our economists recently updated their Fed view. They 
now expect a slight increase in the fed funds rate this year. In the past, 
we've highlighted a supportive Fed, which cut rates in 2024 and 2025, 
as a key driver of the bull market. While we now expect the Fed to hike 
rates, we don't think this shift is material enough to derail the corporate 
profit growth outlook. Considering that temporary factors such as tariffs 
and energy prices are driving most of the elevated inflation, we don't 
think the Fed will need to tighten aggressively. Therefore, if economic 
growth remains resilient and inflation improves in line with our base case, 
stocks should have further upside. That said, developments in the US-Iran 
war remain an unknown and could be a key driver of how much the Fed 
raises interest rates.
With respect to earnings, we believe the outlook continues to be favorable. 
Second-quarter results were strong and broad. Also, forward guidance and 
Global Asset Class Preference
Attractive
S&P 500
15 Sep 26
  7,586
 
 
Dec 26
  8,100
 
 
Jun 27
  8,400
 
 
Source: Refinitiv, UBS
Attractive sectors
• Consumer 
discretionary: 
Consumer 
spending should remain resilient. Year-to-
date increases and volatility in energy prices 
are manageable, provided prices don't 
spike to new highs.
• Financials: Robust capital markets activity, 
easing 
regulations, 
and 
improving 
profitability should support strong earnings 
growth. For payments, transaction volumes 
remain supportive while other secular 
tailwinds persist. Recent credit trends also 
suggest broad stability.
• Health care: While we see no near-term 
catalyst for negative health care policies, 
we are watching the policy backdrop 
as the US midterm elections approach. 
Valuations have crept higher, but still 
appear reasonable.
• Industrials: The increase in the ISM 
Manufacturing index gives us confidence 
that cyclical segments of the economy look 
to be improving. Developments related to 
the US-Iran conflict will be important to 
monitor. Also, the sector includes exposure 
to attractive secular themes.
• Utilities: 
The 
sector's 
defensive 
characteristics should offer ballast in a 
portfolio if economic growth slows further. 
We maintain our favorable view on AI 
trends. Roughly 25% of the sector has 
material exposure to AI power demand.
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that 
begin on page 4.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
US Equities
revisions came in better than normal. These were key drivers for the recent 
increase in our S&P 500 EPS estimates. As a reminder, we now expect 
25% growth (USD 350) in 2026 and 14% growth (USD 400) in 2027. 
While earnings growth rates are likely peaking, we think stocks can still 
post healthy returns as long as there isn't a significant pickup in negative 
revisions to forward estimates. As we explain below, that doesn't seem 
likely in our view.
Furthermore, we believe corporate profit growth is on solid footing. 
First, the economy has good cyclical momentum. For example, the ISM 
Manufacturing index has only been in expansionary territory for eight 
consecutive months. Looking at past cycles, the ISM has typically remained 
in expansion for nearly three years. This suggests the cyclical improvement 
may still have considerable runway. Additionally, we continue to have 
strong conviction that AI-related capex will grow at least 30% next year, 
which will drive earnings growth for the "picks and shovels" providers. 
Lastly, strong corporate profit growth limits the risk of layoffs that would 
drive a slowdown in consumer spending.
With respect to AI, demand trends are still strong. During the recent 
earnings season, we saw signs that this demand is broadening to a wider 
set of buyers. The combination of AI adoption exceeding expectations, a 
better line of sight toward monetization, and companies still indicating 
they are supply constrained suggests to us that investment spending should 
continue.
Overall, we maintain our Attractive view on US equities. As discussed, 
we believe US stocks should remain resilient despite our expectation of a 
modest tightening in monetary policy. Risks related to a sustained move 
higher in oil prices, a re-acceleration of inflation, and disappointing AI-
related developments will need to be monitored. However, this isn't our 
base case. Our December 2026 S&P 500 price target is 8,100, and our June 
2027 target is 8,400.
Upside scenario: Goldilocks
S&P 500 June 2027 target: 9,500
Artificial intelligence is a game-changer: AI investment spending and 
adoption exceed expectations amid better-than-expected revenue growth 
and productivity gains from AI applications.
Geopolitical de-escalation: A quick reopening of the Strait of Hormuz 
leads to clear signs of accelerating transit activity. A ceasefire agreement is 
reached between Russia and Ukraine.
More benign tariff policy: Effective US tariff rate falls below 10% 
following trade agreements and carve-outs. Healthy consumption, buoyant 
investment, and strong productivity growth allow the US economy to grow 
by 2.5-3.0% in 2026 and 2027. Residual negative tariff effects are offset 
by deregulation and lower taxes. Major central banks do not need to raise 
rates.
Note: This month, we have updated our 
multi-asset Asset Class Preference framework 
to bring together two useful perspectives. We 
continue to display Absolute views (Attractive, 
Neutral, Unattractive), which show our 
expected absolute direction for a given asset. 
Now, we also display relative preferences 
(Preferred, Neutral, or Least Preferred), to 
make it easier for investors to see which assets 
we like more—or less—than the alternatives 
within their asset class, or across asset classes. 
For more information, please see the latest 
UBS House View Monthly Extended.
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
US Equities
Downside scenario: AI bear market
S&P 500 June 2027 target: 5,500
Artificial intelligence setback: AI stocks deflate due to growing concerns 
over low returns on investment and unsustainable commitments by large 
AI companies. Worsening investor sentiment leads to a broader market 
decline.
Weak US growth: The downward trend in equity markets feeds through 
to the real economy via the sentiment and wealth channels. Declining 
investment in AI infrastructure allows for a redistribution of resources into 
other segments of the economy, allowing US GDP to grow by 0.5-1% in 
2027.
Inflation: Inflation concerns give way to fears of a global economic 
decline, prompting central banks to cut rates aggressively in 2027.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help 
investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
US Equities
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the 
collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total 
returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. 
Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views 
due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
US Equities
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
