[Page 1]
Daniela Costa 
+44(20)7774-8354 | 
daniela.costa@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Meihan Yang 
+44(20)7051-6601 | 
meihan.x.yang@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Ines Lefranc 
+44(20)7051-8710 | 
ines.lefranc@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Europe Multi-Industry: Truck read-across from IAA Transportation - Day 
2
17 September 2026 | 6:04AM BST
 
Day 2 of IAA was dominated by several of the main themes we flagged on Day 1 
(here), summarized by a generally constructive view on truck end markets in the 
US and to some extent Europe (more replacement led), in contrast to a more 
guarded medium-term view due to risks from rising Chinese competition in 
Europe and upcoming European CO2 regulation. On Day 2, we had scheduled 
meetings with Daimler, Cellcentric, Knorr-Bremse, Sinotruk (booth tour) and Sany, 
and visited ZF impromptu. In addition to the Day 1 takeaways, we would emphasize 
the following points: 
Chinese OEMs are still in the early stages of launching a range of diesel and 
n
BEV products in Europe, but are very aware of the importance of building a 
service network even if their BEV products have comparable or better 
specifications than those of Western OEMs. From an upfront cost perspective, 
some of the Chinese OEMs noted they can offer BEVs at a 30% to 50% discount 
compared to Western OEMs, depending on whether these are assembled in 
Europe or exported from China. Even for vehicles assembled in Europe, some of 
them said they buy from Western suppliers, but purchasing those components 
from Western suppliers’ Chinese production plants is still advantageous. Unlike 
how their businesses are run in China, these players will be more focused on 
building service points and guaranteeing residual values in Europe to overcome 
buyer skepticism. Most are either starting to ramp up sales in late 2026 or during 
2027 and are currently using knock-down production. 
Autonomous driving is starting to see commercialization in 2027, but 
n
industrialization is likely post-2028 and US-driven. Daimler targets driverless 
autonomous operations in the US by the end of 2026, transitioning to a per-mile 
fee model by 2027 and scaling commercially in 2028. Knorr-Bremse thinks it will 
benefit from higher content per vehicle as autonomous driving scales. They 
noted vehicle content value is expected to move to 4% of truck value by 2030 (vs 
2% today) due to redundant braking and steering requirements. 
BEV content growth is a debate depending on where you are in the value 
n
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
chain. On Day 1, we heard mixed views from Scania and Volvo on how much the 
aftermarket will be impacted by BEVs. On Day 2, Knorr-Bremse struck a bullish tone 
on the implications for its own content, noting the transition to e-mobility 
significantly boosts its revenue per vehicle, as specialized electric power steering 
systems are priced 3-4x higher than traditional ICE steering (although electric power 
steering is also going to be deployed in ICE vehicles), and e-compressors (designed 
for EV trucks to reduce noise/vibration and used for powering air into the brakes) are 
also priced 3-4x higher than traditional compressors in ICE trucks. The global truck 
parts OEMs such as Knorr-Bremse and ZF are also more important for Chinese OEMs 
entering European markets, given the safety regulations and existing service 
networks they can leverage. ZF mentioned that components offered for European 
trucks could be 2x more expensive than their China offering, as they see more 
intensive competition in China’s BEV parts and service business. 
Daimler flagged slightly differing views on EPA pricing and the Germany outlook 
n
compared to our meetings with Volvo and Traton on Day 1. Daimler opened its 
2027 order book in the US in September and is only selling EPA27-compliant trucks 
(while peers are still offering MY26), reflecting a $6,000 price increase for 
EPA-compliant trucks (on top of normal inflation-led increases of LSD), but it noted 
that it will monitor the adequacy of this value depending on where NCPs ultimately 
end up being regulated. It also highlighted a 3ppt improvement in new engine 
efficiency as a mitigating factor for customers compared to potentially lower upfront 
price trucks from peers that continue to offer MY26. With regard to Germany, 
Daimler was the only OEM noting a good development in volumes. 
Day 2 profiled more confident views on hydrogen as a technology that could 
n
overcome the grid bottlenecks that hinder faster adoption of BEVs. Cellcentric (a 
JV between Toyota, Daimler, and Volvo) highlighted transmission grid capacity as the 
primary bottleneck for BEVs, positioning hydrogen fuel cells as a vital long-haul 
complement, targeting full industrial scale in the 2030s and achieving parity with 
diesel if hydrogen prices come down to €6/kg. We were also surprised to see a 
stronger focus on hydrogen during the Daimler booth tour compared to all the other 
OEMs we visited.
17 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 3]
Daimler Truck - meeting with Group CEO, Group CFO & MB CEO with 
Booth Tour  
Daimler has opened its 2027 North American order books with a $6,000 price 
n
increase for EPA27-compliant engines on top of normal inflation-related LSD 
increases. Daimler highlights that it is now fully booked for 2026. Its order share for 
Class 8 trucks stood at 48% in August (vs 45% in July), with 3Q seeing more dealer 
activity and large leasing fleets signing contracts. Daimler EPA-compliant trucks will 
only be offered from January 2027, while MY26 will no longer be available. Client 
feedback on its EPA strategy has been positive so far, but Daimler will adjust pricing 
if needed when NCPs are finalised. Management notes that inflation-related price 
increases will be on top of the $6k EPA increase, but content negotiations with the 
US administration regarding tariffs will not be passed through to customers, as tariffs 
were never fully passed through either. On North America margins, Daimler expects 
the exit rate to be DD into 2027, as it believes it can manage this year’s inflation 
within its guidance and is also working to improve material cost efficiency. 
EV activities have been strategically ramped down in the US, while in Europe 
n
Daimler’s focus has been on LFP batteries as well as hydrogen technologies. 
There are currently 2,000 charging points in Europe, but legislation states there 
should be 20,000 by 2030, which would mean c.500 charging points being added 
per month. The CEO of MB Trucks highlighted its >30% share of European BEVs, with 
>160mn km in customer operations. Daimler also appeared to place greater 
emphasis on hydrogen technologies during its booth tour than other OEMs, with 
management highlighting that hydrogen remains complementary to batteries and 
that the required infrastructure is efficient and less capital-intensive to install. The 
first batch will be delivered to customers by year-end and will be able to run 
1,000km on a single tank fill. Daimler is now working on second-generation fuel cell 
systems with Cellcentric, which consume 20% less hydrogen and are half the weight. 
On autonomous trucks, Daimler is now targeting to have the driver out by 
n
year-end and expects commercial freight operations in 2027, with a scale-up in 
2028. Throughout the development of the technology, Daimler has ensured that all 
hardware, including sensors and radars, would be ready for serial production as soon 
as appropriate. Management believes it is best-in-class for redundant chassis 
technology and plans to start deploying to large fleets where it has over 50% market 
share. In the short term, the company will hold the assets on its balance sheet, but 
over the longer term this will transition to a per-mile fee model.  
2030 targets for the Industrial Business were confirmed, with adjusted ROS of 
n
>12% and organic revenue CAGR of 3-5%, with autonomous solutions providing 
additional upside. In 2026, gross inflation impact is expected to be in the 
low-triple-digit million euro range and, to mitigate this, Daimler is implementing 
pricing increases, actively steering sales mix and enacting both short-term and 
structural cost measures. R&D capitalisation is targeted at 5-6% in 2026-30 and will 
be a c.30bps additional headwind to IB RoS vs the historic average capitalisation rate 
(c.€150mn EBIT impact). Capex will remain at peak levels in 2026/27, and prior 
guidance will not change as a result of the new US plant. On its Archion stake, 
Daimler intends to retain 20-30% until 2030. 
17 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 4]
MB Truck margins are targeted to reach 12% by 2030 (vs 6.2% in 2025 and 6-8% 
n
guidance for 2026), driven by cost-down measures and a higher services 
contribution. 1H26 margins stood at 5.5% due to lower R&D capitalisation, weaker 
absorption levels at the new parts center and weakness in some Latin American 
countries. However, MB expects a stronger 2H, resulting in its 6-8% guidance for 
FY26, driven by higher sales (with positive momentum in Germany), a higher services 
contribution, positive pricing (increases in 4Q26 and 1Q27) and benefits from 
European cost-down measures. Cost-down measures are expected to provide 
€250mn in savings in 2026 and over €1bn by 2030. Some 1,500 measures have been 
implemented, including certifying various Indian suppliers, executing European 
staffing reductions, moving activities to India and introducing a new assembly plant 
in the Czech Republic (which should save c.€3k per truck). MB Trucks also targets an 
annual growth rate for services of >7%, enabled by the addition of nine new service 
locations and a global parts center that are now operational. In India, MB has 
achieved 10% growth in service locations and, in Brazil, 11 of 16 targeted dealers 
have been restructured with nine new location projects in progress. Defence is 
targeted to reach €1bn of revenue in 2028 (vs. less than €500mn in 2025) and, with a 
long-lasting services pipeline, should also help drive service growth.  
Knorr-Bremse - meeting with Head of CVS and IR, with booth tour 
North American and European truck markets remain supportive: The North 
n
American HDT market remains supportive, with truck production rates potentially 
increasing by 20% yoy in 1H27E. Europe is seeing stable order intake tailwinds driven 
by replacement demand, which is expected to persist into 2027, although Germany 
remains weak. Their overall capacity utilisation rate is about 80%, depending on 
product specifications. 
E-mobility and autonomous driving could drive content value per truck from 2% 
n
to 4% by 2030E. Knorr-Bremse presented two new products offering electric power 
steering and e-compressors. The e-compressor is targeted at EV truck applications 
and is priced at 3-4x the ASP of traditional ICE compressors, with features including 
power-on-demand, lower energy consumption and reduced noise/vibration. The 
electric power steering system is also 4x more expensive than existing steering 
systems, although it can be applied to both ICE and EV trucks. It could also save fleet 
operators c.€500 per truck annually. For autonomous driving, Knorr-Bremse focuses 
on actuation systems, and meeting the regulatory requirements for redundant 
braking and steering would require additional valves and components. 
Digital services remain a focus as they can connect truck drivers to independent 
n
workshops, where Knorr-Bremse has highly profitable businesses. Aftermarket 
services now contribute about 35% of CVS revenue. While truck OEMs typically 
supply parts during the initial 1-3 year warranty period of a truck’s 10-year lifespan, 
Knorr-Bremse captures profitable business after the warranty expires. Travis allows 
drivers to book services directly through the platform and also helps connect them 
with independent workshops where they can purchase Knorr-Bremse parts. 
Knorr-Bremse sees opportunities as Chinese OEMs enter the European market 
n
with BEV trucks, given the safety regulations and existing service networks they 
17 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 5]
can leverage. Although it currently has about 20% market share in brakes and 
compressors, as well as a very limited services contribution from China (5-6% of CVS 
revenue), the entry of Chinese BEV trucks into Europe could provide further 
opportunities. 
Valuation and key risks 
Daimler Truck: We are Neutral rated. Our 12 month price target is €51 and is 100% 
based on our sector-relative EV/IC to ROIC/WACC methodology using 6m27/6m28 
estimates. Key downside risks include: 1) weaker-than-expected volumes; 2) more 
severe pricing pressure due to rising Chinese competition; 3) delays in progress with 
self-help measures; 4) larger-than-expected impairments from antitrust civil claims; and 
5) overhang risk due to uncertainty around final decisions from Mercedes regarding its 
stake. Key upside risks include: 1) quicker-than-expected freight capex recovery in 2026 
and a higher-than-expected German stimulus impact; 2) better-than-expected 
self-help progress; 3) further market share gains, especially in the US vocational market; 
and 4) higher cash to shareholders. 
Knorr-Bremse: We are Buy rated. Our 12 month price target is €132 and is 100% 
based on our sector-relative EV/IC to ROIC/WACC methodology using 6m27/6m28 
estimates. Key downside risks: (1) disruption of content from truck electrification; (2) 
Slower-than-expected trucking capex recovery leading to worse-than-expected margin 
expansion; (3) Slower-than-expected order growth driven by slower-than-expected 
global rail capex growth or delays in sales deliveries as a consequence of slower sales at 
major OEMs; (4) Value-dilutive M&A; (5) Further market share loss in the China rail 
market; (6) Unfavourable moves in FX.
17 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 6]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Daniela Costa, Meihan Yang and Ines Lefranc, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views 
about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Daniela Costa Goldman Sachs International, Meihan Yang Goldman Sachs International, Ines Lefranc Goldman Sachs 
International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
The rating(s) for Daimler Truck Holding and Knorr Bremse is/are relative to the other companies in its/their coverage universe: ABB Ltd., 
Accelleron Industries Ltd., Addtech AB, Alfa Laval, Alstom, Ariston Holding, Assa Abloy B, Atlas Copco, CNH Industrial, Carel Industries SpA, Daimler 
Truck Holding, De’ Longhi SpA, Electrolux AB, Epiroc, FLSmidth & Co., GEA Group, GVS, Geberit Holding, Halma Plc, Hexagon AB, IMI Plc, Indutrade AB, 
Knorr Bremse, Konecranes, Legrand, Lifco AB, Metso, NIBE Industrier AB, NKT A/S, Nexans, Prysmian, Rational AG, Rexel S.A., SEB SA, SKF, Sandvik, 
Schindler Holding, Schneider Electric, Siemens AG, Signify NV, Smiths Group, Traton, Trelleborg AB, VAT Group, Volvo Group, Wartsila, Weir  
Company-specific regulatory disclosures 
The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Goldman Sachs”) and companies covered 
by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research and referred to in this research. 
Goldman Sachs has received compensation for investment banking services in the past 12 months: Daimler Truck Holding (€43.56) 
Goldman Sachs expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3 months: Daimler Truck Holding 
(€43.56) and Knorr Bremse (€103.60) 
Goldman Sachs had an investment banking services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Daimler Truck Holding (€43.56) and Knorr 
Bremse (€103.60) 
Goldman Sachs had a non-investment banking securities-related services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Daimler Truck Holding 
(€43.56) 
Goldman Sachs had a non-securities services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Daimler Truck Holding (€43.56) 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
17 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 7]
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Price target and rating history chart(s) 
 
Target price history table(s) 
 
Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions. 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
Daimler Truck Holding (DTGGe.DE)
Knorr Bremse (KBX.DE)
Date of report
Target price (€)
Closing price (€)
Date of report
Target price (€)
Closing price (€)
23-Jul-26
51.00
45.77
03-Aug-26
132.00
104.40
14-Jul-26
48.00
42.82
15-Jun-26
133.00
102.90
07-Jul-26
46.00
43.93
12-May-26
129.00
101.40
26-May-26
45.00
41.68
14-Apr-26
119.00
103.30
10-Apr-26
43.00
44.30
24-Feb-26
131.00
114.20
25-Mar-26
45.00
41.40
14-Jan-26
115.00
99.30
20-Jan-26
40.00
40.00
28-Nov-25
108.00
91.40
07-Jan-26
37.00
39.90
14-Oct-25
33.00
33.90
08-Oct-25
35.00
34.71
20-May-25
40.00
39.95
16-Apr-25
39.00
33.93
08-Apr-25
40.00
32.56
25-Mar-25
41.00
38.25
22-Jan-25
44.00
39.58
15-Oct-24
40.00
35.95
26-Aug-24
39.00
34.57
04-Jul-24
46.00
36.50
10-May-24
48.00
41.49
03-Apr-24
50.00
45.66
24-Jan-24
47.00
32.35
17-Jan-24
46.00
31.26
20-Nov-23
43.00
29.38
16-Oct-23
42.00
31.20
17 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 8]
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
17 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 9]
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
17 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 


[Page 10]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
17 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Europe Multi-Industry
 
 
