[Page 1]
 
NAHB Housing Market Index
 |  1 
 
PNC Economics Research 
16 September 2026 
Homebuilder Confidence Fell to a One-
Year Low in September 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Headlines 
▪ 
Homebuilder confidence fell to its lowest level in a year in September 2026. 
While one of the index's three components was unchanged from the previous 
month, the other two declined. 
 
▪ 
Confidence fell in the Midwest, the Northeast, and South. Still, builder 
sentiment in the Midwest remains near its long-run average, underscoring the 
region’s relative resilience.
 
 
▪ 
High mortgage rates are weighing on residential construction, and the 30-
year fixed rate is likely to remain near 6.5% in the near term. 
 
Details
The seasonally-adjusted Housing Market Index fell to 
32, its lowest level in a year in September 2026, from 
35 in August according to the National Association 
of Home Builders (NAHB) and Wells Fargo (Figure 1). 
The September reading was below the consensus 
expectation of 34. The HMI measures sentiment 
among single‑family homebuilders, with readings 
below 50 signaling contraction in residential 
construction.  
 
Homebuilder confidence, which fell quickly in the 
first half of 2025 and recovered somewhat in the 
fourth quarter of last year, reversed that modest 
rebound in mid-2026. Confidence entering 2026 was 
modestly up from a near‑decade low in mid‑2025 but 
remained well below its pre-pandemic levels in the 
60s and 70s, underscoring continued weakness in 
homebuilding. The index also remained well below 
its long‑run average of 46. 
 
The traffic of prospective single-family homebuyers 
component held steady on the month, while present 
sales and expectations of single-family sales over 
the next six months components dropped sharply to 
35 and 37, from 39 and 43, respectively. 
Housing demand and builders' expectations for 
future sales remain subdued in September 2026. All 
three components remain roughly 10 to 16 points 
below their long-run averages and well below their 
pre-pandemic levels, signaling continued weakness 
in housing market activity through the rest of the 
year. 
Regionally, homebuilder confidence in the West rose 
one point to 29 in September, while it fell across other 
regions led by the Northeast. Despite the monthly 
drop, the Midwest continues to post the highest 
level of builder confidence at 41, followed by the 
Northeast at 35. In contrast, sentiment in the South 
and West remained considerably weaker, both at 
29. 
Ershang Liang 
ershang.liang@pnc.com 
PNC Economics 
economics@pnc.com 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 2]
 
NAHB Housing Market Index
 |  2 
 
PNC Economics Research 
16 September 2026 
Notably, builder confidence in the Midwest remains 
close to its historical average, underscoring the 
region's 
relative 
resilience. 
By 
comparison, 
sentiment in the South and West continues to trail 
historical norms, reflecting persistent challenges 
related 
to 
affordability 
constraints, 
elevated 
financing costs, and softer housing demand. 
Housing affordability remains a challenge in 2026, 
despite a marked slowdown in home price 
appreciation compared with the previous two 
years. According to the U.S. Census Bureau and the 
U.S. 
Department 
of 
Housing 
and 
Urban 
Development, the median sales price of a new home 
sold in June was down from a year earlier, falling 
below $400,000. This contrasts with roughly 5% 
higher 
costs 
for 
construction 
materials 
and 
components, 
highlighting 
the 
pressure 
that 
elevated 
borrowing 
costs 
and 
affordability 
challenges continue to place on construction firms. 
Homebuilding is expected to remain subdued in the 
second half of 2026, with downside risks stemming 
from a prolonged conflict in the Middle East and 
elevated energy prices. Weaker home price growth, 
combined with slower but steady income growth 
and a solid if unspectacular labor market, should 
lead to a gradual improvement in affordability over 
time. However, a rapid turnaround is unlikely in the 
near term. Higher energy prices will likely crowd out 
other household spending, while the personal saving 
rate has been on a downward trend since late 2023. 
The average 30-year fixed mortgage rate is 
currently around 6.7%, approximately 70 basis 
points higher than in late February and now higher 
than a year ago. PNC expects the Federal Open 
Market Committee to raise the federal funds rate to 
a range of 3.75% to 4.00% this week. Looking ahead, 
the average 30-year fixed mortgage rate is likely to 
stay near 6.5% as long as tensions remain high 
between the U.S. and Iran, and end 2026 at above 
6%, limiting any improvement in affordability. 
 
 
Figure 1: The Seasonally Adjusted NAHB Housing 
Market Index 
 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
'05 '06 '07 '08 '09 '10 '11 '12 '13 '14 '15 '16 '17 '18 '19 '20 '21 '22 '23 '24 '25 '26
Sources: NAHB, PNC


[Page 3]
 
NAHB Housing Market Index
 |  3 
 
PNC Economics Research 
16 September 2026 
Disclosures 
The material presented and the views expressed herein are of a general nature and does not constitute the provision of 
investment or economic advice to any person, or a recommendation of any particular securities, financial instruments, 
strategies or banki
ng services. Opinions and forecasts expressed herein are subject to change without notice. Relevant 
information was obtained from sources deemed reliable. Such information is not guaranteed as to its accuracy. You should 
seek the advice of an investment pr
ofessional to tailor a financial plan to your needs.
 
Forward -looking statements are necessarily subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over 
time. Future events or circumstances may change our outlook and may also affect the nature of the assumptions, risks and 
uncertainties to
 which our forward
-looking statements are subject. Forward
-looking statements speak only as of the date 
made. We do not assume any duty and do not undertake any obligation to update forward
-looking statements. Actual 
results or future events could differ, 
possibly materially, from those anticipated in forward
-looking statements, as well as 
from historical performance. As a result, we caution against placing undue reliance on any forward
-looking statements.
 
“PNC” is a registered mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
 
© 202 6 The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
