[Page 1]
 
 
WS Global CIO Office
18 September 2026
 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
Weekly Market View 
 
A Fed credibility- 
induced bounce 
 The Fed’s unanimous decision to 
hike rates this week for the first time 
since 2023 and pencil in another hike 
by December confirms our 
expectations of a central bank willing to 
establish its independence against 
political pressure. 
 The BoJ also hiked rates this week. 
It is the first time on record all three 
major central banks – Fed, ECB and 
BoJ – have hiked in the same month, 
as they respond to a resurgence in 
energy-driven inflation amid tight job 
markets. 
 We expect the Fed to hike once 
more by year-end to 4.25% and follow 
up with another hike in H1 2027 to 
4.5%. With the revised estimates, we 
revise up our US government bond 
yield forecasts.  
 Nevertheless, with Fed policy 
uncertainty easing, we see an 
opportunity to use the equity market dip 
to add exposure amid solid corporate 
earnings. 
What is the outlook for US 
government bond yields 
following the Fed meeting? 
Will the step-up in the Fed’s 
risk-free rate trigger a repricing 
of equities? 
What is the impact of BoJ and 
BoE policy meetings on their 
respective currencies?  


[Page 2]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
2 
 
Charts of the week: Fed joins the fray 
 
The Fed hiked for the first time since 2023, joining its peers, and moderately upgraded its policy rate estimate for this year 
Fed, ECB, BoJ and BoE policy rates 
 
 Fed’s updated economic projections 
 
 
 
  
GDP 
Unemploy-
ment 
Core PCE 
Rates 
estimates 
Dates 
Old 
New 
Old 
New 
Old 
New 
Old 
New 
2026 
2.2 
2.3 
4.3 
4.1 
3.3 
3.4 
3.8 
4.1 
2027 
2.3 
2.4 
4.3 
4.1 
2.5 
2.5 
3.6 
4.1 
2028 
2.2 
2.2 
4.2 
4.1 
2.1 
2.2 
3.4 
3.9 
LR* 
2.0 
2.0 
4.2 
4.2 
  
  
3.1 
3.2 
Source: Federal Reserve, Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
Editorial 
A Fed credibility-induced bounce  
Strategy summary: The Fed’s unanimous decision to hike 
rates this week for the first time since 2023, and pencil in 
another hike by December, confirms our expectations – flagged 
in the last two weeklies - of a central bank willing to establish its 
independence against political pressure. The Fed’s moderately 
hawkish pivot is helping restore its inflation-fighting credentials. 
The BoJ also hiked rates this week. It is the first time on record 
all three major central banks – Fed, ECB and BoJ – have hiked 
in the same month, as they respond primarily to a resurgence 
in energy-driven inflation amid tight job markets.  
We expect the Fed to hike once more by year-end to 4.0-4.25% 
and follow up with another hike in H1 2027 to 4.25-4.5%. With 
the revised estimates, we revise up our US government bond 
yield forecasts. Nevertheless, with Fed policy uncertainty 
easing, we see an opportunity to use the equity market dip to 
add exposure amid solid corporate earnings.  
Fed moves to restore credibility: The Fed’s policy pivot this 
week followed Chair Warsh’s hawkish Jackson Hole speech 
and recent economic data prints, namely: a pick-up in job 
creation and inflation over the summer and a sharp rebound in 
oil prices due to the re-escalation of the Middle East conflict. 
Given the unanimous Fed decision to hike rates this week, we 
expect two more hikes by June 2027 on the back of robust 
growth amid strong AI investments and a tight labour market, 
keeping inflation elevated. We expect this pivot to help the Fed 
rebuild credibility as an inflation fighter.  
Policy outlook less aggressive than market pricing: The 
updated Fed policy rate estimates are lower compared with 
money market pricing of three more rate hikes by June 2027 
since we expect disinflation to take hold by Q2 2027 as the 
impact of oil prices and tariffs fade. We believe policy rates can 
return to the 4.0–4.25% range by end-2027, with the possibility 
of cuts in H2 2027 as inflation pressures ease.  
Upgrading near-term US rates and USD estimates: Based 
on these revised estimates, we also upgrade our 3-month target 
for the US 10-year government bond yield to 5.0-5.25%. We 
also revise up our 12-month target for the US 10-year bond 
yield to 4.75-5.0% (see page 4).  
Buying the equity dip as focus turns to fundamentals: Fed 
hikes typically do not hurt equities over the medium-term when 
accompanied by strong earnings growth. We estimate a 25bps 
rise in Fed rates (the discount rate) would impact the S&P500 
index and global equities by 3-4%. However, we expect the 
headwind from higher rates to be offset by strong earnings 
growth, driving positive performance for global equities. 
Furthermore, a hawkish Fed is largely priced in and we expect 
the Fed to deliver fewer rate hikes than currently priced by 
markets. Meanwhile, we believe concerns over AI industry 
leaders slowing the pace of development are overdone. Hence, 
we maintain our preference for a diversified group of large cap 
technology and semiconductor industry leaders (see page 5-6). 
BoJ hikes; modestly bullish JPY: The BoJ hiked rates by 
25bps to a three-decade high of 1.25%, as expected, but the 7-
2 split vote led to renewed JPY weakness on concerns it may 
slow the pace of further hikes. We remain constructive on JPY 
amid narrowing rate differential vs peers as the BoJ potentially 
hikes rates by 25bps once per quarter until Q2 2027 to curb 
rising domestic wage-driven inflation pressure . Any sign of BoJ 
slowing the pace of hikes could lead to renewed JPY weakness, 
fuelling inflationary pressures (see page 7).  
BoE holds; rangebound GBP: The BoE held rates this week, 
bucking the hiking trend among peers, as weakening UK job 
and housing markets offset rebound in energy-driven inflation. 
We expect BoE to deliver fewer rate hikes than the 100bps of 
increase currently priced by markets as the job market slows 
further. This is likely to keep GBP rangebound (see page 7).  
—  Rajat Bhattacharya  
4.0
2.5
3.8
1.3
-1.0
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
Sept-21
May-23
Jan-25
Sept-26
%
Fed
ECB
BoE
BOJ


[Page 3]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
3 
 
The weekly macro balance sheet 
Our weekly net assessment: On balance, we see the past week’s data 
and policy as negative for risk assets in the near-term 
(+) factors: Strong US retail sales; resilient China industrial output 
(-) factors: Weak US and Euro area sentiment; hawkish central banks 
Positive for risk assets 
Negative for risk assets 
Macro data 
• 
US retail sales control 
group rose 1.4% m/m in 
August, above estimates 
• 
Euro area industrial 
production fell less than 
expected by 0.1% m/m 
• 
China industrial production 
beat estimates in August 
• 
US Michigan sentiment fell 
to 47.8 in September 
• 
Euro area ZEW sentiment 
fell to 25.8 in September 
• 
China retail sales and 
fixed-asset investment 
came in below consensus 
in August 
Our assessment: Neutral – Strong Euro area and China 
industrial production vs. weak US and Euro area sentiment 
Policy  
developments 
• 
BoJ raised its policy rate 
by 25bps to a three-
decade high of 1.25%, as 
expected. The 7-2 split 
vote raised the risk of a 
slower pace of future hikes 
• 
The Fed raised its rate by 
25bps in a unanimous 12-0 
vote, and projected 
another hike this year 
• 
The BoE held rates 
unchanged as expected, 
while the minutes signalled 
a growing hawkish tilt 
Our assessment: Negative – Hawkish Fed, BoE and BoJ 
Other 
developments 
• 
US-China discuss tariff 
concessions to extend 
trade truce ahead of the 
leaders' summit on 24 Sep 
• 
President Trump said US 
and Canada will likely 
announce trade deal soon 
• 
Saudi Arabia temporarily 
shut down its main East-
West crude oil pipeline 
following a drone attack 
• 
Ukraine struck a Russian 
oil refinery, despite 
Trump's claim of an energy 
infrastructure ceasefire 
• 
China warned of cancelling 
summit if US approves 
new arms sales to Taiwan 
• 
AI leaders called for a 
slowdown in development, 
but immediately faced 
intense pushback from the 
administration 
Our assessment: Negative – Ongoing geopolitical tensions, 
political pressure on Fed to cut rates 
US retail sales growth accelerated in August; 
however, the Michigan consumer sentiment index 
declined more than expected in September  
US Michigan consumer sentiment and retail sales 
control group (core retail sales) 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered  
The ZEW survey indicated that Euro area optimism 
is fading outside of Germany 
Euro area and Germany ZEW survey expectations 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
China's retail sales growth was subdued and 
investment slumped in August  
China retail sales, industrial production and fixed asset 
investment growth 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
47.8
5.6
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
40
50
60
70
80
Sep-24
May-25
Jan-26
Sep-26
%
Index
US University of Michigan Sentiment
US retail sales control group growth (RHS)
25.8
34.7
-30
-15
0
15
30
45
60
Sep-24
May-25
Jan-26
Sep-26
Index
Euro area ZEW survey expectations
Germany ZEW survey expectations
1.1
5.3
-7.2
-9.0
-6.0
-3.0
0.0
3.0
6.0
9.0
Aug-24
Apr-25
Dec-25
Aug-26
YTD % y/y
China retail sales
China industrial production
China fixed asset investment


[Page 4]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
4 
 
Top client questions 
  Where do you see US government bond yields following 
the Fed’s 16 September decision to hike interest rates? 
Our view: The US 10-year government bond yield is likely to 
retest the 5.00-5.25% range in the near term. We favour 3-7-year 
maturity bonds in the US, preferring credit over government 
bonds. We are looking for an opportunity to extend duration 
approaching Q2 2027. 
Rationale: Over the next few months, we expect 2- and 30-year US 
government bond yields to remain rangebound, but the 10-year yield 
is expected to rebound up to the 5.00-5.25% range. The reasons for 
this include: 1) oil prices staying elevated and potentially rise further 
due to the fluid geopolitical situation in the Middle East, with Saudi 
Arabia’s East-West oil pipeline shut, the Houthis now firmly in control 
of the Strait of Bab-al-Mandab, the Strait of Hormuz still closed and 
China returning as a buyer of crude oil in the market; 2) despite 
notable AI leaders expressing the need to slow AI development, AI 
capex plans are showing no signs of slowing down, which continues 
to drive above-trend growth in the economy. This, in turn, also means 
AI-related heavy bond issuance is expected to continue. These 
issuers typically issue long-dated tenors, and this competition for 
capital will also exert upward pressure on the US 10-year yields. 
We note that the US 10-year bond yield has room to move lower, 
driven by short-covering activities in the very near term as net-short 
positions had moved to extreme levels before this week’s Fed 
meeting. However, we think such downshifts would be short-lived 
and the central tendency for the 10-year yield would be to move back 
up to the 5.00-5.25% range. 
Meanwhile, we see US 30-year yields continuing to reflect the dire 
fiscal outlook for the US government. We expect US 2-year yields 
to continue trading in a range that reflects expectations of further 
federal funds rate hikes. For the record, we only expect two more 
rate hikes from the Fed into the middle of 2027, while money 
markets are pricing in three more for the same period. 
Going into H2 2027, we expect oil prices to moderate (either 
through a resolution of the Middle East conflict or a re-routing of oil 
supply chains) and the inflationary effects from tariffs to fade. 
Inflation by then is likely be close to – if not at – the Fed’s target of 
2%. At this point, we see room for the Fed to contemplate rate 
cuts. US 2-year yields (the tenor that is most sensitive to Fed policy 
changes) will likely start to price this in. With oil prices and inflation 
cooling, 10-year yields would also have room to come down. 
US 30-year yields, on the other hand, are expected to remain 
elevated as the US fiscal deficit remains substantial next year and 
could become much worse than its already dire state today. As a 
result, the ‘term premium’ may keep the ultra-long end elevated. 
Short of some unorthodox policy to artificially cap them lower, 30-
year yields could continue to drift higher into H2 2027. 
We continue to favour the 3-7-year segment of the yield curve and 
prefer credit over government bonds. We see an opportunity for 
us to extend duration closer to Q2 2027. 
—  Jonathan Liang, CFA, CIO for Fixed Income and FX 
We have updated our three- and 12-month outlook 
for US government bond yields 
Our latest US government bond yield forecast 
 
3-month 
12-month 
2-year 
4.50 – 4.75% 
4.00 – 4.25% 
10-year 
5.00 – 5.25% 
4.75 – 5.00% 
30-year 
5.25 – 5.50% 
5.50 – 5.75% 
Source: Standard Chartered 
Short-covering trades could move bond yields 
lower temporarily as net-short positions in US 
government bond futures have reached extreme 
levels this week  
Bloomberg Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
Chicago Board of Trade US government bond net 
non-commercial futures positions 
  
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
-201
-300
-200
-100
0
100
200
Jan-10
May-18
Sep-26
thousands '000
Number of future contracts


[Page 5]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
5 
 
Top client questions (cont’d) 
  Will the step-up in the Fed’s risk-free rate trigger a re-
pricing of equities? 
Our view: We expect strong corporate earnings growth to offset 
the headwind of higher rates, driving positive performance for 
global equities. We remain Overweight global equities. 
Rationale: The Fed’s latest 25bps rate hike had been anticipated 
by the bond market, partly reflected in the bond yield rise we have 
seen so far in 2026. Using the US 10-year government bond yield as 
a proxy for the risk-free rate, the yield has risen by 80-85bps this 
year. We estimate that each 25bps rise in the discount rate presents 
a valuation drag on global equities. On this basis, the rise in yields 
represents a potential 10-14% headwind for equities this year. 
However, the Fed’s hike reflects a solid expansion of US economic 
activity, resilient domestic spending and robust capital investment. 
This is consistent with the positive earnings revisions we have seen 
this year, with 2026 earnings growth projections now at 34% (and 
16% for 2027). Global equities are up 14% year-to-date (YTD), but 
even with a 14% valuation headwind from higher yields, we believe 
they can rise further, given strong earnings growth in 2026 and 2027. 
—  Fook Hien Yap, Senior Investment Strategist 
  What is the outlook for the US 10-year government bond 
yield? What is your tactical view on the DXY? 
Our view: We raise our three-month US 10-year government 
bond yield forecast to the 5.00-5.25% range. Meanwhile, we see 
a near-term upward bias in the DXY after its recent downtrend, 
supported by recent Fed tightening and higher short-term US 
bond yields.  
Rationale: The Fed's decision to raise the target range for the 
federal funds rate by 25bps to 3.75-4.00% validates the upside policy 
risks we flagged recently, following Fed Chair Warsh's Jackson Hole 
speech and a run of firmer US economic data. We expect growth 
to remain robust, the labour market to remain tight and inflation to 
stay elevated, supporting one more hike before year-end 2026 and 
potentially another in H1 2027 – fewer than the three additional 
hikes currently priced in by money markets. For the US 10-year 
government bond yield, further policy tightening and lingering US 
fiscal concerns should keep yields elevated, but the Fed’s visible 
response to inflation should limit additional upward pressure, leaving 
the 10-year yield holding around the 5.00-5.25% range. 
Crucially, Warsh provided no forward guidance on further rate 
hikes. Markets had already priced in substantial additional rate hikes 
ahead of the Fed meeting, reducing the scope for further USD upside 
purely from rate repricing. Meanwhile, we expect further policy 
tightening from the ECB and the BoJ, while the RBA also remains 
biased towards further tightening. This should gradually narrow the 
US rate advantage and limit the extent of a DXY rebound. 
—  Vincent Tan, Senior Investment Strategist 
—  Anthony Naab, CFA, Investment Strategist 
Global equities’ earnings growth estimates have 
been revised higher this year, offsetting the 
headwind from higher rates 
Evolution of consensus 2026 and 2027 earnings 
growth for the MSCI AC World Index (MSCI ACWI) 
 
Source: FactSet, Standard Chartered 
The US Dollar Index (DXY) remains closely linked 
to US front-end rate expectations 
The DXY tracks US 2-year government bond yields 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
34.0
15.7
10
15
20
25
30
35
Sep-25
Jan-26
May-26
Sep-26
%
2026
2027
4.7
100.2
96
97
98
99
100
101
102
3.3
3.6
3.9
4.2
4.5
4.8
Sep-25
Jan-26
May-26
Sep-26
USD
%
US 2Y Government Bond Yield
DXY (RHS)


[Page 6]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
6 
 
Top client questions (cont’d) 
  How should investors position in technology as AI lab 
CEOs call for a slowdown in frontier AI model development? 
Our view: We believe concerns over “pacing the frontier” are 
overdone. We maintain our preference to remain invested in 
and diversified across Big Tech and semiconductor leaders. 
Rationale: We believe it is prudent for investors to avoid 
overreacting to the recent calls for a slowdown in frontier AI model 
development, as they focus on responsible AI development, rather 
than halting AI model development or reducing spending. The global 
AI leadership race, reinforced by the US and China’s strategic 
ambitions, also makes a coordinated slowdown unlikely. 
While the near-term narrative may shift from AI training beneficiaries 
towards inference plays, hyperscalers continue to signal strong AI 
infrastructure commitments and improving monetisation, supporting 
our AI capex outlook. Rising AI adoption and agentic use cases 
should sustain inference demand, even if training activity moderates, 
benefiting custom AI chips, NAND flash memory and hyperscalers.  
We believe the decline in valuations this year more than 
compensates for any downside risk to AI capex. Our Opportunistic 
idea on Global Semiconductors further reflects our conviction, with 
attractive valuations supporting selective additions during volatility. 
—  Ryan Goh, Investment Strategist 
  With ASEAN and UK equities outperforming AI-focused 
markets in H2 2026, is it worth adding to these markets? 
Our view: ASEAN and UK equities offer portfolio diversification, 
but we are Underweight both markets in favour of US and Asia 
ex-Japan (AxJ) equities, given their stronger earnings potential. 
Rationale: The ASEAN and UK markets have outperformed the 
MSCI ACWI over the past three months, but both have 
underperformed on a YTD basis. Financials is the largest sector in 
the ASEAN (53%) and the UK (28%) and provides steady earnings. 
However, both markets have minimal exposure to the technology 
sector (just 3% and 1%, respectively), ultimately dragging down 
growth. Hence, while defensive markets offer value by increasing 
diversification and reducing volatility in a portfolio, we maintain our 
Underweight allocation for ASEAN and the UK, as we see much 
stronger earnings potential elsewhere in the US and AxJ markets.  
We remain Overweight US and AxJ, supported by robust earnings 
growth, as AI still has the potential to become a major economic 
growth driver. Our 12-month S&P500 Index forecast of 8,400 
implies low-teens upside, supported by a strong earnings backdrop 
of 25-30% earnings-per-share growth for 2026 and 15-20% for 
2027. AxJ also boasts the strongest earnings growth among major 
markets, fuelled by the AI semiconductor super-cycle. 
—  Cindy Lam, CFA, Senior Investment Strategist 
Our AI capex estimates are 15-20% below 
consensus expectations to account for execution 
risks 
Global AI capex is expected to register a CAGR of 
33% over 2025-30 
 
Source: Company reports, Standard Chartered 
Our Overweight views on AxJ and US equities are 
supported by robust earnings growth 
Consensus 2026 and 2027 earnings growth estimates 
for MSCI equity indices 
 
Source: FactSet, Standard Chartered 
 
60
150 225
405
750
1,000
1,250
1,450
1,675
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2022
2023
2024
2025E
2026E
2027E
2028E
2029E
2030E
USD bn
Global AI capex
2025 - 2030E
CAGR = 33%
86%
27%
34%
16%
32%
16%
24%
5%
7%
7%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
2026
2027
Asia ex-Japan
Global
US
UK
ASEAN


[Page 7]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
7 
 
Top client questions (cont’d) 
  Why is it still appropriate to have a positive stance on US 
high-yield (HY) bonds? 
Our view: We remain opportunistically bullish on US HY bonds. 
Lower sensitivity to interest rate volatility, a below-trend default 
rate and a maturity wall pushed out to 2028-29 drive this view. 
Rationale: Recent interest rate volatility has highlighted a key 
structural advantage of US HY bonds: their higher coupon rates 
and shorter tenors relative to Developed Market (DM) government 
bonds and US investment-grade (IG) corporate bonds translate into 
a much lower sensitivity to interest rates, cushioning bond prices 
during yield backup episodes, where bond yields rise sharply. 
YTD, US HY has delivered 1.8% in total returns, outperforming DM 
government bonds and US IG corporate bonds by over 3% each on 
a relative basis. This outperformance was particularly evident during 
the recent back-up in bond yields, as inflation concerns re-emerged 
after renewed Middle East tensions – an environment where HY's 
lower rate sensitivity provided a relative cushion even as broader 
fixed income markets came under pressure in absolute terms. On 
the fundamentals side, US HY corporate credit quality remains 
resilient. Default rates continue to track below long-run trend levels, 
and the maturity wall has been pushed out to 2028-29, reducing 
near-term refinancing risk. Against a non-recessionary macro 
backdrop, we expect these credit fundamentals to hold, supporting 
the case for continued opportunistic exposure to the asset class.  
—  Ray Heung, Senior Investment Strategist 
  Do the latest BoJ and BoE meetings alter your view on the 
central banks’ rate paths and their corresponding currencies? 
Our view: We remain constructive on the JPY and expect two 
BoJ rate hikes this year and potentially one hike per quarter in 
H1 2027 as policy normalisation continues. Meanwhile, the BoE 
held rates at 3.75%. We expect GBP/USD to stay rangebound 
within 1.32-1.36 over the next 1-3 months, with downside risk 
towards the lower end of our medium-term 1.30-1.36 range. 
Rationale: Persistent inflation, higher energy prices and earlier JPY 
weakness support further BoJ policy normalisation. Continued 
hiking should progressively narrow the US-Japan rate gap, reduce 
the attractiveness of JPY-funded carry trades and support the JPY 
over the medium term towards the 153-155 range. However, with a 
September hike largely priced in, future tightening’s pace will be 
more important for the JPY. Meanwhile, the BoE was split 6-3 in its 
decision to hold rates at 3.75%, with three members preferring a 
25bps hike, signalling elevated inflation risks. However, a weaker 
labour market is likely to limit the pace of BoE tightening. The US-
UK rate divergence is expected to favour the USD over the next 1-3 
months. Further BoE tightening (if inflation remains elevated) could 
narrow the rate gap and provide support to the GBP later in the cycle. 
—  Vincent Tan, Senior Investment Strategist 
We expect US HY bonds to continue delivering 
strong performance in the near term 
Total returns: US HY corporate, US IG corporate and 
DM government bond indices  
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
USD/JPY vs. US-Japan 2-year government bond 
yield differential 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
103.0
99.7
99.3
98.5
99.5
100.5
101.5
102.5
103.5
104.5
Sep-25
Jan-26
May-26
Sep-26
US HY
US IG
DM Govvies
156.2
2.8
2.10
2.30
2.50
2.70
2.90
146
149
152
155
158
161
164
Sep-25
Jan-26
May-26
Sep-26
%
USD/JPY
USD/JPY
US-Japan 2y government bond yield differential (RHS)


[Page 8]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
8 
 
Market performance summary* 
        
 
Sources: MSCI, JP Morgan, Barclays Capital, Citigroup, Dow Jones, HFRX, FTSE, Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
*Performance in USD terms unless otherwise stated, 2026 YTD performance from 31 December 2025 to 17 September 2026; 1-week period: 10 
September 2026 to 17 September 2026 
0.0%
-0.8%
-0.3%
-0.3%
-0.4%
-0.7%
-2.3%
-0.2%
0.6%
0.2%
-2.6%
0.5%
-0.5%
-0.6%
-1.4%
0.2%
-1.1%
-1.1%
-0.6%
-1.0%
-1.1%
-1.2%
-0.1%
-1.4%
0.0%
-0.4%
-0.2%
-1.7%
-1.2%
-0.1%
-0.9%
0.1%
-0.5%
-1.0%
-1.2%
2.5%
-2.0%
0.0%
-0.7%
1.7%
-1.0%
-0.9%
0.2%
-0.6%
-2.3%
-8.0%
-1.7%
-1.4%
-1.1%
-2.3%
-0.4%
-2.0%
-3.4%
0.7%
-0.9%
0.3%
-0.2%
1.1%
0.6%
-3.2%
0.4%
-0.1%
-0.1%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
1 Week
6.6%
6.3%
2.0%
1.0%
3.8%
36.6%
18.6%
85.9%
10.2%
-2.3%
74.0%
0.5%
0.9%
0.8%
-3.9%
4.0%
-1.9%
-0.4%
6.6%
0.5%
-0.9%
-2.3%
-0.1%
-1.0%
1.9%
1.5%
-1.6%
-5.8%
0.8%
0.4%
-3.9%
-1.3%
-1.5%
6.0%
2.9%
1.4%
12.9%
30.2%
10.1%
5.8%
10.1%
38.1%
4.6%
-6.8%
64.4%
88.0%
-12.6%
-11.8%
5.2%
17.2%
30.6%
3.7%
23.5%
11.2%
21.9%
21.1%
8.5%
10.9%
12.2%
22.0%
12.1%
16.3%
13.2%
-40% -20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80% 100%
Macro CTAs
Equity Long/Short
Event Driven
Relative Value
Composite (All strategies)
Diversified Commodity
Agriculture
Energy
Industrial Metal
Precious Metal
Crude Oil
Gold
Asia ex-Japan
SGD
CHF
CNH
CAD
NZD
AUD
JPY
GBP
EUR
Asia HC
Europe High Yield
US High Yield
DM High Yield Corporates
DM IG Corporates
Asia EM LC
EM Sovereign LC
EM Sovereign HC
EU Sovereign
US Sovereign
DM IG Sovereign
Global Property Equity/REITs
Utilities
Communication Services
Materials
IT
Industrial
Healthcare
Financial
Energy
Consumer Staples
Consumer Discretionary
Taiwan
South Korea
India
China
Middle East
Latam
Eastern Europe
Africa
Asia ex-Japan
United Kingdom
Japan (USD)
Japan (Local)
Western Europe (USD)
Western Europe (Local)
US
Emerging Markets (EM)
Developed Markets (DM)
Global High Divi Yield Equities
Global Equities
Year to Date
Bonds | Credit
Equity | Country & Region
Bonds | Sovereign
Alternatives
FX (against USD)
Equity | Sector
Commodity


[Page 9]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
Important disclosures can be found in the Disclosures Appendix. 
9 
 
 
Our 12-month asset class views at a glance 
Asset class 
Equities 
▲ 
 
Preferred Sectors 
 
US 
▲ 
 
US Technology 
▲ 
Europe ex-UK 
◆ 
 
US Communication  
▲ 
UK 
▼ 
 
US Financials  
▲ 
Asia ex-Japan 
▲ 
 
Europe ex-UK Financials ▲ 
Japan 
◆ 
 
Europe ex-UK Industrials ▲ 
Other EM 
◆ 
 
Japan Financials 
▲ 
 
 
 
China Communication 
▲ 
Bonds 
◆ 
 
China Technology 
▲ 
 
 
 
 
 
Credit 
 
 
Govt 
 
Asia USD 
◆ 
 
Govt EM Local 
◆ 
Corp DM HY 
◆ 
 
Govt DM IG 
▼ 
Govt EM USD 
▲ 
 
 
 
Corp DM IG 
◆ 
 
Alternatives 
◆ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gold 
▲ 
Source: Standard Chartered Global Investment Committee 
Legend:  ▲ Most preferred  |  ▼ Less preferred  |  ◆ Core holding 
 
 
Economic and market calendar 
 
Market Event 
Period Expected Prior 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MON 
USD 
Chicago Fed Nat 
Activity Index 
Aug 
-0.06 -0.08 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TUE 
USD 
Richmond Fed 
Manufact. Index 
Sep 
– 
4.0 
EUR 
Consumer Confidence 
Sep P 
– -15.5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WED 
EUR 
S&P Global Eurozone 
Manufacturing PMI 
Sep P 
– 
52.7 
EUR 
S&P Global Eurozone 
Services PMI 
Sep P 
– 
51.6 
USD 
S&P Global US 
Manufacturing PMI 
Sep P 
– 
53.9 
USD 
S&P Global US 
Services PMI 
Sep P 
– 
56.5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
THU 
JPY 
S&P Global Japan 
Manufacturing PMI 
Sep P 
– 
54.9 
JPY 
S&P Global Japan 
Services PMI 
Sep P 
– 
52.5 
CHF 
SNB Policy Rate 
24-Sep 
0.0% 0.0% 
EUR 
IFO Business Climate 
Sep 
– 
88.8 
USD 
New Home Sales 
Aug 
615k 607k 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FRI/SAT 
EUR 
GfK Consumer 
Confidence 
Oct 
– -26.6 
USD 
Durable Goods Orders 
Aug P 
-0.3% 1.1% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
Prior data are for the preceding period unless otherwise indicated. Data 
are % change on previous period unless otherwise indicated 
P - preliminary data, F - final data, sa - seasonally adjusted, y/y - year-
on-year, m/m - month-on-month 
 
 
 
The S&P500 has next interim resistance at 7,770 
Technical indicators for key markets as of 17 Sep close 
 
Index 
Spot 
1st 
support 
1st 
resis-
tance 
12m 
forward 
P/E (x) 
12m 
forward 
dividend 
yield (%) 
S&P 500 
7,638 
7,507 
7,770 
19.1 
1.2 
STOXX 50 
6,323 
6,172 
6,496 
14.8 
3.2 
FTSE 100 
10,816 
10,628 10,962 
12.8 
3.5 
TOPIX 
4,094 
3,975 
4,205 
16.1 
2.3 
Shanghai Comp 
3,876 
3,814 
3,966 
12.7 
3.1 
Hang Seng 
24,604 
23,972 25,623 
10.3 
3.5 
Nifty 50 
23,271 
22,798 24,061 
17.4 
1.9 
MSCI Asia  
ex-Japan 
1,113 
1,085 
1,156 
9.8 
2.5 
MSCI EM 
1,688 
1,643 
1,751 
9.6 
3.1 
Crude oil (WTI) 
101.9 
85.4 
112.6 
na 
na 
Gold 
4,342 
4,153 
4,614 
na 
na 
UST 10Y Yield 
4.93 
4.68 
5.11 
na 
na 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
Note: These short-term technical levels are based on models and may 
differ from a more qualitative analysis provided in other pages  
 
Investor diversity has normalised across asset classes 
Our proprietary market diversity indicators as of 17 Sep close 
Level 1 
Diversity 
1-month 
trend 
Fractal 
dimension 
Global Bonds 
● 
 
1.51 
Global Equities 
● 
 
1.90 
Gold 
● 
 
1.76 
Equity 
  
  
  
MSCI US 
● 
 
1.70 
MSCI Europe 
● 
 
1.83 
MSCI AC AXJ 
● 
 
1.60 
Fixed Income 
  
  
  
DM Corp Bond 
● 
 
1.54 
DM High Yield 
● 
 
2.00 
EM USD 
● 
 
1.54 
EM Local 
● 
 
1.71 
Asia USD 
● 
 
1.64 
Currencies 
  
  
  
EUR/USD 
● 
 
1.98 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered; Fractal dimensions below 
1.25 indicate extremely low market diversity/high risk of a reversal 
Legend:  ● High  |  ◐ Low to mid  |  ○ Critically low 


[Page 10]
 
 
 
Market views on-the-go 
MVOG  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SC Wealth Insights 
Find out more  
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 PvB LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SC Money 
Insights 
4 podcasts shows on Spotify 
and Apple platforms 
 
 Spotify 
 
 
 Apple Podcasts 
 
 
 
Speak to your Relationship Manager/Investment Advisor today for access to our security specific publications. 
 
 
Access our views 24/7 on key platforms 
 


[Page 11]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
11 
 
  
Disclosures 
This document is confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy all copies and notify 
the sender immediately. This document is being distributed for general information only and is subject to the relevant disclaimers 
available at our Standard Chartered website under Regulatory disclosures. It is not and does not constitute research material, 
independent research, an offer, recommendation or solicitation to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or 
investment strategy, in relation to any securities or other financial instruments. This document is for general evaluation only. It does 
not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person or class of 
persons and it has not been prepared for any particular person or class of persons. You should not rely on any contents of this 
document in making any investment decisions. Before making any investment, you should carefully read the relevant offering 
documents and seek independent legal, tax and regulatory advice. In particular, we recommend you to seek advice regarding the 
suitability of the investment product, taking into account your specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs, 
before you make a commitment to purchase the investment product. Opinions, projections and estimates are solely those of SC at 
the date of this document and subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future results and no 
representation or warranty is made regarding future performance. The value of investments, and the income from them, can go down 
as well as up, and you may not recover the amount of your original investment. You are not certain to make a profit and may lose 
money. Any forecast contained herein as to likely future movements in rates or prices or likely future events or occurrences constitutes 
an opinion only and is not indicative of actual future movements in rates or prices or actual future events or occurrences (as the case 
may be). This document must not be forwarded or otherwise made available to any other person without the express written consent 
of the Standard Chartered Group (as defined below). Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by 
Royal Charter 1853 Reference Number ZC18. The Principal Office of the Company is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, 
London, EC2V 5DD. Standard Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Standard Chartered PLC, the ultimate parent company of Standard Chartered 
Bank, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (including each branch or representative office), form the Standard Chartered Group. 
Standard Chartered Global Private Bank is the private banking division of Standard Chartered. Private banking activities may be 
carried out internationally by different legal entities and affiliates within the Standard Chartered Group (each an “SC Group Entity”) 
according to local regulatory requirements. Not all products and services are provided by all branches, subsidiaries and affiliates 
within the Standard Chartered Group. Some of the SC Group Entities only act as representatives of Standard Chartered Global 
Private Bank and may not be able to offer products and services or offer advice to clients.  
Copyright © 2026, Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (and its affiliates, as applicable). Reproduction of content 
provided by CFRA in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of CFRA. CFRA content is not investment advice 
and a reference to or observation concerning a security or investment provided in the CFRA SERVICES is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. The CFRA content contains opinions of CFRA 
based upon publicly-available information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are subject to change without notice. 
This analysis has not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other regulatory body. While CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, CFRA, ITS THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS, AND ALL 
RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, to the full extent 
permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information and assumes no liability with respect to the 
consequences of relying on this information for investment or other purposes. No content provided by CFRA (including ratings, credit-
related analyses and data, valuations, model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof may be modified, 
reverse engineered, reproduced or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior 
written permission of CFRA, and such content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-
party providers, as well as their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, 
timeliness or availability of such content. In no event shall CFRA, its affiliates, or their third-party suppliers be liable for any direct, 
indirect, special, or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity 
costs) in connection with a subscriber’s, subscriber’s customer’s, or other’s use of CFRA’s content. 
Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclaimer 
Banking activities may be carried out internationally by different branches, subsidiaries and affiliates within the Standard Chartered 
Group according to local regulatory requirements. Opinions may contain outright “buy”, “sell”, “hold” or other opinions. The time 
horizon of this opinion is dependent on prevailing market conditions and there is no planned frequency for updates to the opinion. 
This opinion is not independent of Standard Chartered Group’s trading strategies or positions. Standard Chartered Group and/or its 
affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons involved in the 


[Page 12]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
12 
 
preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or regulation, be long or 
short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document or have material interest in any such securities or related 
investments. Therefore, it is possible, and you should assume, that Standard Chartered Group has a material interest in one or more 
of the financial instruments mentioned herein. Please refer to our Standard Chartered website under Regulatory disclosures for more 
detailed disclosures, including past opinions/ recommendations in the last 12 months and conflict of interests, as well as disclaimers. 
A covering strategist may have a financial interest in the debt or equity securities of this company/issuer. All covering strategist are 
licensed to provide investment recommendations under Monetary Authority of Singapore or Hong Kong Monetary Authority. This 
document must not be forwarded or otherwise made available to any other person without the express written consent of Standard 
Chartered Group. 
Sustainable Investments  
Any ESG data used or referred to has been provided by Morningstar, Sustainalytics, MSCI or Bloomberg. Refer to 1) Morningstar 
website under Sustainable Investing, 2) Sustainalytics website under ESG Risk Ratings, 3) MCSI website under ESG Business 
Involvement Screening Research and 4) Bloomberg green, social & sustainability bonds guide for more information. The ESG data 
is as at the date of publication based on data provided, is for informational purpose only and is not warranted to be complete, timely, 
accurate or suitable for a particular purpose, and it may be subject to change. The ESG data providers may not provide data coverage 
of all companies or securities in our Sustainable Investment Universe or Fund Select funds. As a result, a small subset of companies 
or securities will not be in scope for exclusionary screening. Sustainable Investments (SI): This refers to funds that have been 
classified as ‘ESG Intentional Investments - Overall’ by Morningstar. SI funds have explicitly stated in their prospectus and regulatory 
filings that they either incorporate ESG factors into the investment process or have a thematic focus on the environment, gender 
diversity, low carbon, renewable energy, water or community development. For equity, it refers to shares/stocks issued by companies 
with Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating of Low/Negligible. For bonds, it refers to debt instruments issued by issuers with Sustainalytics 
ESG Risk Rating of Low/Negligible, and/or those being certified green, social, sustainable bonds by Bloomberg. For structured 
products, it refers to products that are issued by any issuer who has a Sustainable Finance framework that aligns with Standard 
Chartered’s Green and Sustainable Product Framework, with underlying assets that are part of the Sustainable Investment universe 
or separately approved by Standard Chartered’s Sustainable Finance Governance Committee. Sustainalytics ESG risk ratings shown 
are factual and are not an indicator that the product is classified or marketed as “green”, “sustainable” or similar under any particular 
classification system or framework. 
Shariah ("Shariah Compliant or Shariah Compliance") 
For any reason to enter only into transactions which comply or are consistent with the principles of the Shariah, the client certifies 
that he/she/it has made his /her/its own investigation into and satisfied itself as to the Shariah compliance of the Islamic security and 
all necessary action to confirm that the Islamic security is Shariah compliant has been taken (including the obtaining of a fatwa, where 
required) and the Client will not claim any dispute on the grounds of any lack of Shariah compliance of these investments. The Client 
has not relied on Standard Chartered Group or any written declaration, fatwa, opinion or other documents prepared by, on behalf or 
at the request of Standard Chartered Group for the purposes of a determination or confirmation that these instruments are Shariah 
compliant. 
Country/Market Specific Disclosures 
Bahrain: This document is being distributed in Bahrain by Standard Chartered Bank, Bahrain Branch, having its address at P.O. 29, 
Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain, is a branch of Standard Chartered Bank and is licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain as a 
conventional retail bank. Botswana: This document is being distributed in Botswana by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered 
Bank Botswana Limited which is a financial institution licensed under the Section 6 of the Banking Act CAP 46.04 and is listed in the 
Botswana Stock Exchange. Brunei Darussalam: This document is being distributed in Brunei Darussalam by, and is attributable to, 
Standard Chartered Bank (Brunei Branch) | Registration Number RFC/61 and Standard Chartered Securities (B) Sdn Bhd | 
Registration Number RC20001003. Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter 1853 
Reference Number ZC18. Standard Chartered Securities (B) Sdn Bhd is a limited liability company registered with the Registry of 
Companies with Registration Number RC20001003 and licensed by Brunei Darussalam Central Bank as a Capital Markets Service 
License Holder with License Number BDCB/R/CMU/S3-CL and it is authorised to conduct Islamic investment business through an 
Islamic window. China Mainland: This document is being distributed in China by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank 
(China) Limited which is mainly regulated by National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA), State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange (SAFE), and People’s Bank of China (PBOC). Hong Kong: In Hong Kong, this document, except for any portion advising 
on or facilitating any decision on futures contracts trading, is distributed by Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (“SCBHK”), 


[Page 13]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
13 
 
a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. SCBHK has its registered address at 32/F, Standard Chartered Bank Building, 4-4A Des 
Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong and is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and registered with the Securities and 
Futures Commission (“SFC”) to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 (advising on securities), Type 6 (advising on corporate 
finance) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activity under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) (“SFO”) (CE No. 
AJI614). The contents of this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong and you are advised to 
exercise caution in relation to any offer set out herein. If you are in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should 
obtain independent professional advice. Any product named herein may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any 
document at any time other than to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance. In 
addition, this document may not be issued or possessed for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, and any 
interests may not be disposed of, to any person unless such person is outside Hong Kong or is a “professional investor” as defined 
in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance, or as otherwise may be permitted by that ordinance. In Hong Kong, Standard 
Chartered Global Private Bank is the private banking division of SCBHK, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. Ghana: Standard 
Chartered Bank Ghana Limited accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including 
special, incidental or consequential loss or damage) from your use of these documents. Past performance is not indicative of future 
results and no representation or warranty is made regarding future performance. You should seek advice from a financial adviser on 
the suitability of an investment for you, taking into account these factors before making a commitment to invest in an investment. To 
unsubscribe from receiving further updates, please send an email to feedback.ghana@sc.com. Please do not reply to this email. Call 
our Priority Banking on 0302610750 for any questions or service queries. You are advised not to send any confidential and/or 
important information to Standard Chartered via e-mail, as Standard Chartered makes no representations or warranties as to the 
security or accuracy of any information transmitted via e-mail. Standard Chartered shall not be responsible for any loss or damage 
suffered by you arising from your decision to use e-mail to communicate with the Bank. India: This document is being distributed in 
India by Standard Chartered in its capacity as a distributor of mutual funds and referrer of any other third party financial products. 
Standard Chartered does not offer any ‘Investment Advice’ as defined in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Investment 
Advisers) Regulations, 2013 or otherwise. Services/products related securities business offered by Standard Charted are not intended 
for any person, who is a resident of any jurisdiction, the laws of which imposes prohibition on soliciting the securities business in that 
jurisdiction without going through the registration requirements and/or prohibit the use of any information contained in this document. 
Indonesia: This document is being distributed in Indonesia by Standard Chartered Bank, Indonesia branch, which is a financial 
institution licensed and supervised by Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (Financial Service Authority) and Bank Indonesia. Jersey: In Jersey, 
Standard Chartered Global Private Bank is the Registered Business Name of the Jersey Branch of Standard Chartered Bank. The 
Jersey Branch of Standard Chartered Bank is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission. Copies of the latest audited 
accounts of Standard Chartered Bank are available from its principal place of business in Jersey: PO Box 80, 15 Castle Street, St 
Helier, Jersey JE4 8PT. Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter in 1853 Reference 
Number ZC 18. The Principal Office of the Company is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD. Standard 
Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential 
Regulation Authority. The Jersey Branch of Standard Chartered Bank is also an authorised financial services provider under license 
number 44946 issued by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority of the Republic of South Africa. Jersey is not part of the United 
Kingdom and all business transacted with Standard Chartered Bank, Jersey Branch and other SC Group Entity outside of the United 
Kingdom, are not subject to some or any of the investor protection and compensation schemes available under United Kingdom law. 
Kenya: This document is being distributed in Kenya by and is attributable to Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited. Investment 
Products and Services are distributed by Standard Chartered Investment Services Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard 
Chartered Bank Kenya Limited that is licensed by the Capital Markets Authority in Kenya, as a Fund Manager. Standard Chartered 
Bank Kenya Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Kenya. Malaysia: This document is being distributed in Malaysia by Standard 
Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad (“SCBMB”). Recipients in Malaysia should contact SCBMB in relation to any matters arising from, 
or in connection with, this document. This document has not been reviewed by the Securities Commission Malaysia. The product 
lodgement, registration, submission or approval by the Securities Commission of Malaysia does not amount to nor indicate 
recommendation or endorsement of the product, service or promotional activity. Investment products are not deposits and are not 
obligations of, not guaranteed by, and not protected by SCBMB or any of the affiliates or subsidiaries, or by Perbadanan Insurans 
Deposit Malaysia, any government or insurance agency. Investment products are subject to investment risks, including the possible 
loss of the principal amount invested. SCBMB expressly disclaim any liability and responsibility for any loss arising directly or indirectly 
(including special, incidental or consequential loss or damage) arising from the financial losses of the Investment Products due to 
market condition. Nigeria: This document is being distributed in Nigeria by Standard Chartered Bank Nigeria Limited (SCB Nigeria), 
a bank duly licensed and regulated by the Central Bank of Nigeria. SCB Nigeria accepts no liability for any loss or damage arising 
directly or indirectly (including special, incidental or consequential loss or damage) from your use of these documents. You should 


[Page 14]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
14 
 
seek advice from a financial adviser on the suitability of an investment for you, taking into account these factors before making a 
commitment to invest in an investment. To unsubscribe from receiving further updates, please send an email to clientcare.ng@sc.com 
requesting to be removed from our mailing list. Please do not reply to this email. Call our Priority Banking on 02 012772514 for any 
questions or service queries. SCB Nigeria shall not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from your decision to send 
confidential and/or important information to Standard Chartered via e-mail. SCB Nigeria makes no representations or warranties as 
to the security or accuracy of any information transmitted via e-mail.  Pakistan: This document is being distributed in Pakistan by, 
and attributable to Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Limited having its registered office at PO Box 5556, I.I Chundrigar Road 
Karachi, which is a banking company registered with State Bank of Pakistan under Banking Companies Ordinance 1962 and is also 
having licensed issued by Securities & Exchange Commission of Pakistan for Security Advisors. Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) 
Limited acts as a distributor of mutual funds and referrer of other third-party financial products. Singapore: This document is being 
distributed in Singapore by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (Registration No. 201224747C/ GST 
Group Registration No. MR-8500053-0, “SCBSL”). Recipients in Singapore should contact SCBSL in relation to any matters arising 
from, or in connection with, this document. SCBSL is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank and is licensed 
to conduct banking business in Singapore under the Singapore Banking Act, 1970. Standard Chartered Global Private Bank is the 
private banking division of SCBSL. IN RELATION TO ANY SECURITY OR SECURITIES-BASED DERIVATIVES CONTRACT 
REFERRED TO IN THIS DOCUMENT, THIS DOCUMENT, TOGETHER WITH THE ISSUER DOCUMENTATION, SHALL BE 
DEEMED AN INFORMATION MEMORANDUM (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 275 OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 2001 
(“SFA”)). THIS DOCUMENT IS INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
4A(1)(a) OF THE SFA, OR ON THE BASIS THAT THE SECURITY OR SECURITIES-BASED DERIVATIVES CONTRACT MAY 
ONLY BE ACQUIRED AT A CONSIDERATION OF NOT LESS THAN S$200,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN A FOREIGN 
CURRENCY) FOR EACH TRANSACTION. Further, in relation to any security or securities-based derivatives contract, neither this 
document nor the Issuer Documentation has been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the 
SFA. Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the product may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the product be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons other than a relevant person pursuant to section 
275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in section 
275 of the SFA, or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. In relation to any 
collective investment schemes referred to in this document, this document is for general information purposes only and is not an 
offering document or prospectus (as defined in the SFA). This document is not, nor is it intended to be (i) an offer or solicitation of an 
offer to buy or sell any capital markets product; or (ii) an advertisement of an offer or intended offer of any capital markets product. 
Deposit Insurance Scheme: Singapore dollar deposits of non-bank depositors are insured by the Singapore Deposit Insurance 
Corporation, for up to S$100,000 in aggregate per depositor per Scheme member by law. Foreign currency deposits, dual currency 
investments, structured deposits and other investment products are not insured. This advertisement has not been reviewed by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Taiwan: SC Group Entity or Standard Chartered Bank (Taiwan) Limited (“SCB (Taiwan)”) may be 
involved in the financial instruments contained herein or other related financial instruments. The author of this document may have 
discussed the information contained herein with other employees or agents of SC or SCB (Taiwan). The author and the above-
mentioned employees of SC or SCB (Taiwan) may have taken related actions in respect of the information involved (including 
communication with customers of SC or SCB (Taiwan) as to the information contained herein). The opinions contained in this 
document may change, or differ from the opinions of employees of SC or SCB (Taiwan). SC and SCB (Taiwan) will not provide any 
notice of any changes to or differences between the above-mentioned opinions. This document may cover companies with which SC 
or SCB (Taiwan) seeks to do business at times and issuers of financial instruments. Therefore, investors should understand that the 
information contained herein may serve as specific purposes as a result of conflict of interests of SC or SCB (Taiwan). SC, SCB 
(Taiwan), the employees (including those who have discussions with the author) or customers of SC or SCB (Taiwan) may have an 
interest in the products, related financial instruments or related derivative financial products contained herein; invest in those products 
at various prices and on different market conditions; have different or conflicting interests in those products. The potential impacts 
include market makers’ related activities, such as dealing, investment, acting as agents, or performing financial or consulting services 
in relation to any of the products referred to in this document. UAE: DIFC - Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with 
limited liability by Royal Charter 1853 Reference Number ZC18.The Principal Office of the Company is situated in England at 1 
Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD. Standard Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated 
by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial 
Centre having its offices at Dubai International Financial Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of 
Standard Chartered Bank and is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use 
only by Professional Clients and is not directed at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook. In the DIFC we are authorised to 


[Page 15]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 18 September 2026 
 
15 
 
provide financial services only to clients who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. As 
a Professional Client you will not be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right to be 
classified as a Retail Client we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required license 
to undertake such activities. For Islamic transactions, we are acting under the supervision of our Shariah Supervisory Committee. 
Relevant information on our Shariah Supervisory Committee is currently available on the Standard Chartered Bank website in the 
Islamic banking section. For residents of the UAE – Standard Chartered UAE (“SC UAE”) is licensed by the Central Bank of the 
U.A.E. SC UAE is licensed by Securities and Commodities Authority to practice Promotion Activity. SC UAE does not provide financial 
analysis or consultation services in or into the UAE within the meaning of UAE Securities and Commodities Authority Decision No. 
48/r of 2008 concerning financial consultation and financial analysis. Uganda: Our Investment products and services are distributed 
by Standard Chartered Bank Uganda Limited, which is licensed by the Capital Markets Authority as an investment adviser. United 
Kingdom: In the UK, Standard Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. This communication has been approved by Standard Chartered Bank for the 
purposes of Section 21 (2) (b) of the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) as amended in 2010 and 
2012 only. Standard Chartered Bank (trading as Standard Chartered Global Private Bank) is also an authorised financial services 
provider (license number 45747) in terms of the South African Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. The Materials 
have not been prepared in accordance with UK legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, 
and that it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment research. Vietnam: This document 
is being distributed in Vietnam by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Vietnam) Limited which is mainly regulated by 
State Bank of Vietnam (SBV). Recipients in Vietnam should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Vietnam) Limited for any queries 
regarding any content of this document. Zambia: This document is distributed by Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc, a company 
incorporated in Zambia and registered as a commercial bank and licensed by the Bank of Zambia under the Banking and Financial 
Services Act Chapter 387 of the Laws of Zambia. 
