[Page 1]
 
BofA Securities does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research 
reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
Refer to important disclosures on page 25 to 26.  
13019024 
 
 
Global Economic Weekly 
Hiking season in full bloom 
     
   
 
 
Global Letter: Hiking season in full bloom 
As expected, the Fed hiked and communication was hawkish. Our view has been that 
rate hikes were necessary in the US, and Warsh stated many of the reasons that we have 
argued: loose financial conditions, strong growth, the capex boom, a solid labor market, 
and inflation that remains too high. The bar for Warsh to out-hawk the market has 
become relatively high. But, especially outside the US, we think markets will sooner or 
later have to readjust their hike expectations lower, with initial conditions that are 
different from the post-COVID boom. 
United States: Kevin Warsh and the parable of the Chinese 
farmer 
Fed hikes looked politically challenging a few months ago, but they increasingly seem 
like an opportunity for Chair Warsh to burnish his legacy. We stick to our call for two 
more, in Oct and Dec. The robustness of the nominal economy both increases the risks 
of inflation persistence and reduces the risks that hikes will cause a recession. However, 
if supply shocks prove persistent, the Fed might eventually have to choose between an 
extended inflation overshoot and a hard landing. 
Euro Area: Corporate health check – deteriorating 
Our corporate health measure moved into “vulnerable” territory in 1Q26 and is likely to 
stay there in 2Q. Financing conditions and activity were the swing factors, adding to 
weak profits, especially in Germany and France. 
UK: BoE review – Hawkish hold, increasingly nervous 
The BoE was on hold, with 6-3 vote. Decisive hawkish shift with the BoE looking closer 
to tightening, if the recent rise in energy prices is sustained. We keep our call of no hikes 
this year under review. Recent energy moves, if they persist, could make a hike in Nov. 
our base case. But we do view market pricing of close to four hikes as excessive. 
Australia & New Zealand: Weathering El Niño 
El Niño often means hotter and drier conditions for Australia’s south and east. Nine of 
the ten driest winter-spring periods on record for Eastern Australia occurred in El Niño 
years, raising drought risk across key agricultural regions.  New Zealand is more exposed 
than Australia, in our view. 
Emerging EMEA: Kenya – Status quo until the elections 
Ruto remains the front-runner, but re-election is not assured. Article IV on track to be 
published in December; SLA before elections looks ambitious given Zambian precedent. 
Latin America: Mexico – IG at stake  
We met policymakers, analysts and investors: IG at risk in 2-3y absent faster growth or 
consolidation. Banxico is unlikely to follow the Fed: sub-4% inflation, slack and a strong 
peso keep it on hold. A US-Mexico deal outside USMCA could land before the US 
midterms, cutting tariffs in exchange for tighter restrictions. 
18 September 2026   
Economics 
Global 
Table of Contents 
Global Letter 
2 
US 
4 
Euro area 
8 
UK 
12 
Australia & New Zealand 
14 
Emerging EMEA 
16 
Latin America 
18 
Key forecasts 
20 
Detailed forecasts 
21 
Research Analysts 
27 
Claudio Irigoyen 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
+1 646 855 1734 
claudio.irigoyen@bofa.com 
Antonio Gabriel 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
+1 646 743 5373 
antonio.gabriel@bofa.com 
Global Economics Team 
BofAS 
See Team Page for List of Analysts 
 
Accessible version 


[Page 2]
 
 
2 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
 Global Letter  
 
Claudio Irigoyen 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
claudio.irigoyen@bofa.com 
Antonio Gabriel 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
antonio.gabriel@bofa.com 
 
Hiking season in full bloom 
As expected, the Fed hiked and communication was hawkish. Despite opposing forward 
guidance, Chair Warsh delivered on what he signaled at Jackson Hole, which we saw as 
an overcorrection for his July presser. Our view has been that rate hikes were necessary 
in the US, and Warsh stated many of the reasons that we have argued: loose financial 
conditions, strong growth, the capex boom, a solid labor market, and inflation that 
remains too high. 
We expect the Fed to deliver an additional 50bp of hikes in October and December. In 
turn, the market is already pricing the hiking cycle close to perfection, absent any further 
shocks, with about 75bp of additional hikes. This is a global theme: we see markets 
overpricing rate hikes, perhaps not as much for the Fed but more so for the ECB, the 
BoE, or the BoC. Rates are too sensitive to oil, with initial conditions that are all too 
different from the post-pandemic recovery. 
A hawkish hike after Jackson Hole 
Warsh delivered a hike that was at this point widely expected, after tying his hands 
somewhat at Jackson Hole and following a slew of solid US data. Economic activity and 
the labor market have both showed signs of firming since the July meeting, without 
material progress on inflation, and amid a more hostile geopolitical environment. 
There were interesting bits in the Fed’s communication. The statement and press 
conference were hawkish, reinforcing the price stability side of the mandate, and 
pointing to easy financial conditions in a decision to remove accommodation. The SEP 
was also hawkish, showing stronger growth, higher inflation, and a lower unemployment 
rate despite showing rate hikes. 
The market is pricing Fed hikes to perfection 
The market reaction was a clear bear flattening of the curve with rates selling off across 
all tenors. After the move, the markets are pricing around 100bp of hikes for the cycle. 
Even for us, who have long stressed the need for Fed hikes in the US, it is more than our 
75bp forecast for the cycle, which is among the most hawkish on the Street. There are 
risks of further hikes, but the bar for Warsh to out-hawk the market appears high now. 
Exhibit 1: There are upside risks to our central bank calls, especially outside the US, but we think 
markets are sooner or later going to adjust their expectations towards fewer hikes 
Additional policy rate hikes priced in by July 2027 vs BofA forecasts (bp) 
Source: BofA Global Research, Bloomberg  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
0
25
50
75
100
125
Fed
ECB
BoE
BoC
Market
BofA


[Page 3]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
3
 
 
After all, inflation is stuck above target, but not even close to the post-pandemic peak, 
and the overall economic background is much more balanced. The labor market is in 
balance rather than extremely tight, wage growth is more contained, a small negative 
fiscal impulse is expected for next year, and underlying inflation is below 3%. 
Keep your feet on the ground 
In our view, markets are overpricing rate hikes across much of G10. 100bp of hikes in 
the US is a risk scenario that could potentially happen, but market dislocations seem 
even larger in other markets. The US is characterized by remarkable resilience, less 
sensitivity to the energy shock, solid consumption growth, and the AI capex boom. There 
are possible paths leading to a larger hiking cycle, but our base case is for 75bp in total. 
In comparison, if we take the case of the Euro area, the UK, or Canada, market 
dislocations appear much larger. Europe is significantly more sensitive to the oil shock 
and has weaker fundamentals for growth. Second round effects in the UK appear limited 
so far. And Canada is facing heightened trade uncertainty with core inflation at target. 
Initial conditions still matter 
The ECB has delivered two hikes, and while they may deliver one more hike, this is far 
less than the market is currently pricing following the ECB meeting last week. We have 
lower conviction in our call for no more hikes, but still high conviction that the ECB will 
not deliver on market pricing, and that rate cuts will come back in 2027. Growth and 
demand pressures are just not there in the Euro area. 
Similarly, the BoE remained on hold this week. And while we see risks of a hike by the 
BoE rising, we think any tightening is unlikely to be the start of a prolonged hiking cycle. 
In contrast, the market is pricing almost 100bp of hikes despite limited passthrough to 
core so far, softer labor market backdrop, and restrictive rates. And it was pricing even 
more before the BoE held rates this week. 
In Canada, BoC communication surprised on the hawkish side focusing more on headline 
inflation. But with relatively weak growth, elevated trade uncertainty likely to weigh on 
investment, and core inflation still at target, is hard to envision the BoC hiking in tandem 
with or more than the Fed in face of the oil shock. 
Despite central banks not having the best track record on inflation since the pandemic, it 
is one thing to argue that neutral rates may have increased, but it is a different thing to 
argue for interest rates to go back close to the peaks of the cycle. Initial conditions still 
matter, and we think markets are sooner or later going to adjust their expectations. 
 
 


[Page 4]
 
 
4 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
US 
 
Aditya Bhave 
BofAS 
 
Kevin Warsh and the parable of the Chinese farmer 
• 
Fed hikes looked politically challenging a few months ago, but they increasingly 
seem like an opportunity for Chair Warsh to burnish his legacy. We stick to our call 
for two more, in Oct and Dec. 
• 
The robustness of the nominal economy both increases the risks of inflation 
persistence and reduces the risks that hikes will cause a recession. 
• 
However, if supply shocks prove persistent, the Fed might eventually have to choose 
between an extended inflation overshoot and a hard landing. 
Fluctuating fortunes 
The Parable of the Chinese farmer is the story of a farmer who faces a series of 
circumstances that seem either unlucky or fortuitous at first blush. Other villagers 
alternate between offering their commiserations and congratulating him. But he 
responds the same way each time: “We’ll see”. 
Why is this relevant? Kevin Warsh was nominated for Fed Chair in January despite being 
a rank underdog in the race just a few months prior. A stroke of good fortune, perhaps? 
Before his nomination, Warsh had called on the Fed to cut rates faster, to accommodate 
the expected AI productivity boom. Then the Iran conflict led to an energy shock. Warsh 
advocated for looking through the energy spike as a one-off, but we also got a series of 
elevated core PCE prints between his nomination and the time he took office. This took 
cuts off the table and the conversation quickly shifted to hikes. At the time, some clients 
argued that Warsh might regret having gotten the job given the political challenges of 
raising rates, particularly before the midterms. 
But after the September hike, we are sticking with our out-of-consensus call for two 
more 25bp increases in October and December, followed by an extended pause. Part of 
our reasoning is that the September hike is looking increasingly good for Warsh’s legacy 
so far. 
Exhibit 2: Underlying inflation is around 2.5%. Not terrible, but it’s 
stuck 
Core PCE, with “special factors” broken out (% y/y) 
Source: BofA Global Research, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Bureau of Labor Statistics 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 3: Hikes are most plausible if WTI averages $80-100 for an 
extended period 
Stylized representation of risks to the Fed’s dual mandate, as a function of 
WTI crude oil prices 
Source: BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
2.00%
2.25%
2.50%
2.75%
3.00%
3.25%
3.50%
Jan 25
Jul 25
Jan 26
Jul 26
Computer software and accessories
Portfolio management
Iran
Tariffs ex AI
"Underlying inflation"
60
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
140
150
Expected 2026 WTI crude oil average ($)
Risks to inflation
Risks to u-rate


[Page 5]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
5
 
 
For one, the rate hike alleviates concerns that Warsh is not politically independent. 
Additional increases would end that conversation for good. For another, by hiking at just 
his third meeting as Fed Chair, Warsh can absolve himself of the inflation problem, while 
also taking credit for any disinflation in coming months. We expect the BEA’s 
methodological revisions and the rolling off of tariff and Iran effects from y/y inflation 
to push the core PCE toward 2.5% by the middle of next year (Exhibit 2). None of this 
would be a function of rate hikes, but the optics would be favorable for Warsh because 
he took action and the previous regime did not. 
The irony is that the opportunity for these favorable optics only arose because core 
inflation rose very quickly at the start of the year and two factors beyond the Fed’s 
control sealed the deal for the September hike. First, oil prices ratcheted up significantly 
in the run-up to the meeting. And second, the Treasury’s buyback program backfired, 
contributing to the spike in yields that amplified concerns that the long end could de-
anchor if the Fed’s credibility was called into question. 
Will rate hikes work? 
But let’s not forget the lesson of the parable: “We’ll see”. The hikes will look better in 
hindsight if i) equities and long-end rates rally, ii) the economy holds up, and iii) inflation 
moves back to target. Let’s address these in turn. 
Markets like the hike so far 
Equities and bonds have responded well to a credible and independent Fed. If this 
continues, it will make hikes far easier for Warsh to sell in Washington. But markets 
might end up being driven much more by developments in the Middle East and the AI 
space than the Fed. With oil hovering around $100, we think slightly lower prices could 
actually make it easier for the Fed to hike (Exhibit 3). Another leg up would raise the risk 
of demand destruction, especially since fiscal stimulus is now behind us. 
Exhibit 4: The magic 5% line: core inflation tends to overshoot when 
nominal spending is above 5% 
Nominal consumer spending and core PCE inflation (% y/y) 
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 5: Ten year real yields have been rising, while breakevens 
remain contained 
10-year real yield and breakeven inflation (%) 
Source: Bloomberg. Note: This is daily data from Jan 01, 2026 through Sep 17, 2026  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
The Fed is not making a policy mistake 
That brings us to the economy. Dovish-leaning analysts have argued that the Fed is 
making a policy mistake by raising rates. We disagree. 
Why the Fed hiked into a supply shock? 
The first contention is that the Fed shouldn’t be hiking into a supply shock. When asked 
about this, Warsh said that the Fed’s job is to prevent the increase in commodity prices 
from broadening out.  
0%
2%
4%
6%
0%
5%
10%
15%
1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025
Nominal consumer spending
Core PCE inflation (RHS)
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
Jan 01
Feb 13
Mar 28
May 10
Jun 22
Aug 04
Sep 16
10 Yr Real Yield
10 Yr Breakeven


[Page 6]
 
 
6 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Here’s how we interpret that comment. The concern about hiking into a supply shock is 
that real growth might be already weakening, and the hikes would inflict even more pain 
on the economy. But the real economy has been stable of late, even as inflation has 
picked up. I.e., nominal growth has been booming. That’s what exacerbates the risk that 
the commodity shock could broaden out.  
From Warsh’s monetarist perspective, the growth rate of the nominal economy is a 
function of the velocity of money and the money supply. The response to robust nominal 
growth is to slow the velocity of money by hiking rates.  
Indeed, the data support the case for reining in nominal growth. Nominal spending is up 
6.3% y/y. History suggests core PCE tends to overshoot 2% when nominal spending is 
running above 5% (Exhibit 4). The late 90s tech productivity boom was an exception, and 
AI-driven productivity could deliver a similar outcome. But until there is clear evidence of 
disinflation due to AI, the Fed has little choice but to tighten policy. Especially given that 
i) today’s nominal spending numbers are even more impressive in the context of much 
slower population growth, and ii) globalization was also driving disinflation in the 90s, 
whereas now we are in a phase of inflationary deglobalization. 
The hike probably prevented long-end rates from de-anchoring 
A second argument we have heard against hikes is that, with long-end rates already 
above 5%, the Fed risks doing serious damage to the economy by hiking. Our response: 
the long end would likely have sold off meaningfully further on credibility concerns if the 
Fed hadn’t raised rates.  
Rising r* expectations should be met with hikes 
Third, some clients have asked us why the Fed should care about the spike in long-end 
yields (which we view as part of the reason for hiking). After all, breakeven inflation and 
term premia have remained contained, suggesting markets aren’t worried about Fed 
credibility (Exhibit 5).  
In our view, the increase in real yields suggests markets are pricing a higher path for real 
policy rates, consistent with expecting a structurally higher policy path I.e., a higher r*. 
We agree that this isn’t as worrying for the Fed as de-anchoring of inflation 
expectations would have been. But it doesn’t absolve policymakers from the need to 
raise rates either. If the Fed were to stay on hold in the face of a rising r*, it would 
implicitly be easing. That wouldn’t be a desirable outcome with the labor market at full 
employment and inflation overshooting the target. 
Warsh has a great opportunity to push underlying inflation back to target 
Finally, some analysts are of the view that the Fed didn’t need to hike because 
underlying inflation is already close to 2%, and the overshoot is almost entirely due to 
supply disruptions that will roll off the y/y rate in short order. Our view is that underlying 
inflation has been stuck around 2.5% for several quarters because policy isn’t tight 
enough to push it back to 2% (Exhibit 2).  
Moreover, we think the resilience of the economy changes the Fed’s risk/reward 
calculus. On the one hand, it presents Warsh with an opportunity to make a stronger 
push to get inflation all the way back to target, without risking a recession, than Powell’s 
Fed was willing or able to do. This seems to be a stroke of good fortune, and we think 
Warsh is doing the right thing by seizing the moment. On the other hand, robust nominal 
growth increases the risk that if the Fed doesn’t tighten, demand-driven inflation could 
pick up as the supply shocks fade. 
Will three hikes be enough to get inflation back to target? 
Our base case of a modest 75bp hiking cycle is premised on our view that i) the 
underlying inflation overshoot is also modest (50bp), and ii) supply disruptions should roll 
off the y/y rate in coming quarters. But the risk is that 75bp of hikes might not be 
enough. One concern is that wages might re-accelerate if the u-rate keeps falling. Given 


[Page 7]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
7
 
 
how well the economy is already performing, this could set off a substantial demand 
boom, which would call for even higher policy rates.  
A more pernicious scenario is that supply-driven inflation might remain stubbornly high. 
For example, there might be a lot more inflation in the pipeline due to the Iran conflict 
than we are accounting for in our base case.  
This would leave the Fed with a difficult choice: either accept a few more years of 
above-target inflation, or put more pressure on aggregate demand than has been needed 
to hit the target in the past, risking a recession. Either choice would tarnish Warsh’s 
legacy. We’ll see. 
 
 


[Page 8]
 
 
8 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Euro area 
 
Ruben Segura-Cayuela 
BofA Europe (Madrid) 
Evelyn Herrmann 
BofASE (France) 
Chiara Angeloni 
BofA Europe (Milan) 
 
Corporate health check: deteriorating 
• 
Our corporate health measure moved into “vulnerable” territory in 1Q26 and is likely 
to stay there in 2Q.  
• 
Financing conditions and activity were the swing factors, adding to weak profits, 
especially in Germany and France. 
• 
Profitability could have improved in 2Q, but that is focused on labour costs. Energy 
price constraints have yet to kick in.  
The corporate health version of backward looking when forward driving  
Our corporate health measure moved into “vulnerable” territory in 1Q26, when the data 
included only one month of the energy price shock. Tighter financing conditions, weaker 
activity and continuously weak profitability were the main drivers.  
Actual credit origination was still ok in 1Q26, but perhaps that represented lagged 
demand, or corporates drawing on credit lines amid inventory or working capital needs 
during the energy price shock. Rising funding costs could yet show in loan dynamics. 
National accounts-based profitability measures could provide some 2Q relief. But that 
metric focuses on labour costs. Energy costs kick in with a lag here. We doubt that 
energy costs will drive labour costs higher this time though (unlike the ECB) – 
profitability effects from energy are more likely via demand and output, in this measure.  
France is already under scrutiny, and our corporate health check doesn’t provide much 
relief. Vulnerability has been rising steadily. Disinflation (including in profits) with real 
activity resilience was the story until 2026. But this year, disinflation (in profits) seems 
to have paused, and activity is taking a toll.  
Corporate health back into vulnerability territory in 1Q26 
We update our usual Euro area non-financial corporate vulnerability indicator (Exhibit 6, 
and for our first analysis with more details on the measure, see our report Euro Area 
Viewpoint: Health check on the corporate sector 22 March 2024). The full dataset is 
currently available only for 1Q26, when our measure moved back into vulnerability 
territory. With only around one month of the 2026 energy shock in the data, the 
corporate sector is already in the least comfortable position since the 2022 energy 
shock (note that 1Q26 is the latest period for which the full dataset is available).  
To be clear, corporate health levels are currently uncomfortable rather than alarming. 
However, we caution that this backward-looking snapshot may not fully capture the 
current state of the corporate sector, given the tightening in financing conditions since 
the spring and still-elevated geopolitical uncertainty weighing on demand.  
We are particularly concerned about France and Germany, where corporate fundamentals 
were more vulnerable than those of their peers in 1Q26. Conditions deteriorated 
marginally in Italy in 1Q, while the aggregate indicator for Spain remained stable at the 
start of the year (Exhibit 7). Our country-comparison is imperfect: we compare corporate 
vulnerability vs 2000-19 averages, including the Euro area sovereign crisis when 
conditions were particularly harsh in Italy and Spain, and particularly benign in Germany.  
Yet, a comparison to the 2018-19 period leads to the same observation: French 
corporate vulnerability is still below its peak in 2012/13, but on a steadily deteriorating 


[Page 9]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
9
 
 
trend. In Germany, the leap from quasi permanently favourable to more persistently 
vulnerable territory is noteworthy, too.  
Exhibit 6: Our composite indicator has stabilised away from 
comfortable levels 
Euro area non-financial corporates’ vulnerability measure 
Source: Eurostat, ECB, Bloomberg, BofA Global Research. Note: We build a vulnerability measure 
along five dimensions: debt-service capacity (interest coverage ratio, corporate savings over 
operating surplus, revenue generation), leverage (debt-to-equity, net debt-to-EBIT and gross debt-
to-income ratios), activity (growth in gross value added), profitability (operating-surplus-to-value-
added ratio), and financing/rollover (overall cost of debt financing and credit impulse). The series 
are standardised in the period 2000-19. Sub-components are computed as the arithmetic average 
of the respective underlying z-scores of the individual series. Headline composite vulnerability is 
obtained by equally weighting the composite z-scores of the five sub-categories. Recall that 
negative values of the index indicate lower vulnerability relative to the long-term average, while 
positive values suggest the opposite. 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 7: The corporate base in France and Germany remains 
particularly vulnerable 
Non-financial corporates’ vulnerability measure for the main Euro area 
countries 
Source: Eurostat, ECB, Bloomberg, BofA Global Research. Note: We build a vulnerability measure 
along five dimensions: debt-service capacity (interest coverage ratio, corporate savings over 
operating surplus, revenue generation), leverage (debt-to-equity, net debt-to-EBIT and gross debt-
to-income ratios), activity (growth in gross value added), profitability (operating-surplus-to-value-
added ratio), and financing/rollover (overall cost of debt financing and credit impulse). The series 
are standardised in the period 2000-19. Sub-components are computed as the arithmetic average 
of the respective underlying z-scores of the individual series. Headline composite vulnerability is 
obtained by equally weighting the composite z-scores of the five sub-categories. Positive/negative 
values indicate higher/lower vulnerabilities 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Activity levels and financial conditions have changed most into 2026 
Financing/rollover conditions, and activity levels have changed the most in 1Q26, adding 
to more permanent discomfort from weak profitability. In Exhibit 8, we show the 
changes in these two components across countries, and take a first stab at the potential 
direction in 2Q26.  
Across countries, weaker growth in non-financial corporate gross value added (GVA) 
contributed to tighter corporate conditions, with Spain the notable exception. The partial 
information available for 2Q26, using aggregate GVA as a proxy for non-financial 
corporate GVA, suggests that activity may improve modestly in 2Q, at least for the Euro 
area and Spain, but not for Germany, Italy or France. We struggle to see activity 
sustainably reducing vulnerability in 2H26, as we expect a slightly weaker sequential 
growth profile from 3Q26 onwards (see report: Euro Area Viewpoint: Back to school – 
September 2026 edition 01 September 2026).  
Zooming in on financing conditions: worried about prices, not (yet) quantities 
Given the ECB's tightening cycle since June, a closer look at the financing and rollover 
component is a must. Our headline financing/rollover indicator for the Euro area may 
actually have improved marginally in 2Q26 (Exhibit 3), but this masks diverging dynamics 
across its underlying components. Recall that the indicator captures both the cost of 
financing for non-financial corporates (combining bank lending rates and corporate bond 
market rates) and the credit impulse, which measures new credit origination. 
The evolution of these two components was markedly different in 2Q26. On the one 
hand, non-financial corporates’ financing costs continued to tighten (Exhibit 9). This 
reflected both the ongoing repricing of corporate loans and a stronger risk-premium 
component, as banks perceived higher corporate credit risk against a very uncertain 
macro backdrop. On the other hand, credit origination picked up meaningfully in 2Q26 
after moving broadly sideways since early 2025 – to around an average €28bn a month 
in 2Q26, compared with roughly €15bn in 1Q26 (Exhibit 10).  
-2.0
-1.0
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
07
09
11
13
15
17
19
21
23
25
Debt service capacity
Leverage/indebtedness
Financing/rollover
Profitability
-3
-2
-1
0
1
2
3
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
202
DE
FR
IT
ES


[Page 10]
 
 
10 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Exhibit 8: Activity indicators are now a vulnerability-enhancing factor 
Contribution of activity and financing/rollover indicators to headline 
vulnerability index in 1Q25 vs 2Q26.  
Source: Eurostat, ECB, Bloomberg, BofA Global Research. Note: activity (growth in gross value 
added) and financing/rollover (overall cost of debt financing and credit impulse). The series are 
standardised in the period 2000-19. 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 9: Non-financial corporates’ financing costs continue to tighten 
Composite cost of debt (weighted average of MFI rates on outstanding loans 
to NFCs and corporate debt) 
Source: ECB, Bloomberg, BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
Exhibit 10: Credit origination towards non-financial corporates picked 
up meaningfully in 2Q26 
Euro area loan transactions towards NFCs (3m average % GDP) 
Source: ECB, Eurostat, BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 11: A slightly wider financing gap in 2Q26 masks a sharp 
divergence between large firms and SMEs 
Change in perceived financing needs and availability (Q2 2026 vs Q1 2026) 
and financing gap in Q2 2026 
Source: ECB SAFE, BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
That said, we would treat this improvement with caution. Credit dynamics can be highly 
volatile during periods of adverse shocks and heightened uncertainty, as firms often 
draw on credit lines to finance inventories and working capital needs. This interpretation 
is broadly consistent with evidence from the latest Bank Lending Survey (BLS), in which 
banks reported somewhat stronger loan demand driven primarily by inventories and 
working capital financing. As a result, this type of credit growth could reverse relatively 
quickly once uncertainty begins to ease.  
We flag that the new ECB-BIG credit conditions index1 also supports our concern that 
the credit deterioration being driven primarily by prices rather than quantities. The index 
 
1 A. Allayioti, P. Di Casola and G. Magistretti (2026), “The ECB-BIG index: tracking credit conditions in the euro area”, ECB 
-0.2
-0.1
0
0.1
0.2
0.3
4Q251Q262Q264Q251Q264Q251Q264Q251Q264Q251Q26
EA
DE
FR
IT
ES
Financing/rollover
Activity
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
2015
2017
2019
2021
2023
2025
EA
DE
FR
IT
ES
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Loans to NFC, transactions-
3m ma (%GDP)
-4
0
4
8
All firms
Large firms
SMEs
Financing availability - delta 2Q26 vs 1Q26
Finacing needs - delta 2Q26 vs 1Q26
Financing Gap in 2Q26


[Page 11]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
11
 
 
points to a renewed tightening in corporate financing conditions since the start of the 
Iran conflict, with the worsening largely concentrated in price-related components, 
notably lending rates. In other words, the main challenge for corporates currently 
appears to be the rising cost of credit rather than an outright lack of access to financing. 
That said, SAFE survey evidence suggests that this pattern may not persist indefinitely. 
While firms on aggregate reported broadly unchanged availability of bank loans in 2Q26, 
the picture was markedly weaker for SMEs which continued to report a deterioration in 
credit availability and a widening financing gap (Exhibit 11). By contrast, large firms 
reported an improvement in access to bank credit. This divergence is important because 
tighter pricing conditions often translate into quantity restrictions with a lag, particularly 
for smaller and more bank-dependent firms. The deterioration in SMEs' perceptions of 
credit availability therefore suggests that the transmission of tighter financing 
conditions may already be underway, even if aggregate credit origination has remained 
relatively resilient so far. Put differently, the impact of recent tightening has so far been 
most visible through the price channel, but “quantity effects” may increasingly emerge 
in coming quarters through impaired access to credit, especially for SMEs. As a result, 
credit availability could become a more meaningful headwind for corporate health. 
Can profitability come to the rescue? 
Optimists would now flag that national account-implied profitability (value added minus 
compensation of employees per unit of output) has improved in 1H26, perhaps pointing 
to an underlying improvement. That could matter for the ECB, because profit inflation 
(or rather disinflation lately) is part of a “holistic” inflation view. We tend to focus on 
“unit profits” as a component of the GDP deflator, or as value added minus 
compensation of employees in manufacturing and non-public non-financial services.  
True, unit profits in the economy have improved in 2Q on a % qoq comparison. Our 
proxy for non-financial corporates (using quarterly value added and compensation of 
employees data across NACE sectors) points to growing unit profits.  
We doubt this is inflationary pressure rebuilding via the profit channel at this stage. 
First, the data tends to be volatile and one quarter is insufficient to establish a trend. 
Two potential factors spring to mind: first, this national accounts definition mainly 
measures profitability relative to labour costs. Energy prices play only a very limited and 
indirect role. As a consequence, increased profitability at the very start of the energy 
shock may reflect the differential between aggregate prices and sticky wage growth, 
rather than a more underlying improvement. Profits could still compress meaningfully if 
corporates are unable to pass on the energy bill to end consumers. 
Second, much of the Euro area improvement in national accounts-implied profitability 
seems to be driven by German manufacturing improvement and French stabilisation.  
Increased German manufacturing profitability in late 2025 may have been a genuine 
improvement helped by job shedding and hence lower labour costs. In 2Q26, the 
temporary surge in certain manufacturing activity (pharma and industry) may have 
helped, but as we have flagged repeatedly, that seems to be a temporary phenomenon 
and was already starting to correct lower in July data. 
In France, we would remain cautious. Disinflation has been significant over the past 
couple of years, across consumer prices, wage growth and corporate profits, while real 
economic activity proved unexpectedly resilient. In 2026, however, the picture started to 
change: corporate profit measures has shown signs of stabilisation, but real economic 
activity has weakening steadily, often by even more than expected. 
 
 
Economic Bulletin, Issue 5/2026. 


[Page 12]
 
 
12 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
UK 
 
Sonali Punhani 
MLI (UK) 
 
BoE review: Hawkish hold, increasingly nervous 
• 
BoE on hold with 6-3 vote as expected. Decisive hawkish shift compared to July, in 
light of recent energy price moves.  
• 
The BoE looks closer to moving towards tightening, if the recent rise in energy 
prices is sustained and barring big downside data surprises.  
• 
We keep our BoE call of unchanged rates this year under review. Recent energy 
moves, if they persist, could make a hike in Nov. our base case. But we do view 
market pricing of close to four hikes as excessive.  
Hawkish hold  
The Bank of England (BoE) kept the Bank Rate unchanged at 3.75% with a 6-3 vote as 
expected. It highlighted little evidence of material second round effects so far, along 
with soft labour market conditions and tightening in financial conditions weighing on 
inflation. 
But there was a decisive hawkish shift compared to July, as we expected, in light of 
recent energy price moves. We interpret today’s decision as signalling that the BoE looks 
closer to moving towards tightening if the recent rise in energy prices is sustained and 
barring big downside data surprises. Overall, the BoE is getting increasingly nervous 
about sitting out this shock entirely.  
Rising upside inflation and second round effects risks  
The BoE noted that risks to inflation were titled further to the upside compared with July 
and there is possibility of a less stark trade- off between growth and inflation.  
The MPC judged the shock as looking protracted with most members placing more 
weight on energy prices staying higher for longer in the absence of a lasting de-
escalation. Near term energy prices are close to the BoE’s adverse scenario, though less 
persistent. While the BoE has seen little evidence so far of material second round 
effects, it noted that risks of material second round effects have increased since July 
and it was possible that indirect effects from energy on inflation had just been delayed 
rather than diminished. There was also increasing mention of risks of inflation exceeding 
thresholds where attentiveness to inflation has typically increased, especially in the run 
up to 2027 wage setting round (which previous comments from BoE has suggested is 
close to 4%).  
More importantly the BoE highlighted that “Given the lags with which second-round 
effects appeared, it was not appropriate to wait too long for evidence of such effects 
before responding with policy”. At the same time, the MPC raised its near-term inflation 
forecasts to 3.75% in 2026 Q4 and slightly above 4% in 2027 Q1 based on energy 
futures as of 14 Sept. 
It also noted that activity has been slightly stronger than expected and that there are 
signs of stabilization in slack, implying the possibility of a less stark trade-off between 
growth and inflation.  
Lombardelli, Bailey, Ramsden look closer to a hike  
The paragraphs of swing voters moved more hawkish and they look closer to a hike. 
Bailey gave a signal that if the conflict persists and the risk of second-round effects 
emerging increases, it is likely that policy may have to tighten. He noted that with risks 
to energy and food more to the upside, second round effects could materialize more 
strongly, even though they haven’t so far.  


[Page 13]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
13
 
 
Lombardelli noted that “the case for a hike is building, the longer the conflict lasts.” 
Ramsden said “if upside pressures continue to build there could be a case for increasing 
bank rate”. Breeden noted that “if risks to the outlook for second-round effects 
crystallise, it becomes increasingly appropriate for Bank Rate to respond.”  
Dhingra and Taylor seemed less concerned about risks of second round effects growing 
and seemed further away from hiking relative to the others.  
But the MPC signalled that market pricing could be excessive 
At the same time the MPC also implicitly pushed back slightly on the excessive market 
pricing of close to four hikes. While the minutes acknowledged that market participants' 
mean Bank Rate expectations have moved up in the near term, it noted that the upward 
slope in the market curve, to a greater extent, reflected risk premia. Bailey also 
highlighted that they didn’t discuss the prospect of raising rates four times.  
Hike as soon as Nov. is looking increasingly likely  
Our view is that the BoE’s guidance today signals that an insurance hike as soon as 
November could be warranted, if recent moves in energy prices persist until then and 
barring big downside data surprises. Our call is for no hikes this year, but recent energy 
moves if they persist could make a hike in November our base case.  
We are working through our energy price assumptions and keep our call of unchanged 
rates this year under review. We will fine tune our forecasts and BoE call in the next few 
days to incorporate our commodities team upside revision to gas forecasts and recent 
oil moves (which are higher than levels included in our last forecast update and looking 
increasingly likely to stay there). This could imply a bit less growth, more inflation and 
BoE increasingly looking less likely to hold out on hiking in this energy shock.  
But we view market pricing as hawkish 
But we would view any tightening as insurance/risk management, rather than driven by 
materially broadening price pressures. Any tightening is unlikely to be the start of a 
prolonged hiking cycle. So we do view market pricing of close to four hikes as excessive. 
We don’t think that we are in the adverse scenario of the BoE yet because that scenario 
assumes much greater persistence in energy prices in future years and materially higher 
second round effects (peak of 1pp). We don’t expect second round effects to be as 
material or price rises to be significantly broad-based, given the limited evidence so far, 
a soft labour market backdrop and restrictive rates. Even Huw Pill (who has voted for a 
hike since April) has noted that the BoE could lift rates without kickstarting a prolonged 
and aggressive series of increases. So we don’t think rates will reach the peak of 4.75% 
(unless things materially worsen), which the optimal policy path under the adverse 
scenario points to and which markets are pricing.  
QT decision adds more predictability to the QT process 
The MPC published a multi-year plan for its QT decision. It decided to reduce the stock 
of UK gilts held for monetary policy purposes to zero through a multi-year plan, such 
that the remaining stock is unwound at an annual average pace of £46bn by Sept. 2034, 
through annual sales of £20bn alongside maturing gilts. They have also set a high hurdle 
to future changes to the unwind path (such as severe gilt market stress or if Bank Rate 
is insufficient to meet the inflation target). Overall, the BoE has doubled down on 
making QT operate in the background, rather than an active policy tool. At the same 
time, pausing of active sales for potentially the next six months and selling bonds 
directly to the government were taken as a positive signal for the gilt market ahead of 
the Autumn Budget. 
 
 


[Page 14]
 
 
14 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Australia & New Zealand 
 
Nick Stenner, CFA 
Merrill Lynch (Australia) 
Johnny Liu, CFA 
Merrill Lynch (Australia) 
 
Weathering El Niño 
See full report: Australia & New Zealand: Weathering El Niño. 
Super El Niño is likely emerging 
Current weather conditions suggest this El Niño could rank among the strongest on 
record. Pacific Ocean temperatures are already around 1.4°C above long-term averages, 
suggesting this may be among the most significant El Niño occurrences observed in 
recent decades. While no two El Niño events are the same, El Niño often means hotter 
and drier conditions for Australia’s south and east, and can increase the risk of 
heatwaves, drought and bushfires. 
We do not find a material impact on headline inflation  
We measure the impact of El Niño on macroeconomic variables with the Vector 
Autoregression framework also used in Global Economic Viewpoint: El Niño risks are 
building. Our results indicate that El Niño may lower GDP, and while there may be some 
modest headline disinflationary pressure, we do not find any statistically significant 
effect on inflation overall. This likely reflects the fact that the GDP drag is concentrated 
in agriculture and trade-exposed sectors, while other parts of the economy provide an 
offsetting boost, such as construction which benefits from drier conditions. 
Australia: Warming waters hurts growth 
The arrival of a strong El Niño adds another inflation risk for Australia. Hotter and drier 
weather conditions increase the probability of drought across key agricultural regions, 
potentially reducing crop yields and lifting food prices at a time when inflation remains 
persistently above the RBA’s target band (Exhibit 12). The timing of El Niño occurs amid 
already elevated inflation and wage pressures. In our BofA Australia Consumer Survey, 
most businesses report passing higher fuel costs through to consumers, suggesting 
demand remains sufficiently resilient for firms to maintain pricing power (Exhibit 13). 
Exhibit 12: Food price momentum has picked up 
6m annualized CPI (per annum, %) 
Source: ABS  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 13: Inflation pass-through is here to stay 
To what extent have recent increases in fuel prices led you to raise prices for 
other goods or services? (Business owners) 
Source: BofA Global Research, SurveyMonkey 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
Negative impact on growth, headline inflation impact is uncertain… 
Our results indicate that El Niño may lower GDP, and while there may be some headline 
disinflationary pressures, we do not find any statistically significant effect on inflation. 
Our results are similar to a study in 20142 which found that El Niño has a negative 
 
2 Fair Weather or Foul? The Macroeconomic Effects of El Niño (2015) 
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
Food and non-alcoholic beverages
Long term avg
0%
10%
20%
30%
Not at all
To a small
extent
To a moderate
extent
To a large
extent
Aug-26


[Page 15]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
15
 
 
impact on economic growth, with real GDP growth declining by approximately 0.8% over 
a one-year horizon. 
… but food inflation is expected to persist 
We find no material impact on headline inflation, but signs indicate food price 
momentum picks up 6 months after the first signs of an El Niño year (ONI>+0.5). El Niño 
pushing food prices higher can add an inflationary tail risk to an already sensitive 
inflation environment. Production in agricultural products such as wheat depends on 
rainfall conditions. The El Niño event introduces significant downside risk to production, 
as the event may result in drier-than average conditions across major wheat-producing 
areas in Eastern Australia. 
New Zealand: More exposed to El Niño 
The impact on New Zealand is likely to be stronger than the rest of the G10 countries, 
given New Zealand’s economic growth being more reliant on its dairy and meat 
production. The agriculture sector is the most exposed to El Niño, with a heterogenous 
impact on weather conditions between the east and west coast. Droughts occur in the 
eastern region, while floods can occur on the west coast.  
Why This El Niño Matters for New Zealand 
New Zealand’s location and economic structure means that the likely impact differs to 
Australia. There tends to be a strong regional divide, where the east tends to be drier, 
with a greater risk of drought, but the west coast experiences significant rainfall and a 
higher probability of flooding risk.  
Unlike Australia, New Zealand receives a much more geographically mixed outcome. El 
Niño affects New Zealand more through changes in wind patterns. Milk production can 
be affected by El Niño due to reduced pasture growth and lower milk production (Exhibit 
14). New Zealand's economy is the most agriculture-exposed among G10 nations, 
meaning ENSO shocks are transmitted primarily through the growth channel, via dairy 
production and export earnings. Past severe droughts have impacted economic growth 
negatively (Exhibit 15). 
Exhibit 14: El Niño indicates a partial reduction in milksolids production 
SOI (y axis, positive = La Nina, negative = El Niño) v milksolids production (x 
axis, y/y%) 
Source: The Bureau of Meteorology, Dairy Companies Association of New Zealand 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 15: New Zealand is the most exposed to agriculture in G10 
Agricultural, foresty and fishing, value-added (% of GDP) 
Source: World Bank, Haver Analytics  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
 
-40
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
-40%
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
0
1
2
3
4
5
Agriculture, forestry and fishing, value added (% of GDP, left)


[Page 16]
 
 
16 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Emerging EMEA 
 
Jean-Michel Saliba 
MLI (UK) 
 
Kenya: Status quo until the elections 
Complete report: Kenya Viewpoint: Status quo until the elections; move to MW, 16 
September 2026 
The opposition remains fragmented 
President Ruto retains an advantage in the polls, although the race remains highly fluid. 
The 2022 election was essentially a contest between William Ruto's Kenya Kwanza 
coalition and Raila Odinga's Azimio coalition, with Ruto narrowly prevailing.  
Following the formation of the Broad-Based Government and then Raila Odinga's death 
in 2025, the opposition has become increasingly divided between factions supportive of 
cooperation with the government and those seeking to re-establish the party as the core 
of the opposition. This fragmentation has complicated efforts to build a unified anti-
Ruto coalition and may ultimately prove as important as the president's own popularity 
rating. 
Recent Trends and Insights for Africa (TIFA) polling suggests that no opposition figure 
has yet emerged as a clear standard-bearer. President Ruto leads with 24% support, 
followed by Edwin Sifuna at 15%, Fred Matiang'i at 14%, Kalonzo Musyoka at 13% and 
Rigathi Gachagua at 7%. Approximately a fifth of voters remain undecided.  
The most notable development is the rapid rise of Sifuna, whose support has increased 
from effectively 0% in November 2025 to 15% in the latest survey, reflecting growing 
demand for an anti-government candidate. Gachagua, the former deputy president who 
was impeached before launching his opposition movement, is widely viewed as more 
likely to play the role of kingmaker or running mate than lead a nationally competitive 
ticket.  
Personalities prevail over policies so far 
Most major contenders have yet to publish detailed manifestos, making it premature to 
classify candidates as market-friendly or unfriendly. As a result, meaningful comparisons 
on fiscal consolidation, taxation, subsidies, privatisation, infrastructure spending and 
domestic borrowing remain difficult. 
The election debate remains overwhelmingly focused on personalities, coalitions and 
electoral arithmetic rather than economic programmes. Despite extensive engagement 
with political stakeholders and analysts, discussions continue to centre on which 
candidates can win, which alliances may emerge and how opposition forces might 
consolidate.  
Party leaders appear primarily focused on identifying candidates with the highest 
probability of winning their constituencies in the general election, with ideology often 
taking a backseat to electoral viability, local influence and coalition-building 
considerations. 
Coalitions and running mates: more clarity after May 8 
Political parties must submit their nomination rules to the IEBC by 6 November 2026 
and public officers intending to contest elections must resign by 10 February 2027. 
Candidate lists for party primaries are due by 16 March, while parties must complete 
primaries and resolve internal disputes by 8 May. Presidential candidates must 
demonstrate eligibility by 24 May, with official candidate registration taking place 
between 29 May and 11 June. The formal campaign period then runs from 29 May to 7 
August ahead of the 10 August election.  


[Page 17]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
17
 
 
Debt sustainability rests on fiscal reforms 
The World Bank assessed Kenya’s debt as sustainable only if the government 
implements the assumed reforms contained in the DPO. It views overall public and 
external debt as at high risk of debt distress and describes sustainability as contingent 
on a) increasing tax compliance and broadening tax base, b) cutting tax expenditures, c) 
implementing governance reforms. Its baseline assumes a cumulative 3.7pp of GDP 
improvement in the primary balance between 2027 and 2029. 
Focus on increasing tax compliance, not raising rates 
The authorities expect additional receipts from income tax, VAT, excise duties, digital 
transactions, land and property taxation to generate an additional 0.5% of GDP in 
additional revenues and fiscal savings. The authorities reiterated that their strategy 
focuses on broadening the tax base and increasing compliance rather than raising rates.  
Tax administration measures are expected to deliver around 0.4% of GDP. Compliance 
measures include targeting personal income tax, VAT and customs duties, supported by 
stronger enforcement and enhanced taxpayer monitoring.  
Removal of subsidies: welcome but politically feasible? 
The World Bank fiscal consolidation forecasts are driven by current transfers falling from 
3.6% of GDP in 2026 to 3.0% in 2029. Savings would most likely come from removal of 
energy subsidies, with agricultural subsidies (incl. fertilizers programme) likely to be 
maintained.  
VAT relief on fuel from 16% to 8% contains inflation but weakens the fiscal position. 
The measure limits the impact of higher international oil prices on fuel, transport and 
food prices by transferring part of the cost to the government. A prolonged oil shock 
would make this trade-off harder. Annualizing the measures implemented between 28 
February and 22 May would imply a fiscal cost of approximately KES118bn (US$911m; 
0.62% of GDP). During this period, the reduction in VAT on petroleum products from 
16% to 8% resulted in KES14.4bn in forgone revenue, while the government spent a 
further KES12.45bn on fuel price stabilization measures. Agricultural subsidies, and 
specifically fertilizer support (KES18bn for 2026/2027) are unlikely to be removed even 
after elections.  
Securitization: off-budget but in-DSA 
Large capital expenditures have been funded outside the government’s balance sheet 
through securitizations. Since early 2025, Kenya has securitized future revenue streams 
from the Road Maintenance Levy Fund, the Sports, Arts and Social Development Fund, 
and the Tourism Fund, raising approximately KES383bn (around 2.2% of GDP).  
Roads are financed off the fuel levy, raised to KES25 per litre of petrol and diesel in July 
2024 from KES18, of which the Treasury securitised KES7 to support borrowing.  
Railways are financed off the Railway Development Levy, a cargo charge now ring-
fenced in a dedicated fund and available for securitisation to build and rehabilitate rail, 
including the SGR. The March 2026 amendment widened the railway levy beyond SGR 
construction and operation to railway transport infrastructure more broadly, covering 
rehabilitation, safety and economic regulation.  
Securitized liabilities enter the DSA, alongside their revenue-generating assets 
Despite the initial misalignment, the authorities have agreed to include the debt in the 
DSA perimeter as long as the associated project revenues are also added to the general 
government revenues.  
The IMF and the authorities initially disagreed on the accounting. The IMF considered 
the securitization as debt whereas the authorities argued that the lenders to securitized 
projects had no recourse on the government, which implies the debt should not be 
included in the perimeter.  
 


[Page 18]
 
 
18 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Latin America 
 
Carlos Capistran 
BofAS 
 
Mexico – IG at stake (trip notes) 
We recently spent two days in Mexico City, meeting with policymakers at Banxico, the 
Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Economy, as well as local experts on trade and on 
the political outlook.  
Complete report: Emerging Insight: Mexico – IG at stake (trip notes), 17 September 
2026 
The meetings pointed to a resilient macro-financial backdrop. However, the more 
cautious message was that low growth and limited fiscal space leave little room for 
policy mistakes. There appears to be broad agreement on the problems, but less 
consensus on the urgency or political feasibility of addressing them. Trade integration 
with the USA remains Mexico's strongest structural advantage, while fiscal policy, 
energy and domestic investment are the main constraints. 
Chart of the day: Mexico’s headline inflation is now close to the 3% target 
Bi-weekly CPI (% yoy) (2010-2026) 
Source: BofA Global Research, INEGI  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Growth: services resilient, productivity lagging 
Economic activity appears stronger in services than in industrial sectors, but aggregate 
growth remains low. Electronics exports are performing well, yet the domestic value 
added and productivity gains associated with this activity appear limited (see our report, 
Mexico - AI hardware exports offset weak auto, but growth spillovers are limited, 27 July 
2026). Higher labor costs have not been matched by equivalent productivity 
improvements, reducing some of Mexico's cost advantage. Firms remain concerned 
about tariffs, electricity availability, regulatory uncertainty and tax enforcement. Without 
stronger investment and productivity growth, the economy may remain in a low-growth 
equilibrium of approximately 1-2.0%. We continue to expect growth at 1.4% for 2026 
and 1.6% for 2027. 
Relations with the private sector appear better than under the previous administration, 
and officials are promoting mixed public-private investment structures. Businesses have 
also adapted to the political environment and found ways to proceed despite regulatory 
and institutional uncertainty. However, concerns persist about aggressive tax 
enforcement, concentration of power, reduced judicial protection and inconsistent policy 
signals. Electricity availability is an increasingly important constraint, particularly for 
data centers and energy-intensive manufacturing. Improved dialogue is positive, but 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Jan-10
May-11
Oct-12
Feb-14
Jul-15
Dec-16
Apr-18
Sep-19
Jan-21
Jun-22
Nov-23
Mar-25
Aug-26
Headline
Core
Bi-weekly CPI, %yoy


[Page 19]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
19
 
 
investors are likely to remain selective until policy announcements translate into 
projects, permits and dependable operating conditions. 
USMCA: constructive engagement, but recurring 
uncertainty 
The government appears confident that Mexico will preserve preferential access to the 
US market, although negotiations include both technical and political components. 
Mexico has adopted a gradual and cooperative approach, with increasing alignment 
between US and Mexican tariff policies and a stronger focus on replacing selected 
Chinese inputs. The discussions suggest that an interim arrangement is more likely than 
a long extension that removes uncertainty for investors. More frequent reviews could 
support continuous engagement, but they may also discourage projects with long 
payback periods. Mexico's strategy is to turn US concerns about China into an 
opportunity for regional manufacturing, but success will depend on electricity, 
infrastructure and regulatory capacity. 
A US-Mexico trade deal, potentially similar to the one the USA offered Canada, could be 
announced before the US midterm elections. This could reduce the US tariffs on 
Mexican autos (but maybe not light trucks), steel and aluminum. But in exchange the 
USA may ask for Mexico’s help increasing tariffs to other countries and restricting 
investment from other countries as well. The deal would be on a separate track than the 
USMCA, which will likely remain in the current situation of annual reviews and set to 
expire in 2036 unless extended by the three countries, which we see as unlikely. The 
latter will keep trade uncertainty high, limiting investment. 
Fiscal consolidation: credible intent, narrow room for 
execution 
The proposed fiscal path in the 2025 budget emphasizes gradual consolidation after a 
period of elevated deficits and infrastructure spending (see our report, Mexico's 2027 
budget: unlikely to stop the IG clock, 9 September 2026). The authorities prefer a slower 
adjustment that they regard as achievable, supported by stronger expected revenue 
collection, limits on deductions and measures against fraudulent invoices. This approach 
avoids an immediate increase in headline tax rates and seeks to preserve public 
investment, social programs and subsidies. However, spending rigidity, high interest 
costs and limited fiscal buffers leave little room to absorb weaker growth or revenue 
shortfalls. Maintaining investment grade is a clear policy priority, but credibility will 
depend on meeting annual targets rather than relying on favorable assumptions or 
financial structures. 
Revenue measures help, but do not replace broader reform 
The near-term revenue strategy centers on improving compliance and increasing the tax 
base rather than increasing major tax rates. Officials expect measures targeting 
questionable deductions and invoice fraud to produce permanent revenue gains, while 
investment incentives and lower withholding taxes are intended to support formalization 
and capital-market development. However, these measures may not fully address the 
medium-term pressure from pensions, health benefits, interest costs and state-owned 
enterprises. A broader fiscal reform is therefore likely to remain necessary, even if 
political constraints delay it until after the midterm elections. 
For Pemex, financial support buys time, not a durable solution 
Pemex remains the central fiscal risk and an important test of the government's 
willingness to make difficult choices. The government expects near-term support to 
decline after substantial assistance with amortizations, while liability-management 
operations and mixed-investment structures should help address financing needs. 
Officials also expect refinery performance and operating indicators to improve, but 
questions remain about costs, supplier liabilities and the company's ability to generate a 
sustainable surplus. 
 


[Page 20]
 
 
20 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Key forecasts 
Exhibit 16: Economic forecasts 
GDP growth, inflation and policy rate forecasts for the major economies 
 
2Q26 
3Q26 
4Q26 
1Q27 
2Q27 
3Q27 
4Q27 
2025 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
Global and Regional Aggregates, % 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
United States 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Real GDP growth 1 
1.6 
2.4 
2.3 
2.2 
2.2 
2.1 
2.0 
2.1 
2.1 
2.2 
1.9 
CPI inflation 
3.8 
3.4 
3.5 
2.7 
2.6 
2.3 
2.5 
2.7 
3.3 
2.5 
2.3 
Policy Rate (EoP) 
3.63 
3.88 
4.38 
4.38 
4.38 
4.38 
4.38 
3.63 
4.38 
4.38 
4.38 
Euro area 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Real GDP growth 1 
1.8 
1.1 
1.0 
1.0 
1.1 
1.1 
1.1 
1.3 
0.8 
1.1 
1.1 
CPI inflation 
3.0 
3.3 
3.4 
3.2 
2.5 
1.8 
1.4 
2.1 
2.9 
2.2 
1.8 
Policy Rate (EoP) 
2.25 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.25 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
China 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Real GDP growth 2 
4.5 
4.3 
4.3 
4.1 
4.2 
4.2 
4.1 
5.0 
4.5 
4.2 
4.0 
CPI inflation 3 
1.1 
0.5 
0.6 
0.6 
0.2 
0.9 
0.4 
0.0 
0.8 
0.5 
0.0 
Policy Rate (EoP) 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
Japan 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Real GDP growth 1 
1.4 
0.1 
0.3 
1.1 
1.2 
0.7 
0.6 
1.2 
0.8 
0.8 
0.7 
CPI inflation 
1.5 
2.0 
2.6 
3.3 
1.6 
1.4 
0.6 
3.2 
1.9 
1.7 
1.7 
Policy Rate (EoP) 
1.00 
1.25 
1.50 
1.75 
1.75 
2.00 
2.00 
0.75 
1.50 
2.00 
2.00 
Global Aggregate 4 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Real GDP growth 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
3.5 
3.3 
3.4 
3.3 
CPI inflation 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2.5 
3.0 
2.6 
2.2 
Policy Rate (EoP) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
3.74 
3.95 
3.79 
3.63 
Emerging Markets Aggregate 4 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Real GDP growth 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
4.7 
4.6 
4.5 
4.4 
Real GDP growth (ex-China) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
4.6 
4.6 
4.8 
4.6 
CPI inflation 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2.6 
3.0 
2.3 
2.0 
Policy Rate (EoP) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
4.42 
4.37 
4.19 
4.02 
Notes: 1. Quarterly values are % q/q annualized | 2. Quarterly values are % y/y. | 3. Quarterly values are period averages. | 4. Due to reporting limitations, Global and EM aggregate are annual only.  
Source: BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
Exhibit 17: Markets forecasts  
Forecasts for FX, interest rates, commodities and equities 
 
spot 
3Q26 
4Q26 
1Q27 
2Q27 
3Q27 
4Q27 
4Q28 
Exchange Rates (EoP) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
EUR/USD 
1.15 
1.12 
1.15 
1.17 
1.19 
1.20 
1.20 
1.22 
USD/JPY 
156 
153.00 
149.00 
149.00 
148.00 
146.00 
145.00 
145.00 
USD/CNY 
6.70 
6.70 
6.60 
6.60 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
GBP/USD 
1.34 
1.32 
1.37 
1.39 
1.42 
1.45 
1.45 
1.47 
Interest rates (% EoP) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
US 10yr 
4.93 
5.00 
5.00 
4.95 
4.90 
4.85 
4.75 
4.75 
Germany 10-year 
3.48 
3.25 
3.15 
3.00 
2.80 
2.70 
2.60 
2.50 
Japan 10yr 
2.95 
2.90 
3.00 
3.10 
3.10 
3.15 
3.05 
2.95 
Commodities 1 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Oil - WTI ($/bbl) 
101.2 
75.0 
75.0 
75.0 
75.0 
75.0 
75.0 
75.0 
Oil - Brent ($/bbl) 
104.0 
79.0 
79.0 
79.0 
79.0 
79.0 
79.0 
79.0 
Gold ($/oz) 
4357 
3900.0 
3900.0 
3900.0 
3900.0 
3900.0 
3900.0 
3900.0 
Equities (EoP) 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
S&P 500  
7638 
  
  
 
  
  
7100 
  
Stoxx 600 
643 
 
530 
 
  
  
565 
  
Source: BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
 


[Page 21]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
21
 
 
Detailed forecasts 
Global economic forecasts 
Exhibit 18: Global Economic Forecasts 
Global GDP growth expected at 3.3% in 2026, 3.4% in 2027 and 3.3% in 2028 
 
GDP growth, % 
 
CPI inflation*, % 
Short term interest rates**, % 
 
2025 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
2025 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
Current 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
Global and regional aggregates 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Global 
3.5 
3.3 
3.4 
3.3 
2.5 
3.0 
2.6 
2.2 
3.87 
3.95 
3.79 
3.63 
Global ex US 
3.8 
3.6 
3.6 
3.6 
2.4 
3.0 
2.6 
2.2 
3.86 
3.87 
3.68 
3.48 
Global ex China 
3.1 
3.0 
3.1 
3.1 
3.2 
3.8 
3.2 
2.9 
4.59 
4.71 
4.51 
4.31 
Developed Markets 
1.7 
1.5 
1.6 
1.5 
2.6 
3.0 
2.3 
2.0 
3.04 
3.29 
3.15 
2.97 
Emerging Markets 
4.7 
4.6 
4.5 
4.4 
2.4 
3.1 
2.8 
2.3 
4.41 
4.37 
4.19 
4.02 
Emerging Markets ex China 
4.6 
4.6 
4.8 
4.6 
4.0 
4.6 
4.2 
3.8 
6.25 
6.20 
5.90 
5.63 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) 
2.1 
1.5 
2.2 
2.0 
4.6 
4.2 
3.4 
2.8 
4.79 
4.67 
4.09 
3.63 
European Union 
1.5 
1.1 
1.4 
1.3 
2.5 
3.0 
2.3 
1.9 
2.78 
2.78 
2.30 
1.86 
Emerging EMEA 
3.5 
2.5 
4.0 
3.2 
9.7 
7.2 
5.8 
4.8 
8.54 
8.11 
7.22 
6.71 
Emerging Asia 
5.4 
5.4 
5.1 
5.0 
0.9 
2.1 
2.0 
1.7 
2.79 
2.88 
2.98 
2.92 
ASEAN 
5.0 
5.0 
5.0 
5.2 
1.6 
3.4 
2.9 
2.6 
3.98 
4.00 
4.05 
3.62 
Latin America 
2.4 
2.1 
2.1 
2.3 
3.7 
4.6 
4.1 
3.5 
8.23 
8.13 
7.36 
7.09 
G6 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
US 
2.1 
2.1 
2.2 
1.9 
2.7 
3.3 
2.5 
2.3 
3.875 
4.375 
4.375 
4.375 
Euro area 
1.3 
0.8 
1.1 
1.1 
2.1 
2.9 
2.2 
1.8 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Japan 
1.2 
0.8 
0.8 
0.7 
3.2 
1.9 
1.7 
1.7 
1.25 
1.50 
2.00 
2.00 
UK 
1.3 
1.2 
1.2 
1.5 
3.4 
3.1 
2.6 
2.1 
3.75 
3.75 
3.50 
3.50 
Canada 
1.9 
1.0 
1.6 
2.0 
2.1 
2.8 
2.2 
2.0 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.75 
Australia 
2.0 
2.0 
1.6 
2.0 
2.9 
3.7 
2.5 
2.5 
4.35 
4.60 
4.10 
3.60 
Euro area 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Germany 
0.3 
1.0 
1.0 
0.9 
2.3 
2.6 
1.9 
1.8 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
France 
0.9 
0.4 
0.8 
1.0 
0.9 
2.3 
1.5 
1.5 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Italy 
0.7 
0.8 
0.6 
0.8 
1.6 
2.8 
1.7 
1.6 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Spain 
2.8 
2.6 
1.6 
1.4 
2.7 
3.5 
1.6 
1.8 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Netherlands 
1.6 
1.3 
1.2 
1.3 
3.0 
2.8 
2.2 
1.8 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Belgium 
1.0 
0.6 
1.0 
1.0 
3.0 
3.6 
2.1 
1.5 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Austria 
1.0 
0.8 
1.2 
1.5 
3.6 
3.1 
2.2 
2.0 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Greece 
2.2 
1.8 
1.7 
1.7 
2.9 
3.6 
2.3 
2.1 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Portugal 
1.9 
2.1 
1.6 
1.8 
2.2 
3.0 
2.0 
1.8 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Ireland 
8.1 
-6.1 
4.7 
2.6 
2.1 
3.2 
1.8 
1.7 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Finland 
0.8 
1.2 
1.0 
1.3 
1.8 
2.5 
1.7 
1.7 
2.50 
2.50 
2.00 
1.50 
Other developed economies 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
New Zealand 
0.2 
1.5 
2.1 
2.5 
2.8 
3.4 
2.3 
2.0 
2.75 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
Switzerland 
1.4 
1.0 
1.4 
1.6 
0.2 
0.5 
0.7 
0.7 
0.0 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Norway 
1.7 
0.8 
0.7 
1.2 
3.0 
3.2 
2.6 
2.4 
4.25 
4.25 
3.75 
0.00 
Sweden 
1.6 
2.7 
2.3 
1.9 
2.6 
1.2 
2.0 
2.2 
1.75 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
Emerging Asia 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
China 
5.0 
4.5 
4.2 
4.0 
0.0 
0.8 
0.5 
0.0 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
India 
7.3 
7.7 
7.5 
7.7 
2.1 
4.4 
4.9 
4.6 
5.25 
5.50 
5.75 
5.75 
Indonesia 
5.1 
5.3 
5.5 
5.7 
1.9 
3.3 
3.0 
2.8 
5.75 
5.75 
5.75 
4.75 
Korea 
1.0 
3.6 
2.5 
2.1 
2.1 
2.6 
2.2 
2.0 
3.00 
3.25 
3.50 
3.50 
Taiwan 
8.8 
12.0 
7.0 
5.0 
1.7 
2.0 
1.7 
1.8 
2.00 
2.25 
2.38 
2.38 
Thailand 
2.4 
2.5 
2.7 
2.4 
-0.1 
1.8 
0.5 
0.8 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.25 
Malaysia 
5.2 
5.2 
4.5 
4.6 
1.4 
1.8 
2.0 
2.2 
2.75 
2.75 
3.00 
3.00 
Philippines 
4.4 
2.5 
3.5 
4.5 
1.7 
6.7 
4.9 
3.5 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
4.25 
Singapore 
5.0 
5.1 
2.7 
2.7 
0.9 
2.0 
2.2 
1.7 
  
  
  
  
Hong Kong 
3.5 
4.0 
3.5 
2.6 
1.4 
2.0 
2.2 
2.0 
4.25 
4.75 
4.75 
4.75 
Vietnam 
8.0 
8.2 
8.4 
8.4 
3.3 
4.8 
4.5 
4.0 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
Source: BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
 


[Page 22]
 
 
22 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
Exhibit 19: Global Economic Forecasts (continued) 
Global GDP growth expected at 3.3% in 2026, 3.4% in 2027 and 3.3% in 2028 
 
GDP growth, % 
 
CPI inflation*, % 
Short term interest rates**, % 
 
2025 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
2025 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
Current 
2026F 
2027F 
2028F 
Latin America 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Brazil 
2.3 
1.8 
0.9 
1.7 
4.3 
5.0 
4.7 
3.5 
13.75 
13.25 
11.25 
11.25 
Mexico 
0.7 
1.4 
1.6 
1.3 
3.7 
3.6 
3.7 
4.2 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
Argentina 
4.4 
2.5 
3.5 
3.5 
31.5 
30.1 
18.1 
12.0 
  
  
  
  
Colombia 
2.6 
2.5 
2.9 
3.1 
5.1 
7.1 
4.9 
3.6 
12.00 
13.00 
12.00 
9.25 
Chile 
2.5 
1.2 
3.0 
3.0 
3.4 
4.5 
3.2 
3.0 
4.50 
4.50 
5.00 
5.00 
Peru 
3.4 
3.5 
4.0 
4.5 
1.5 
4.5 
3.2 
2.0 
4.25 
4.50 
4.75 
4.25 
Ecuador 
3.7 
3.2 
2.7 
3.0 
1.9 
2.4 
2.3 
2.0 
  
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Uruguay 
1.8 
2.0 
2.0 
2.5 
3.7 
4.2 
4.5 
4.6 
5.75 
6.00 
7.00 
7.00 
Costa Rica 
4.6 
3.7 
4.0 
3.8 
-1.2 
2.0 
3.0 
3.0 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
Dominican Republic 
2.1 
4.0 
3.9 
3.5 
5.0 
6.0 
4.8 
4.0 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
Panama 
4.4 
4.7 
5.0 
4.5 
0.4 
2.8 
2.3 
2.0 
  
  
  
  
El Salvador 
3.9 
4.0 
3.2 
3.2 
0.9 
3.1 
2.0 
1.7 
 
 
 
 
Guatemala 
4.3 
3.9 
3.7 
3.8 
1.7 
2.9 
2.7 
2.8 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
EEMEA 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Türkiye 
3.7 
2.6 
4.1 
3.3 
34.9 
31.2 
27.1 
30.0 
37.00 
36.00 
31.00 
34.00 
Nigeria 
4.0 
4.1 
4.3 
4.0 
23.0 
16.0 
13.0 
10.0 
26.50 
24.50 
22.00 
19.00 
Egypt 
4.4 
4.4 
4.5 
4.5 
20.4 
13.2 
10.0 
8.0 
19.50 
19.00 
16.00 
14.00 
Poland 
3.7 
3.2 
2.7 
2.5 
3.6 
3.0 
2.8 
2.5 
3.75 
3.75 
3.25 
3.25 
South Africa 
1.1 
1.2 
1.4 
1.6 
3.2 
4.2 
4.0 
3.9 
7.00 
7.25 
6.50 
6.00 
Romania 
0.6 
0.0 
2.5 
2.5 
7.3 
8.5 
4.4 
3.5 
6.50 
6.50 
5.75 
5.25 
Czech Republic 
2.6 
2.0 
2.4 
2.0 
2.5 
1.9 
2.5 
2.0 
3.75 
4.00 
4.00 
3.50 
Israel 
2.9 
3.6 
4.5 
4.0 
3.0 
2.0 
1.9 
2.0 
3.25 
3.75 
3.25 
3.25 
Hungary 
0.4 
1.9 
2.8 
2.5 
4.4 
1.7 
2.7 
2.5 
5.50 
5.00 
4.50 
4.00 
Saudi Arabia 
4.5 
0.6 
6.1 
2.9 
2.0 
2.4 
2.0 
2.0 
4.50 
3.50 
3.50 
5.00 
Source: BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
Exhibit 20: Real GDP growth, qoq annualized % 
Global GDP growth expected at 3.3% in 2026, 3.4% in 2027 and 3.3% in 2028 
 
2Q 26 
3Q 26 
4Q 26 
1Q 27 
2Q 27 
3Q 27 
4Q 27 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
Developed Markets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
US 
1.6 
2.4 
2.3 
2.2 
2.2 
2.1 
2.0 
2.1 
2.1 
2.2 
1.9 
Euro area 
1.8 
1.1 
1.0 
1.0 
1.1 
1.1 
1.1 
1.3 
0.8 
1.1 
1.1 
Japan 
1.4 
0.1 
0.3 
1.1 
1.2 
0.7 
0.6 
1.2 
0.8 
0.8 
0.7 
UK 
1.7 
0.6 
0.8 
1.2 
1.4 
1.4 
1.6 
1.3 
1.2 
1.2 
1.5 
Canada 
3.3 
2.1 
1.3 
1.6 
1.4 
1.2 
1.3 
1.9 
1.0 
1.6 
2.0 
Australia 
1.7 
1.2 
2.0 
1.6 
1.6 
1.6 
1.6 
2.0 
2.0 
1.6 
2.0 
G6 Aggregate 
1.7 
1.6 
1.5 
1.6 
1.6 
1.5 
1.5 
1.7 
1.5 
1.6 
1.5 
Emerging Markets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
China 
3.6 
3.9 
4.4 
4.6 
4.0 
3.8 
4.1 
5.0 
4.5 
4.2 
4.0 
India 
6.8 
7.2 
6.6 
9.5 
8.3 
5.9 
4.8 
7.3 
7.7 
7.5 
7.7 
Indonesia 
4.4 
4.1 
6.6 
6.6 
4.9 
4.5 
6.1 
5.1 
5.3 
5.5 
5.7 
South Korea 
2.5 
2.8 
2.6 
2.4 
2.3 
2.4 
2.4 
1.0 
3.6 
2.5 
2.1 
Thailand 
-0.7 
2.9 
5.4 
2.5 
0.7 
2.3 
5.5 
2.4 
2.5 
2.7 
2.4 
Singapore 
2.0 
-1.6 
-1.6 
5.7 
3.2 
3.2 
3.2 
5.0 
5.1 
2.7 
2.7 
Hong Kong 
-2.5 
-3.6 
6.1 
12.5 
2.3 
-2.2 
-2.3 
3.5 
4.0 
3.5 
2.6 
Brazil 
1.9 
0.6 
1.3 
0.9 
1.7 
1.2 
2.3 
2.3 
1.8 
0.9 
1.7 
Mexico 
5.8 
0.6 
0.1 
1.9 
2.1 
1.3 
1.2 
0.7 
1.4 
1.6 
1.3 
Colombia 
2.4 
3.6 
3.6 
2.4 
2.4 
2.8 
2.8 
2.6 
2.5 
2.9 
3.1 
Chile 
4.2 
3.6 
3.6 
2.4 
2.4 
2.4 
2.4 
2.5 
1.2 
3.0 
3.0 
Peru 
2.4 
4.9 
4.9 
4.1 
4.5 
4.5 
4.5 
3.4 
3.5 
4.0 
4.5 
Türkiye 
4.6 
6.7 
6.4 
3.2 
3.4 
3.6 
2.9 
3.7 
2.6 
4.1 
3.3 
South Africa 
1.2 
1.2 
1.4 
1.9 
1.7 
2.0 
1.8 
1.1 
1.2 
1.4 
1.6 
Source: BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
 


[Page 23]
 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026
23
 
 
Monetary policy forecasts 
Exhibit 21: Monetary policy forecasts 
End of period 
Central Banks 
Current 
Sep-26 
Oct-26 
Nov-26 
Dec-26 
Jan-27 
Feb-27 
Mar-27 
Apr-27 
May-27 
Jun-27 
Jul-27 
Aug-27 
Developed Markets 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Fed (upper bound) 
4.00 
4.00 
4.25 
4.25 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
ECB (deposit rate) 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.50 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
BoJ 
1.00 
1.25 
1.25 
1.25 
1.50 
1.50 
1.50 
1.75 
1.75 
1.75 
1.75 
2.00 
2.00 
BoE 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
BoC 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
Riksbank 
1.75 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
2.00 
SNB 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
Norges Bank 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
RBA 
4.35 
4.35 
4.35 
4.35 
4.35 
4.35 
4.35 
 4.35 
 4.35 
 4.35 
 4.35 
 4.35 
4.10 
RBNZ 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
2.75 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
Emerging Asia 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
China 7d reverse repo* 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
India 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
5.50 
5.50 
5.75 
5.75 
5.75 
5.75 
5.75 
5.75 
5.75 
South Korea 
3.00 
3.00 
3.00 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
3.50 
Taiwan  
2.00 
2.125 
2.125 
2.125 
2.25 
2.25 
2.25 
2.375 
2.375 
2.375 
2.375 
2.375 
2.375 
Thailand  
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
1.00 
Philippines  
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
 5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
Latin America 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Brazil  
13.75 
13.75 
13.75 
13.50 
13.25 
13.00 
13.00 
12.75 
12.50 
12.50 
12.25 
12.25 
12.00 
Chile  
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.75 
4.75 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
Colombia  
12.00 
12.00 
12.50 
12.50 
13.00 
13.00 
13.00 
12.75 
12.75 
12.75 
12.50 
12.50 
12.50 
Mexico  
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
Peru  
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.25 
4.50 
4.50 
4.75 
4.75 
4.75 
4.75 
4.75 
4.75 
4.75 
Emerging EMEA 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Czech Republic  
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
4.00 
Hungary  
5.50 
5.50 
5.50 
5.50 
5.25 
5.00 
5.00 
4.75 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
4.50 
Israel  
3.25 
3.50 
3.50 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
3.25 
Poland 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
3.75 
Türkiye   
37.00 
37.00 
36.00 
36.00 
36.00 
36.00 
36.00 
35.00 
34.00 
34.00 
33.00 
32.00 
32.00 
Source: BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
 
 


[Page 24]
 
 
24 
Global Economic Weekly | 18 September 2026 
 
 
FX, rates and commodity forecasts 
Exhibit 22: Quarterly forecasts 
End of period 
Spot 
Sep-26 
Dec-26 
Mar-27 
Jun-27 
Sep-27 
Dec-27 
Dec-28 
FX forecasts 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
G6 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
EUR-USD 
1.15 
1.12 
1.15 
1.17 
1.19 
1.20 
1.20 
1.22 
USD-JPY 
156 
153 
149 
149 
148 
146 
145 
145 
EUR-JPY 
179 
171 
171 
174 
176 
175 
174 
177 
GBP-USD 
1.34 
1.32 
1.37 
1.39 
1.42 
1.45 
1.45 
1.47 
USD-CAD 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.40 
1.38 
1.38 
1.36 
AUD-USD 
0.71 
0.70 
0.74 
0.73 
0.73 
0.73 
0.72 
0.72 
Asia 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
USD-CNY 
6.70 
6.70 
6.60 
6.60 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
6.50 
USD-INR 
95.9 
97.0 
98.0 
98.5 
99.0 
99.0 
99.0 
99.0 
USD-IDR 
17752 
17900 
18000 
18100 
18200 
18200 
18200 
18200 
USD-KRW 
1383 
1420 
1410 
1400 
1400 
1380 
1380 
1380 
Latin America 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
USD-BRL 
5.13 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
5.00 
USD-MXN 
17.16 
17.25 
17.50 
17.75 
18.00 
18.25 
18.50 
19.00 
Emerging Europe 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
EUR-PLN 
4.36 
4.33 
4.28 
4.25 
4.22 
4.18 
4.15 
4.10 
USD-TRY 
48.78 
49.30 
51.70 
53.80 
55.90 
57.90 
60.00 
73.20 
USD-ZAR 
16.25 
16.40 
16.40 
16.30 
16.00 
15.80 
15.60 
15.30 
Rates forecasts 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
2yr 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
US 2-year 
4.68 
5.00 
5.00 
4.95 
4.90 
4.85 
4.75 
4.50 
Germany 2-year 
3.23 
2.95 
2.90 
2.65 
2.40 
2.25 
2.05 
1.85 
Japan 2-year 
1.86 
1.70 
1.95 
2.20 
2.20 
2.35 
2.30 
2.20 
UK 2-year 
4.74 
4.60 
4.50 
4.50 
4.45 
4.20 
3.95 
3.70 
Canada 2-year 
3.26 
3.00 
3.05 
3.10 
3.15 
3.20 
3.25 
3.25 
10yr 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
US 10-year 
4.93 
5.00 
5.00 
4.95 
4.90 
4.85 
4.75 
4.75 
Germany 10-year 
3.48 
3.25 
3.15 
3.00 
2.80 
2.70 
2.60 
2.50 
Japan 10-year 
2.95 
2.90 
3.00 
3.10 
3.10 
3.15 
3.05 
2.95 
UK 10-year 
5.22 
5.15 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
5.25 
Canada 10-year 
3.82 
3.70 
3.75 
3.80 
3.85 
3.90 
3.95 
4.00 
Commodities forecasts 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  WTI Crude Oil - $/bbl 
101.2 
81.0 
77.0 
73.0 
69.0 
71.0 
70.0 
NA 
  Brent Crude Oil - $/bbl 
104.0 
85.0 
81.0 
77.0 
73.0 
75.0 
74.0 
NA 
  Gold $/oz 
4357 
3900 
4250 
4750 
5000 
5000 
4500 
4000 
Note: Spot exchange rate as of day of publishing. The left of the currency pair is the denominator of the exchange rate. Currency forecasts are for end of period. 
Source: BofA Global Research, Bloomberg. 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
 
 
 
       
