[Page 1]
Prepared by Prime Brokerage. In evaluating this material, you should know that it could have been previously provided to other clients and/or internal Goldman Sachs personnel, who could have already acted 
on it. The views or ideas expressed here are those of the desk and/or author only and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs; others at Goldman Sachs may have opinions or may express views that are 
contrary to those herein. This material is not independent advice and is not a product of Global Investment Research. This material is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the purposes of, 
and to the extent it would otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk unless specified otherwise. 
Global Banking & Markets
September 18, 2026
US Equities Weekly Rundown 
Positioning, Flows, and Observations Across the Floor 
Portfolio Manager’s Summary 
US stocks rose slightly on Friday with the S&P 500 little changed on the week as investors have been digesting a hawkish Fed hike set against 
stronger growth impulses and few signs that the AI infrastructure investment cycle is waning. Bitcoin Sensitive, AI Software, and Agentic AI 
were among the themes that outperformed, while IPPs, Power, and Alternative Asset Managers were among the themes that underperformed.  
 
Prime: US equities saw the largest net buying in five weeks, led by short covers in Macro Products and long buys in Single Stocks. 7 of 11 sectors 
were net bought, led by Info Tech & Comm Svcs which were the most $ net bought sectors for a third consecutive week, driven by long buys – 
Most TMT subsectors were net bought, led by Software, Semis & Semi Equip, Telecom Svcs, IT Svcs, and Interactive Media & Svcs. On the other 
hand, hedge funds net sold Health Care stocks for a fifth straight week and at the fastest pace in nearly six months, driven by long-and-short sales. 
 
Shares: From a flow perspective, Asset Managers were net sellers on the week, with supply concentrated in macro products, communication 
services, industrials, consumer discretionary, and tech. Hedge Funds finished slightly better for sale with supply in tech vs demand in macro 
products. Looking ahead to next week, focus will be on the Trump / Xi summit. Also watching a handful of investor days (NVO on Mon; ONON, 
FSLY, PATH on Tues; MCD, AUR on Wed; and SHW on Thurs) as well as META’s Connect Developer Conference (Wed-Thurs). 
 
Futures: The major US equity index rolls richened slightly to start the week. Monday was the highest volume day in each of the calendar spreads, 
as is typical, but volumes were even more concentrated into Monday’s session than in past rolls. As volumes tapered off on Tuesday, all of the 
major spreads reverted back to the cheapening pattern last week and continued to cheapen into expiration on Friday. December funding in ES 
appears to have settled into the 50-60bp range earlier in the year before the AI-leverage driven rally, but the TRF curve is still pricing a significant 
premium for year end. Funding between the Z6 and F7 expirations is still elevated at FF+165 though down from ~FF+190 going into the roll period. 
 
Derivatives: Amid persistent geopolitical risk, rates uncertainty and newly emerging AI safety fears, flows were particularly tactical this week. 
Across the single stock and index space, managers played a fair mix of offense and defense, using options to protect against both tails. While 
positioning still feels relatively guarded, Thursday’s rally eased investor anxieties, driving the largest 1d decline in our Vol Panic Index in the last 
10 years. Implied vols across the TMT space continued to compress, renewing interest in stock replacement trades to retain equity upside with 
defined downside risk. For example, implied vol in NVDA hit multi-year lows on Friday. We like replacing length / adding delta with outright calls. 
 
Baskets: We are launching over 1,000 Flagship Single Stock Hedge Baskets, providing a more precise alternative to broad market and sector 
proxies. Using AI-powered thematic mapping and fundamental analysis, we identify the key peers and end markets that drive a company's 
performance and construct an optimized liquid, diversified basket designed to closely track those exposures. The framework can be applied to 
both public and private equity positions. Flagship Single Stock Hedges are ready to trade when you need them or can be used as a starting point 
to iterate on. Options can be leveraged for a defined-risk implementations and can be priced on any of these flagship baskets + any basket tickers.  
 
Sector Specialists: Tech outperformed on the week, recapturing its 50/100-dma to the upside; that said, it was another action-packed week as 
investors wrestled with a number of moving parts on both the AI thematic front and on the macro front. Much of the dialogue on the desk was 
focused on takeaways from the recent GS Communacopia + Technology conference (a decidedly bullish set of datapoints), and what it will take 
for the AI infrastructure trade to get back its momentum. One call-out away from Semis / AI Infra has been the emergence of the “Inference 
Economy” theme – think asset-light, AI inference exposed names across Cyber Security and Data Infrastructure. The big themes of “data infra” 
or “security” are starting to feel a bit like the “capex trades” in 2024 or early 2025 where one had to be “directionally” right on the theme 
(memory, optical, compute), but less so on the specific winners/losers or share-gainers (at least for now). Both Financials and Real Estate 
underperformed SPX as part of the market’s reaction to the Federal Reserve, with macro conversations in Financials increasingly turning 
towards whether changes in the rate market have the potential to weigh on economic growth (and the broader capex cycle); while in Real Estate, 
there’s 1) greater focus on funding costs & leverage in Net Leases and 2) a debate around whether activity may pause in the CRE brokers following 
recent movement in rate, and whether rate is enough to offset/slow down idiosyncratic tailwinds in Office (return to office, GDP) & Industrial (GDP, 
Datacenter & supporting infrastructure buildout) leasing activity. Putting rates aside, commentary at this week’s conference was largely solid. 
 
What We Are Reading and Listening to This Week 
 
Global Strategy Views: Competition for Capital (link) 
 
Global Rates Trader: Hiking More or Less (link) 
 
US Equity Views: Over-earning, but not an earnings bubble (link) 
 
The Opportunities for Investors amid Higher-for-Longer Interest Rates (link) 
 
 
 
Track these themes with the GS Custom Baskets Launchpad on Bloomberg: please reach out to your sales coverage and gs-gssu permissioning@gs.com 
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities data as of 18-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
S&P 500
Nasdaq 100
Russell 2000
STOXX 600
Nikkei 225
HSI
CSI 300
SPX 1-M 
Realized 
Correlation
VIX
10Y UST
US Dollar
WTI Future Gold Future
Bitcoin
Level
7,650.50
29,644.17
2,860.40
635.45
65,018.95
24,750.78
4,507.39
7.0%
14.87
5.00%
100.19
99.31
4,386.40
81,050.87
WoW Chg
-0.1%
0.9%
-1.5%
-0.6%
1.6%
-0.2%
-0.1%
0.9 pp
-6.1%
0.03 pp
1.1%
-0.7%
0.3%
4.8%
YTD Chg
11.8%
17.4%
15.2%
7.3%
29.2%
-3.4%
-2.6%
-4.9 pp
-0.5%
0.83 pp
1.9%
73.0%
1.0%
-7.5%
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
Bitcoin Sensitive
GSCBBTC1
8.83%
55.15%
Software Immune vs At-Risk
GSPUSFTX
4.84%
34.74%
AI Software
GSTMTAIS
6.84%
38.80%
Hi Growth Hi Margin vs Lo Margin
GSPUHGMP
2.79%
32.84%
Agentic AI
GSXUAGNT
4.94%
72.09%
Strong vs Weak Balance Sheet
GSPRLEVR
2.63%
-11.52%
Expensive Software (Index)
GSX1SF8X
3.83%
7.73%
Secular Growth vs Bond Proxies
GSPUSGBO
2.40%
11.98%
Quantum Computing (Index)
GSX1QNT1
2.59%
-18.87%
Software vs Semis
GSPUSOSE
1.75%
-45.85%
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
IPPs
GSXUIPPS
-6.57%
-7.29%
AI Power vs AI Hardware ex-Power
GSPUAIPO
-3.85%
-50.30%
Global Rare Earths
GSXGRARE
-6.14%
-6.40%
Long Value vs Secular Growth
GSPUVLSG
-3.64%
6.38%
Nat Gas
GSENNATG
-4.56%
2.76%
Low vs High Stock Based Comp
GSPUSBCP
-2.84%
-9.84%
Power Infrastructure
GSX1POW1
-4.33%
1.74%
MF OWs vs UWs
GSPRMUTL
-2.25%
-15.73%
Alternative Asset Managers
GSFINALT
-3.91%
-23.49%
Small Cap Hi vs Lo Profitability
GSPUPROF
-2.19%
-8.31%
Macro/Thematic Baskets: Top Perfomers This week
Macro/Thematic Pairs: Top Perfomers This week
Macro/Thematic Baskets: Bottom Perfomers This week
Macro/Thematic Pairs: Bottom Perfomers This week


[Page 2]
Prime Services 
 
Vincent Lin, CFA, FRM 
   vincent.lin@gs.com 
 
Marco Laicini, PhD 
marco.laicini@gs.com 
 
Erin Tolar 
erin.tolar@gs.com 
 
Freddie Parker, CFA 
freddie.parker@gs.com 
 
Risk Exposures: US L/S Gross leverage rose +2.5 pts to 209.4% (33rd percentile one-year), while US L/S Net leverage fell -0.3 
pts to 49.9% (7th percentile one-year). US Fundamental long/short ratio (MV) decreased -0.9% to 1.625 (13th percentile one-
year). 
 
 
  
 
\ 
 
 
 
Trading Flows (September 11th – September 17th): US equities saw the largest net buying in five weeks (+0.9 SDs 1-year), driven by 
short covers in Macro Products and long buys in Single Stocks. 
• 
Macro Products (Index and ETF combined) made up 60% of the total $ net buying (+0.8 SDs 1-year), driven mainly by short 
covers. US-listed ETF shorts increased for a third straight week by +1.1% (+6.9% month/month), led by shorting in Credit and 
Small Cap Equity ETFs partially offset by covering in Financials, Health Care, and Metals ETFs.  
 
• 
Single Stocks were net bought for a third straight week and made up 40% of the total $ net buying (+0.5 SDs 1-year), driven 
by risk-on flows with long buys outpacing short sales (1.5 to 1). 7 of 11 US sectors were net bought, led in $ terms by Info 
Tech, Comm Svcs, Financials, and Utilities, while Health Care, Energy, and Industrials were the most $ net sold.  
 
• 
Info Tech and Comm Svcs were the most $ net bought US sectors for a third straight week, both driven by long buys as short 
flows remained relatively muted. Most TMT subsectors were net bought on the week, led by Software, Semis & Semi Equip, 
Telecom Svcs, IT Svcs, and Interactive Media & Svcs. Hedge funds have net bought US Software stocks for four consecutive 
weeks (6 of the last 8), and we are starting to see nascent signs of increased long buying in the group which points to a 
positive turn in sentiment. Net allocation in Software stocks (as % of total US net MV) now stands at 5% (vs. record low of 
1.3% seen in February and 7% at start of the year), which is in the 66th percentile vs. the past year and 13th percentile vs. the 
past five years.  
 
• 
On the other hand, hedge funds net sold US Health Care stocks for a fifth straight week and at the fastest pace in nearly six 
months (-1.8 SDs 1-year), driven by long-and-short sales. Nearly all subsectors (sans Life Sciences Tools & Svcs) were net 
sold this week, led by Biotech and to a lesser extent HC Equip & Supplies and HC Providers & Svcs. US Health Care long/short 
ratio now stands at 2.32 (vs. YTD high of 3.04 seen in March), which is the lowest level since Jul ’25 and in the 26th 
percentile vs. the past five years.  
Leverage
Gross %
Net %
L/S Ratio (MV)
Current
209.4
49.9
1.625
WoW Chg
2.5pt
-0.3pt
-0.9%
September MTD Chg
2.2pt
2.7pt
2.2%
2026 YTD Chg
-9.1pt
-5.0pt
-2.7%
2025 Chg
21.9pt
0.9pt
-4.9%
Current 1-Yr Percentile
33%
7%
13%
Current 3-Yr Percentile
67%
10%
12%
Current 5-Yr Percentile
80%
17%
7%
US Fundamental L/S (Asset Weighted)
Gross Leverage (%)   Net Leverage (%, right)
US Fundamental L/S: Gross vs Net Leverage
160
170
180
190
200
210
220
230
37.5
40
42.5
45
47.5
50
52.5
55
57.5
60
62.5
65
67.5
70
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
US Fundamental L/S: Long/Short Ratio (MV)
1.5
1.6
1.7
1.8
1.9
2
2.1
2.2
2.3
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026


[Page 3]
 
 
 v 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source for all graphs and tables: Goldman Sachs FICC, Equities, and Prime Services data as of 18-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative 
of future results.  
 
Net Exposure (left)   Long/Short Ratio (right)
Prime Book: US Software
% of Total US Net Exposure (MV)
Long/Short Ratio (MV)
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
18%
1
1.5
2
2.5
3
3.5
4
4.5
5
5.5
6
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Health Care (left)   XLV Price (right)
Prime Book US Long/Short Ratio (MV)
Long/Short Ratio (MV)
XLV Price
2
2.1
2.2
2.3
2.4
2.5
2.6
2.7
2.8
2.9
3
3.1
3.2
115
120
125
130
135
140
145
150
155
160
165
170
175
180
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Long Flow   Short Flow   Net Flow
Prime Book: US Equities (Positive Value = Long Buy or Short Cover)
% of Total US Gross MV at Start of 2026
-14%
-12%
-10%
-8%
-6%
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
2026
Single Stocks   Macro Products (Index + ETF)
Prime Book US Net Trading Flow (Positive Value = Buying)
% of Total US Gross MV at Start of 2026
-5%
-4.5%
-4%
-3.5%
-3%
-2.5%
-2%
-1.5%
-1%
-0.5%
0%
0.5%
1%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
2026
TMT   Consumer Disc   Cyclicals   Defensives
Prime Book US Net Trading Flow (Positive Value = Buying)
% of Total US Gross MV at Start of 2026
-4%
-3.5%
-3%
-2.5%
-2%
-1.5%
-1%
-0.5%
0%
0.5%
1%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
2026
-2.5
-2.0
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
Standard Deviations (1-Year)
Prime Book: Cumulative US Net Trading Flow
5-day
20-day
BUYING
SELLING


[Page 4]
US Shares Sales Trading 
 
        Ariana Contessa 
  ariana.contessa@gs.com 
 
     Matthew Kaplan, CFA 
matthew.kaplan@gs.com 
 
      Chloe Garber 
chloe.garber@gs.com 
       
 
Mitch Jeter 
mitch.jeter@gs.com 
 
Equities rallied to close out the week with relatively muted activity levels despite both quarterly rebalance and Friday’s 
quad-witching. Shaky start to the week with Anthropic’s “Dario Doomsday” calling for a slower pace of frontier evolution, 
sparking an aggressive rotation away from AI-related names and broader Momentum. Our AI vs AI-at-risk pair has one of 
its worst days since DeepSeek & spread between our 3M vs 12m Momo pairs was the widest since the 2020 election. 
Latest backup in yields remains a focus with the 10yr inching back towards 5% to close out the week (although not much 
specific to point to behind Friday’s move). Rate weakness stands out despite the oil selloff into weekend, with geopolitical 
headlines still relatively quiet aside from some positive talks of restoring flows to the East-West pipeline into next week's 
UN General Assembly. 
Wednesday’s FOMC meeting the other focus this week, where the Fed raised rates by 25 bps as expected, to 3.75%-
4.00%, with a more hawkish set of dots, showing one more hike this year, and NO cut next year, & inflation projections 
slightly higher than last time. In terms of 26 distributions, only 2 participants showed just the September hike for year, 4 
showed 3, and the rest had 2 for the year. GIR now expecting the Fed to hike again at its October meeting but still think the 
neutral rate will be 3.25-3.5% and add a third rate cut in March 2028 (in addition to cuts in September and December 
2027). 
From a flow’s perspective, Asset managers were net sellers on the week, with supply concentrated in macro products, 
communication services, industrials, consumer discretionary, and tech. Hedge funds were slightly better for sale with 
supply in tech vs demand in macro products. 
Looking ahead to next week, S&P implied move through next Friday (9/25) is 1.29%. Focus for the week will be on Trump / 
Xi summit which will be Xi's first trip to the US since 2023. Watching a handful of investor days (NVO Mon; ONON, FSLY, 
PATH Tues; MCD, AUR Wed; and SHW Thurs) as well as META’s Connect Developer Conference (Wed-Thurs) with focus 
on Zuckerberg’s presentation on Wed. 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities as of 18-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 
 


[Page 5]
Futures Sales Trading and Strategies 
 
        Robert Quinn 
  robert.quinn@gs.com 
 
     Paul Leyzerovich 
paul.leyzerovich@gs.com 
 
      Mason Fennelly 
mason.fennelly@gs.com 
       
 
Emily Robosson 
emily.robosson@gs.com 
 
The major US equity index rolls richened slightly to start the week. Monday was the highest volume day in each of the 
calendar spreads, as is typical, but roll volumes were even more concentrated into Monday’s session than in past rolls 
(Tuesday and Wednesday were active but saw less activity than usual). As volumes tapered off on Tuesday, all three of 
the major spreads reverted back to the cheapening pattern that we saw last week and continued to cheapen into 
expiration on Friday (see chart below). December funding in ES appears to have settled into the 50-60bp range we saw 
earlier in the year before the AI-leverage driven rally in May/Jun/Jul, but looking ahead, the TRF curve (chart below) is still 
pricing a significant premium for year end. Funding between the Z6 and F7 expirations is currently trading around a still-
elevated level of FF+165 though down from around FF+190 going into the roll period.  
According to Commitment of Traders, Managed Money Brent net positioning rose throughout most of August and early 
September, due mainly to downside reduction. Calendar spread changes reflected more bullish posturing. Alongside a 
potential new front in the conflict, longs arguably seized total control. Over September 8th - 15th, Brent price and 
aggregate open interest (OI) jumped +11.1% and +$8.3bn respectively. Most gains occurred when Houthi military 
advances threatened flows through the Bab al-Mandeb Strait and Saudi Arabia closed the East-West pipeline following 
attacks. Thus speculators were vulnerable to signs that new supply outages were less than feared (link). And liquidation 
apparently occurred over September 15th – 17th (price -3.6%, OI -$2.3bn) when sources said Saudi Arabia intends to return 
about half the capacity of its cross-country oil pipeline within days. Notably, the option market exhibits general 
complacency. Brent 3 month normalized 25 delta put-call skew remained above the 1 year median as of the September 
17th close. 
Ahead of the FOMC, gold positioning looked broadly balanced: systematic and CFTC managed-money length had fallen 
(26th / 64th percentile), while ETF holdings, SHFE open interest, and call-to-put ratios rose. Gold extended its correction 
after Wednesday’s 25bp hike, falling roughly 10% from its August high to $4,273/troy oz before finding support above 
$4,300. As of Friday afternoon, GCZ6 has rebounded 3.4% from the lows, with desk flows showing renewed appetite to 
add length. We see the pullback as an opportunity to rebuild length. Structural support remains intact (GIR’s latest take 
here), while roughly 32bp of additional tightening is already priced by year-end, raising the bar for further hawkish 
repricing. Additionally, given the negative correlation between oil and gold, the potential for diplomatic progress with Iran 
should act as a near term tailwind.  
 
 
 
 


[Page 6]
SP500 AIR TRF Funding Curve 
 
 
 
 


[Page 7]
 
 
Source for all charts: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Futures Strats Group as of 18-Sep-26 
Past performance is not indicative of future results 
  
 
 


[Page 8]
  Derivatives Sales Trading 
 
Erin Briggs 
erin.brigg@gs.com 
 
 Brian Garrett 
 brian.garrett@gs.com 
 
    Lee Coppersmith 
   lee.coppersmith@gs.com 
 
      Cullen Morgan 
cullen.morgan@gs.com 
 
      Gail Hafif 
gail.hafif@gs.com 
      
       Robbie Stankard 
robbie.stankard@gs.com 
 
Amid persistent geopolitical risk, rates uncertainty and newly emerging AI safety fears, client flows were particularly 
tactical this week. Across the single stock and index space, clients played a fair mix of offense and defense, using 
options to protect against both tails. This drove outsized volumes, with total US option volumes up +7.14% vs the 
200dma.   
 
While positioning still feels relatively guarded, Thursday's rally eased investor anxieties, driving the largest 1d decline in 
our Vol Panic Index that we have seen in the last 10 years (chart). In fact, the move also ranks as the third largest 1d 
decline in our data set, which extends back to 2006...  
 
 
 
 
Another dynamic that we are tracking closely is momentum vol. Our GSTMTMOM basket -- which goes long 
GSTMTMOL (GS TMT US Momentum Long) and short GSTMTMOS (GS TMT US Momentum Short) -- had a particularly 
eventful week starting Monday down -11.53% before clawing back Tuesday (+2.08%), Wednesday (+3.98%), Thursday 
(+2.56%) and Friday (+2.97%).  
 
Even more striking is the comparison to the broader S&P index. Over the last 3m, GSTMTMOM has been over 8x more 
volatile than SPX (chart)...  


[Page 9]
 
 
That said, implied vols across the TMT space have continued to compress, renewing interest in stock replacement 
trades as a way to retain equity upside exposure with defined downside risk. 
For example, implied vol in NVDA hit multi-year lows today (chart). We like replacing length / adding delta exposure with 
outright calls ... NVDA Dec 240 calls indicatively cost $9.40 (ref 221.72, 37d).  
 


[Page 10]
 
 
In the Exo space, our desk has been active in SPX UpVar. These trades offer vol exposure at a discounted strike to 
vanilla by stripping out structurally rich put skew. Longer-dated implied vols remain suppressed due to the QIS + 
overwriting complex and UpVar continues to line up well... SPX mar27 102% upvar indicatively costs 11.70v (vs vanilla 
var ~22v).  
 
Source for all charts: Bloomberg, GS FICC and Equities as of 18-Sep-26, past performance not indicative of future results. All references to 
“we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk.  
 
 


[Page 11]
Thematic Baskets and Macro Observations 
 
     Louis Miller 
louis.miller@gs.com 
 
     Faris Mourad 
faris.mourad@gs.com 
 
      Guillaume Soria 
guillaume.soria @gs.com 
 
      Julia Masch  
 julia.masch@gs.com 
 
      Shreya Ghaie 
Shreya.Ghaie@gs.com 
 
We are launching over 1,000 Flagship Single Stock Hedge Baskets, providing a more precise alternative to broad market 
and sector proxies. Using AI-powered thematic mapping and fundamental analysis, we identify the key peers and end 
markets that drive a company's performance and construct an optimized liquid, diversified basket designed to closely 
track those exposures. The framework can be applied to both public and private equity positions. 
What’s New and Differentiated?  
• 
We have leveraged data from MKTMediaStats, an AI platform that analyzes millions of unstructured data points 
across media coverage, corporate filings, and other public information sources. The platform identifies a company's 
key operating themes and measures thematic similarity across the public equity universe using a continuously 
evolving, point-in-time view of business exposure. We then systematically optimize the basket for thematic relevance, 
liquidity, diversification, and borrow cost. 
• 
Flagship Single Stock Hedges are ready to trade when you need them or can be used as a starting point to iterate 
on. The baskets are periodically rebalanced to reflect changing competitive landscapes, business models, and 
thematic exposures while ensuring the baskets remain correlated, liquid, diversified, and readily tradable. Moreover, 
constituents and correlations can be monitored on Marquee MarketView or through weekly basket updates (reach 
out to set these up) to provide regular email updates on performance, correlations, and compositions. 
• 
Where to Find the Hedge Baskets: The live suite of over 1,000 US and European hedge baskets is already available 
through our dedicated Bloomberg Launchpads and includes the S&P 500 in the US and Stoxx 600 in EMEA. Clients 
can search by ticker, review compositions, and check correlations of these ready-to-trade baskets directly on BBG or 
on Marquee MarketView. For Launchpad access, adjusting hedge customizations, bespoke requests, additional 
portfolio analysis, do not hesitate to reach out.  
• 
Options on baskets can be leveraged for a defined-risk implementation: options can be priced on any of these 
flagship baskets as well as any basket tickers. Leveraging a convex solution can limit downside while preserving 
upside participation and reducing basis risk. 
 
Case Study: APLD US – one of 1,000+ flagship single stock hedges available on Bloomberg 
The Applied Digital Hedge Basket (GSSHAPLD) provides exposure to bitcoin miners, AI infrastructure providers, data 
center operators, networking equipment companies, and semiconductor beneficiaries that share similar compute, power, 
and digital infrastructure demand drivers with Applied Digital, while maintaining thoughtful liquidity and diversification 
constraints. The basket has a 5% max weight and can trade $100mm in a day at 10% ADV.  
  


[Page 12]
Performance of GSSHAPLD has tracked APLD much more closely than traditional benchmarks, delivering a 93% 
correlation to APLD versus 74% for the Nasdaq 100, a nearly 20 percentage point improvement.  
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 
Case Study: PAF LN 
The Pan African Resources Hedge Basket (GSSHPAFL) provides exposure to gold miners, diversified mining companies, 
precious metals producers, and natural resource beneficiaries that share similar commodity, operating, and earnings 
drivers with Pan African Resources, delivering a 91% historical correlation to PAF LN versus 62% for SXPP, while 
maintaining thoughtful liquidity and diversification constraints. 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 


[Page 13]
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
  
 
 
 
 


[Page 14]
Monitor the baskets on Marquee MarketView:  
 
 Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee MarketView, as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future 
results. 
 
Basket One Pagers are readily available including Construction Methodology, Historical Correlation, Historical 
Performance, Proportion of Risk, Factor Exposures, Constituent Breakdown, and Breakdown by Sector, Industry, and 
Region  


[Page 15]
 
 
All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk unless otherwise specified. Please note hedge universes and 
compositions are constructed systematically based on data from MKT Media Stats. Please review and confirm composition prior to 
trading.  
 


[Page 16]
Sector Specialists Highlights 
 
     Peter Callahan 
peter.callahan@gs.com 
 
       Scott Feiler 
scott.feiler@gs.com 
 
      Jonathan Chan 
jonathan.chan@gs.com 
 
      Christian DeGrasse  
 christian.m.degrasse@gs.com 
 
      Ryan Novak 
 ryan.novak@gs.com 
      
      Adam Wijaya 
adam.x.wijaya@gs.com 
 
TMT (Pete Callahan & Alexander Joseph) 
Tech outperformed on the week, recapturing its 50/100-dma to the upside; that said, it was another action packed week for Tech 
as investors wrestled with a number of moving parts on both the AI thematic front (regulation / safety + agentic commerce) and 
on the macro front (rate hike + Oil vol). Much of the dialogue on the desk was focused on feedback and takeaways from the 
recent GS Communacopia + Technology conference (.. a decidedly bullish set of datapoints for Tech / AI), and, more pointedly, 
what it will take for the AI infrastructure trade to get back its momentum back after several positive catalysts seemingly failed to 
do so (e.g. ROIC commentary, model updates, product momentum, conference appearances, easing technicals) – at least for 
now. One call-out away from Semis / AI Infra has been the emergence of the “Inference Economy” theme – think asset-light, AI 
inference exposed names across Cyber Security and Data Infrastructure. While this has been a key theme for much of the 
Summer, what still stands out to me has been the continued support (read: multiple expansion) that the market is rewarding 
names with where a bull can believe that they likely grow through any potential capex gyrations (or, are just more immune from 
subtle rate of changs on ASPs or S/D); said another way, the big themes of “data infra” or “security” are starting to feel a bit like 
the “capex trades” in 2024 or early 2025 where one had to be “directionally” right on the theme (memory, optical, compute), but 
less so on the specific winners/losers or share-gainers (at least for now). Admittedly some emerging debates on entry points 
and valuations, that said, it still feels like a “rising tide lifts all boats” framing for names tied to capex-light inference workloads. 
 
Financials & Real Estate (Christian DeGrasse) 
Both Financials and Real Estate underperformed SPX as part of the market’s reaction to the Federal Reserve, with macro 
conversations in Financials increasingly turning towards whether changes in the rate market have the potential to weigh on 
economic growth (And the broader capex cycle); while in Real Estate, there’s 1) greater focus on funding costs & leverage in Net 
Leases and 2) a debate around whether activity may pause in the CRE brokers following recent movement in rate, and whether 
rate is enough to offset/slow down idiosyncratic tailwinds in Office (return to office, GDP) & Industrial (GDP, Datacenter & 
supporting infrastructure buildout) leasing activity.  Putting rates aside, commentary at this week’s conference was largely solid 
– Updates on capital markets were largely positive (pipelines, 3Q trends) though BAC was a laggard here prompting some focus 
on the source of dispersion. In aggregate, feedback in conversations coming out of the event were largely better than feared on 
deposit costs (though crowd is still vigilant), slightly negative on lending spreads, benign on credit quality (both commercial & 
consumer), and bullish on the Alts’ participation re the AI Capex cycle, while there was more inbounds around potential bank 
M&A. 
 
Healthcare (Jon Chan) 
Healthcare reversing some of the post Labor Day underperformance (XLV +1.8% vs. SPY -20 bps this week), as AI frontier pacing 
comments from over the weekend catalyzed sector level rotation in favor of more defensive end markets like Healthcare, while 
micro focus has remained centered around updates coming from in-and-around the fall conference circuit – where the key 
incremental this week was positive Tools commentary (GSHLCTOO +11.5% on the week) kicked off by TMO and others – while 
updates from the balance of the sector were less directional/consistent (i.e. caution on Managed Care ahead of STARs 
persisting, Medtech growth visibility vs. exogenous, Biotech idiosyncratic vs. rate/calendar factors, etc). Biopharma updates 
were mostly idiosyncratic + somewhat disparate this week (i.e. ASND -9.5% Tuesday following Novo collab update, VERA lower 
despite Ph3 ORIGIN 3 update, XENE -30% on MDD/bipolar study pause vs. RARE +13.5% Thurs/Fri on its FAYUVI FDA approval in 
Sanfilippo) – while also contending with macro/factor-level dynamics (i.e. rates, tax-loss dynamics for select names, etc.) and 
longer duration/2H events (i.e. evolving thoughts on M&A optionality across sector, firming thoughts on bars for clinical updates 
in 2H – i.e. MRNA/MRK INT potentially at ESMO –  where investor hype around ESMO has been building broadly.  
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities as of 18-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 


[Page 17]
17
 
Disclaimers 
 
Conflict of Interest Disclosure: We are a full-service, integrated corporate advisory, investment management, and brokerage firm. The professionals who prepared 
this material are paid in part based on the profitability of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., which includes earnings from the firm's trading, capital markets, 
corporate advisory and other business. They, along with other salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or 
trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed herein or the opinions expressed in research reports issued by our 
Research Departments, and our market making, investing and lending businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the views expressed 
herein. In addition, the professionals who prepared this material may also produce material for, and from time to time, may advise or otherwise be part of our 
trading desks that trade as principal in the securities mentioned in this material. This material is therefore not independent from our interests, which may conflict 
with your interests. We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this material, may from 
time to time have "long" or "short" positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell the securities or derivatives (including options) thereof in, and act as market 
maker or specialist in, and serve as a director of, companies mentioned in this material. In addition, we may have served as manager or co manager of a public 
offering of securities by any such company within the past three years 
 
See www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/sales-and-trading-invest-rec-disclosures.html for the relevant competent authority and other important disclosures for 
the production of this investment recommendation. If you are not accessing this material via Marquee ContentStream, a list of the author's investment 
recommendations disseminated during the preceding 12 months and the proportion of the author's recommendations that are 'buy', 'hold', 'sell' or other over the 
previous 12 months is available by logging into Marquee ContentStream using the link below. Alternatively, if you do not have access to Marquee ContentStream, 
please contact your usual GS representative who will be able to provide this information to you. 
Certain information included in the Information relies on data from external vendors; Goldman Sachs has not verified such information. Your data may be used 
along with other client's data on an aggregate and anonymized basis to populate the Information. However, not all clients that use Goldman Sachs as a prime 
broker are necessarily included in the data set. Additionally, certain data points may not populate if there too few clients' positions that make up such data points. 
Data utilized in the Information may be derived from a subset of aggregated GS client positions and/or trade activity as well as firm positions and activity. GS 
makes no representation that this data is inclusive of all positions or activity known to GS and this data should not be relied upon as a full view of market or GS 
activity/positions. 
 
Order Handling Practices for Listed and Over-the-Counter Derivatives: While the firm is holding your derivative (e.g. options, convertible bonds, warrants or 
preferred shares) order, the firm or its clients may engage in trading activity in the same or related products, including transactions in the underlying securities. 
While such trading activity is unrelated to your order, it may coincidentally impact the price of the derivative that you are buying or selling. 
 
Special Risk Disclosure related to Exchange-Traded Funds ("ETFs") and Exchange-Traded Notes ("ETNs"): To the extent this communication contains information 
pertaining to ETFs or ETNs, consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the ETFs and ETNs carefully before investing. Each U.S. 
Registered ETF and ETN has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC which contains this and other information about the ETF or ETN 
as applicable. Before you invest in an ETF or ETN, you should obtain and read carefully the prospectus in the registration statement and other documents the 
issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the product. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website 
at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, you may obtain a copy of the prospectus for each of the ETFs and ETNs mentioned in these materials by (i) contacting your 
Goldman Sachs sales representative, or (ii) sending a request by calling toll-free 1-866-471-2526, or (iii) sending a request by email to Prospectus-
ny@ny.email.gs.com, by fax to (212) 902-9316, or by mail to Goldman Sachs, 200 West Street, NY, NY 10282, Attn: Prospectus Department. ETFs are redeemable 
only in Creation Unit size aggregations and may not be individually redeemed; are redeemable only through Authorized Participants; and are redeemable on an "in-
kind" basis. The public trading price of a redeemable lot of the ETFs may be different from its net asset value. These ETFs can trade at a discount or premium to 
the net asset value. There is always a fundamental risk of declining stock prices, which can cause losses to your investment. Some leveraged and inverse ETFs 
and ETNs "reset" daily, meaning that they are designed to achieve their stated objectives on a daily basis. They will therefore realize each day a loss or a gain 
which is a multiple (for leveraged ETFs and ETNs) or the inverse (for inverse ETFs and ETNs) of the performance on that day of their underlying index or 
benchmark. For this reason, if they are held for a period longer than one day, their performance over such longer periods of time can differ significantly from the 
stated multiple of the performance (or the inverse of the performance) of their underlying index or benchmark during the same period of time. This effect can be 
magnified in volatile markets. Prior to entering into a transaction in leveraged or inverse ETFs, you should be aware of the general risks associated with such 
transactions. You should not enter into leveraged or inverse ETFs transactions unless you understand the nature and extent of your risk exposure. You should also 
be satisfied that the leveraged or inverse ETFs transaction is appropriate for you in light of your circumstances and financial condition. ETFs and ETNs that are 
linked to commodity futures do not offer direct exposure to the commodity's spot price, and may perform differently than the spot price for the commodity itself. 
Performance differential can be magnified if a specific condition persists in the market for a commodity that creates a disparity between near-term future prices 
and long-term future prices and may lead to unexpected performance results. Other factors, such as roll yield, transaction costs, management fees, and taxes may 
cause deviation in performance between the spot price of a commodity and commodity futures. You should not assume that an ETF or ETN that is linked to 
commodity futures will provide an effective hedge because of a negative correlation with equities or other asset classes. You should always be aware of the 
general risks associated with investing in the commodities market and the futures market before investing in an ETF or ETN that is linked to commodity futures. 
 
OTC Derivatives Risk Disclosures:  
Terms of the Transaction: To understand clearly the terms and conditions of any OTC derivative transaction you may enter into, you should carefully review the 
Master Agreement, including any related schedules, credit support documents, addenda and exhibits. You should not enter into OTC derivative transactions unless 
you understand the terms of the transaction you are entering into as well as the nature and extent of your risk exposure. You should also be satisfied that the OTC 
derivative transaction is appropriate for you in light of your circumstances and financial condition. You may be requested to post margin or collateral to support 
written OTC derivatives at levels consistent with the internal policies of Goldman Sachs.  
 
Liquidity Risk: There is no public market for OTC derivative transactions and, therefore, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate an existing position on 
favorable terms. Transfer Restrictions: OTC derivative transactions entered into with one or more affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Goldman Sachs) 
cannot be assigned or otherwise transferred without its prior written consent and, therefore, it may be impossible for you to transfer any OTC derivative transaction 
to a third party.  
 
Conflict of Interests: Goldman Sachs may from time to time be an active participant on both sides of the market for the underlying securities, commodities, 
futures, options or any other derivative or instrument identical or related to those mentioned herein (together, "the Product"). Goldman Sachs at any time may have 
long or short positions in, or buy and sell Products (on a principal basis or otherwise) identical or related to those mentioned herein. Goldman Sachs hedging and 
trading activities may affect the value of the Products.  
 
Counterparty Credit Risk: Because Goldman Sachs, may be obligated to make substantial payments to you as a condition of an OTC derivative transaction, you 
must evaluate the credit risk of doing business with Goldman Sachs or its affiliates.  
 
Pricing and Valuation: The price of each OTC derivative transaction is individually negotiated between Goldman Sachs and each counterparty and Goldman Sachs 
does not represent or warrant that the prices for which it offers OTC derivative transactions are the best prices available, possibly making it difficult for you to 
establish what is a fair price for a particular OTC derivative transaction; The value or quoted price of the Product at any time, however, will reflect many factors and 
cannot be predicted. If Goldman Sachs makes a market in the offered Product, the price quoted by Goldman Sachs would reflect any changes in market conditions 


[Page 18]
18
 
and other relevant factors, and the quoted price (and the value of the Product that Goldman Sachs will use for account statements or otherwise) could be higher or 
lower than the original price, and may be higher or lower than the value of the Product as determined by reference to pricing models used by Goldman Sachs. If at 
any time a third party dealer quotes a price to purchase the Product or otherwise values the Product, that price may be significantly different (higher or lower) than 
any price quoted by Goldman Sachs. Furthermore, if you sell the Product, you will likely be charged a commission for secondary market transactions, or the price 
will likely reflect a dealer discount. Goldman Sachs may conduct market making activities in the Product. To the extent Goldman Sachs makes a market, any price 
quoted for the OTC derivative transactions, Goldman Sachs may differ significantly from (i) their value determined by reference to Goldman Sachs pricing models 
and (ii) any price quoted by a third party. The market price of the OTC derivative transaction may be influenced by many unpredictable factors, including economic 
conditions, the creditworthiness of Goldman Sachs, the value of any underlyers, and certain actions taken by Goldman Sachs.  
 
Market Making, Investing and Lending: Goldman Sachs engages in market making, investing and lending businesses for its own account and the accounts of its 
affiliates in the same or similar instruments underlying OTC derivative transactions (including such trading as Goldman Sachs deems appropriate in its sole 
discretion to hedge its market risk in any OTC derivative transaction whether between Goldman Sachs and you or with third parties) and such trading may affect 
the value of an OTC derivative transaction.  
 
Early Termination Payments: The provisions of an OTC Derivative Transaction may allow for early termination and, in such cases, either you or Goldman Sachs 
may be required to make a potentially significant termination payment depending upon whether the OTC Derivative Transaction is in-the-money to Goldman Sachs 
or you at the time of termination. Indexes: Goldman Sachs does not warrant, and takes no responsibility for, the structure, method of computation or publication of 
any currency exchange rates, interest rates, indexes of such rates, or credit, equity or other indexes, unless Goldman Sachs specifically advises you otherwise. 
 
Risk Disclosure Regarding futures, options, equity swaps, and other derivatives as well as non-investment-grade securities and ADRs: Please ensure that you 
have read and understood the current options, futures and security futures disclosure document before entering into any such transactions. Current United States 
listed options, futures and security futures disclosure documents are available from our sales representatives or at 
http://www.theocc.com/components/docs/riskstoc.pdf,  http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/risk-disclosure-for-futures.pdf and 
https://www.nfa.futures.org/investors/investor-resources/files/security-futures-disclosure.pdf, respectively. Certain transactions - including those involving 
futures, options, equity swaps, and other derivatives as well as non-investment-grade securities - give rise to substantial risk and are not available to nor suitable 
for all investors. If you have any questions about whether you are eligible to enter into these transactions with Goldman Sachs, please contact your sales 
representative. Foreign-currency-denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that could have an adverse effect on the value or price of, or 
income derived from, the investment. In addition, investors in securities such as ADRs, the values of which are influenced by foreign currencies, effectively assume 
currency risk. 
 
Options Risk Disclosures: Options may trade at a value other than that which may be inferred from the current levels of interest rates, dividends (if applicable) and 
the underlier due to other factors including, but not limited to, expectations of future levels of interest rates, future levels of dividends and the volatility of the 
underlier at any time prior to maturity. Note: Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. Please ensure that you have read and understood the current 
options disclosure document before entering into any standardized options transactions. United States listed options disclosure documents are available from our 
sales representatives or at http://theocc.com/publications/risks/riskstoc.pdf. A secondary market may not be available for all options. Transaction costs may be 
a significant factor in option strategies calling for multiple purchases and sales of options, such as spreads. When purchasing long options an investor may lose 
their entire investment and when selling uncovered options the risk is potentially unlimited. Supporting documentation for any comparisons, recommendations, 
statistics, technical data, or other similar information will be supplied upon request. 
 
This material is for your private information and does not constitute an offer or invitation to enter into any transaction or agreement. This material has been issued 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and/or one of its affiliates and has been approved by Goldman Sachs International, which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom, and 
by Goldman Sachs Canada in connection with its distribution in Canada. This material is distributed in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd., and in Singapore through Goldman Sachs (Singapore)Pte. Neither Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC nor its representative in Seoul, Korea, 
is licensed to engage in the securities business in the Republic of Korea. Transactions in futures and options give rise to substantial risk and are note suitable for 
all investors. This material may contain, or otherwise be based upon, information we received from third party sources. Where this is the case, we do not represent 
that such information is accurate or complete, and we are not responsible for errors or omissions in such information. Any opinions expressed in this material are 
our present opinions only. 
 
Please refer to https://marquee.gs.com/studio/ for price information of corporate equity securities. 
 
This material is for the private information of the recipient only. This material is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any sponsor or provider of an index 
referred herein (each, an "Index Provider"). GS does not have any affiliation with or control over the Index Providers or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of the indices. While GS will obtain information from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, GS shall have no liability, contingent or otherwise, to the user or to third parties, for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, continued availability 
or completeness of the data nor for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred or experienced because of the use of the 
data made available herein, even if GS has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
 
Notice to Australian Investors: When this document is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO"), Goldman Sachs International ("GSI"), 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC"), or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, is 
intended only for a person that has first satisfied the GS entities that:  
• the person is a Sophisticated or Professional Investor for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act of Australia; and  
• the person is a wholesale client for the purpose of section 761G of the Corporations Act of Australia.  
To the extent that the GS entities are providing a financial service in Australia, the GS entities are each exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial 
services licence for the financial services they provide in Australia. Each of the GS entities are regulated by a foreign regulator under foreign laws which differ from 
Australian laws, specifically:  
• GSCO is regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws; 
• GSI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, under UK laws; 
• GSALLC is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws; and 
• GSSP is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under Singapore laws. 
 
Notice to Brazilian Investors 
Marquee is not meant for the general public in Brazil. The services or products provided by or through Marquee, at any time, may not be offered or sold to the 
general public in Brazil. You have received a password granting access to Marquee exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS business located in 
Brazil. The selection and engagement with any of the offered services or products through Marquee, at any time, will be carried out directly by you. Before acting to 
implement any chosen service or products, provided by or through Marquee you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular 
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any steps necessary in order to implement the chosen service or product, including but not limited to 
remittance of funds, shall be carried out at your discretion. Accordingly, such services and products have not been and will not be publicly issued, placed, 
distributed, offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and, as a result, they have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities and 


[Page 19]
19
 
Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários), nor have they been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to such 
services or products, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the general public in Brazil, as the offering of such services or products 
is not a public offering in Brazil, nor used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to the general public in Brazil. 
 
The offer of any securities mentioned in this message may not be made to the general public in Brazil. Accordingly, any such securities have not been nor will they 
be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários) nor has any offer been submitted to the foregoing agency 
for approval. Documents relating to the offer, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in Brazil, as the offer is not a public 
offering of securities in Brazil. These terms will apply on every access to Marquee. 
 
Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 0800 380 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. 
Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h. Canal de Denúncias: 0800 047 4065 e/ou Formulário eletrônico: 
https://gs.tnwreports.com/ 
Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 380 5764 and/or contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. 
Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Business Integrity Issues Channel: 0800 047 4065 and/or Web Form: https://gs.tnwreports.com/ 
  
Please note that none of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates including Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC maintains any licenses, authorisations or registrations in the 
People's Republic of China ("PRC") nor are the funds discussed in this material registered in the PRC. 
 
The distribution of this material and the placement of interests in the funds in Hong Kong is restricted. Accordingly, unless permitted by the securities laws of 
Hong Kong, no person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, this material, or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the 
interests in the funds, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong 
Kong, other than with respect to the interests in the funds which are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ―professional 
investors‖ within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Note to Investors in Israel: GS is not licensed to provide investment advice or investment management services under Israeli law. 
 
Notice to Investors in Japan 
Marquee is made available in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. 
 
本書は情報の提供を目的としております。また、売却・購入が違法となるような法域での有価証券その他の売却若しくは購入を勧めるものでもありません。ゴー
ルドマン・サックスは本書内の取引又はストラクチャーの勧誘を行うものではございません。これらの取引又はストラクチャーは、社内及び法規制等の承認等次
第で実際にはご提供できない場合がございます。 
 
<適格機関投資家限定 転売制限> 
ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社が適格機関投資家のみを相手方として取得申込みの勧誘（取得勧誘）又は売付けの申込み若しくは買付けの申込みの勧誘
(売付け勧誘等)を行う本有価証券には、適格機関投資家に譲渡する場合以外の譲渡が禁止される旨の制限が付されています。本有価証券は金融商品取引法第４条
に基づく財務局に対する届出が行われておりません。なお、本告知はお客様によるご同意のもとに、電磁的に交付させていただいております。 
＜適格機関投資家用資料＞ 
 本資料は、適格機関投資家のお客さまのみを対象に作成されたものです。本資料における金融商品は適格機関投資家のお客さまのみがお取引可能であり、適格
機関投資家以外のお客さまからのご注文等はお受けできませんので、ご注意ください。 商号等/ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社 金融商品取引業者 関東財
務局長（金商）第６９号 
 加入協会/ 日本証券業協会、一般社団法人金融先物取引業協会、一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会、一般社団法人資産運用業協会 
 本書又はその添付資料に信用格付が記載されている場合、日本格付研究所（JCR）及び格付投資情報センター（R&I）による格付は、登録信用格付業者による格
付（登録格付）です。その他の格付は登録格付である旨の記載がない場合は、無登録格付です。無登録格付を投資判断に利用する前に、「無登録格付に関する説
明書」（http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html）を十分にお読みください。 
  
If any credit ratings are contained in this material or any attachments, those that have been issued by Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) or Rating and 
Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) are credit ratings that have been issued by a credit rating agency registered in Japan (registered credit ratings). Other credit 
ratings are unregistered unless denoted as being registered. Before using unregistered credit ratings to make investment decisions, please carefully read 
"Explanation Regarding Unregistered Credit Ratings" (http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html). 
 
Notice to Mexican Investors: Information contained herein is not meant for the general public in Mexico. The services or products provided by or through Goldman 
Sachs Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (GS Mexico) may not be offered or sold to the general public in Mexico. You have received information herein 
exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS Mexico or any other Goldman Sachs business. The selection and engagement with any of the offered 
services or products through GS Mexico will be carried out directly by you at your own risk. Before acting to implement any chosen service or product provided by 
or through GS Mexico you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional 
advice. Information contained herein related to GS Mexico services or products, as well as any other information, shall not be considered as a product coming 
from research, nor it contains any recommendation to invest, not to invest, hold or sell any security and may not be supplied to the general public in Mexico. 
 
Notice to New Zealand Investors: When this document is disseminated in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO") , Goldman Sachs International 
("GSI"), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC") or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, is 
intended only for a person that has first satisfied; the GS entities that the person is someone:  
(i) who is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand) (the "FMC Act"); 
(ii) who meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(iii) who is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or 
(iv) is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.  
No offer to acquire the interests is being made to you in this document. Any offer will only be made in circumstances where disclosure is not required under the 
Financial Markets Conducts Act 2013 or the Financial Markets Conduct Regulations 2014. 
 
Notice to Swiss Investors: This is marketing material for financial instruments or services. The information contained in this material is for general informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an offer, solicitation, invitation or recommendation to buy or sell any financial instruments or to provide any investment 
advice or service of any kind. 
Not all services or products can be made available in Taiwan. Any particular offer of securities may not have been and may not be registered with the Securities 
and Futures Bureau, Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations and may therefore not be capable of being 


[Page 20]
20
 
sold or publicly offered in Taiwan. The Goldman Sachs companies involved in any such promotion may not maintain any licenses, authorisations or registrations in 
Taiwan. Therefore, for such securities, any subscriptions into the securities must be received in a currency foreign to, and to an account offshore, Taiwan. Any 
issue of such securities will not take effect until a valid subscription is received and accepted in accordance with the offering materials, outside Taiwan. 
 
Notice to Investors in Korea: Marquee is made available in Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Seoul Branch. 
The information contained in this document does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates in 
accordance with the Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law no. 2 of 2015), ESCA Board of Directors' Decision no. (9/r.m.) of 2016, ESCA Chairman Decision no 
3/r.m. of 2017 concerning promoting and introducing regulations or otherwise under the laws of the United Arab Emirates. Accordingly, the interests in the 
securities may not be offered to the public in the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market). This document has not 
been approved by, or filed with the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities and Commodities Authority, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the 
Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities in the United Arab Emirates. If you do not understand the contents of this 
document, you should consult with a financial advisor. This document is provided to the recipient only and should not be provided to or relied on by any other 
person. 
 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved. 
 
© Copyright 2026. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. All rights reserved. This communication may be confidential and may not be forwarded. It is intended solely for 
the use of the named recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient of this communication, please delete and destroy all copies immediately. This material was 
prepared by the Prime Services Securities Lending desk within the Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities business units and is not the product of Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research. It is not a research report and should not be construed as such. This information pertains to securities lending and borrowing activity. 
This communication is for your general information only and is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the purposes of, and to the extent it would 
otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. Neither Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, nor any of its affiliates (collectively, "GS"), is soliciting, 
recommending or encouraging any specific action based upon it. Neither this information, nor its communication to you takes into account your particular 
investment objectives, financial situation or needs. Before making any decision to act, you should consider whether this material is suitable for your particular 
circumstances and have regard to any applicable laws and regulations (including foreign laws and regulations). GS reserves the right to omit information for any 
reason from this report. GS does not represent that this material is reliable, accurate, complete and/or up-to-date and accepts no liability if it is not. Any views 
expressed in this communication are those of the individual sender except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of GS. Opinions expressed 
are current opinions only as of the date and time indicated. Any historical price(s) or value(s) are also as of the date indicated. Sources for the information 
contained in this communication may have included internal GS information or information collected from external sources. GS does not accept any responsibility 
to update any opinions or other information contained in this email. Please note that GS and/or its affiliates, officers, directors and employees, including persons 
involved in the preparation or issuance of this material, may, from time to time, have long or short positions in, buy or sell (on a principal basis or otherwise), and 
act as market maker or specialist in, the securities or derivatives (including options) thereof, and serve as a director of companies mentioned in this material. In 
addition, we may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities by any such company within the past three years. Further information on 
any of the securities mentioned in this material may be obtained upon request. Also, please be aware that Internet e-mail messages may not be secure, and may 
be intercepted, altered, delayed, deleted or otherwise affected by unauthorized persons or technical failures without the knowledge of the sender or intended 
recipient. Appropriate discretion should be exercised regarding the use, content and retransmission of e-mail messages. GS reserves the right to intercept and 
monitor the content of e-mail messages to and from its system. This information is provided by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and/or one of its affiliates and has 
been approved by Goldman Sachs International, which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
the Prudential Regulation Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, which is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufischt, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank, and Goldman Sachs International for distribution in Europe and by Goldman Sachs Canada in 
connection with its distribution in Canada. This material is distributed in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., in Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia), L.L.C, 
Seoul Branch, in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd., in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Limited (ABN 98 064 914 469), and in Singapore through 
Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte (Company number 198602165W). 
 
