[Page 1]
GS Wilson - weekly mash 18 Sep 2026
Mark Wilson  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director · Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
Fri 18 Sep 2026, 1:49pm ET
Coming off last weekend’s hysteria related to possible AI regulation, it was a mild-mannered market
reaction through this week—handily framed by King Charles’s sober Thursday meeting in Scotland with
AI leaders (Jensen even dropped the leathers and put a tie on for it).
Given how central AI investment has been to the nominal growth and equity earnings story, it is not
surprising that the market and sentiment remain highly attuned to the trajectory of AI news. However,
corporate commentary as recently as Q2 results was pretty unambiguous—and so the trajectory of rates
(and therefore oil) seems to be much more consequential in the short term.
Given the hawkish hike the Fed delivered, we’ve added an extra 25bps move in October (and don’t see
November’s election as an impediment to a second hike; they likely would be a larger impediment to an
initial hike). Nevertheless, I can’t help but get away from the idea that now is the wrong time to be most
fearful of the move higher in rates: a significant move’s already occurred, we now have hikes priced far in
excess of what we expect to realise, and the inflationary distribution of surprise possibility seems to skew
lower given the extended duration of the Iranian conflict has still not yet catalysed a supply disruption
sizeable enough for oil to break to new highs.
A few charts I’m thinking about as we continue to triangulate between stubborn inflation, higher rates and
high nominal growth—and their associated impact to equity markets:
1. The 5yr return of a 10yr US nominal bond is the worst in over 120 years … (click the chart for the link
to “The name is bond – rethinking duration in balanced portfolios”).


[Page 2]
2. Although interest expense is going up, its impact on the financials of the private sector is de minimis;
the same of course is not the case for public finances across the developed world (click the chart for the
link to “The impact of higher interest rates on equities”).


[Page 3]
3. Despite healthy equity returns, the growth in earnings has accounted for more than 100% of stock
returns.


[Page 4]
4. The breadth of equity returns has often been lost in the perpetual fascination with AI and US leadership.


[Page 5]
5. Expect equities to remain well supported by the superb nominal growth trajectory which continues to
underpin unusually strong EPS growth.


[Page 6]
6. Given the focus on the future ROI of current historic investment capex, I wonder whether investors are
prepared for the extreme narrowness of market returns that could emerge if the biggest spenders do in fact
see a substantial return ….


[Page 7]
7. But the “alpha” or stock-picking set-up remains compelling.


[Page 8]
8. The geographic breadth can still pay off, especially as European markets would be outsized
beneficiaries of an energy-price decline, and the AI investment theme remains comparatively nascent. PPC
(the Greek utility) just announced an AWS data-centre deal this week, following Google’s deal with
Fortum. There’s going to be upside to our aggressive estimates for EU data-centre investment, and stocks
are yet to price that.


[Page 9]
Have a good weekend.
Source: Mark Wilson, Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, 18 Sep 2026.
