[Page 1]
The squeeze setup
The crowd has turned aggressively bearish just as markets are finding a bid. Positioning has been cut,
fear remains elevated and volatility has been crushed. Add supportive seasonality, and the ingredients
for a painful upside squeeze are falling into place.
If the rebound gains momentum, cheap convexity may be the cleanest way to play it.
Too pessimistic
Markets are bid and firm, and a little bit of oil relief goes a long way. Tech is back in vogue. Rhetoric got
worse, multiples compressed and positioning got lighter. Now prices are going up and people are
chasing. Monday’s “pace the frontier” episode felt like the final nail in the coffin for people still trying
to hang on to the AI capex trade. Net net: overreaction, and now too pessimistic. (Privorotsky)
The NAAIM puke
The crowd has turned bearish very quickly. NAAIM’s latest move lower has been particularly
aggressive.
NAAIM
Sentiment
AAII bulls crashing and bears getting very excited. We haven’t seen a weekly swing this extreme in a
very long time. Upside squeeze imminent?
LSEG Workspace
Fear
Still in deep fear land, despite the bounce.


[Page 2]
CNN
When you put it this way
The AAII bull-bear spread has crashed. Previous collapses of this magnitude have triggered powerful
market squeezes.
LSEG Workspace
Both can't be right
AAII bears are exploding higher while the VIX is resetting hard. Can both be right?
LSEG Workspace
Just in time?
NDX seasonality is about to kick in. Taken together with the extremely bearish sentiment, this setup has
the potential to create real upside pain.


[Page 3]
Equity Clock
Use convexity
Vols have been hammered post FOMC. Realized volatility has been low for weeks, but if the latest
squeeze sees another momentum ignition, playing direction via options is attractive in our view.
Yesterday was the first day we saw the daily straddle really outperform as realized volatility came back
with a vengeance.
We also like long gamma setups given where vols are trading, especially in tech.
LSEG Workspace
© 2026 The Market Ear
