[Page 1]
 ECONOMY
September 16, 2026
September FOMC Recap—Bark Becomes Bite
By Travis M. Carr, CFA
Today, the Federal Reserve (Fed) unanimously raised the fed funds target rate range by 25 basis points (bps) to
3.75%–4.00%, its first increase since July 2023 and the first under Fed Chair Kevin Warsh. Today’s action backs up the
recent “tough on inflation” talk from Warsh, and he reinforced the message that the Committee will deliver price stability.
The Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) statement, along with Warsh’s comments during the press conference,
emphasized a strong economy with resilient domestic spending and a stable labor force, but noted that inflation remains
elevated. The addition in the statement of “today’s policy action will support a timelier return” to the Committee’s 2%
goal indicates the members believe that progress on inflation has been too slow. This was further confirmed during the
post-meeting press conference as Warsh declared, “For more than five years, inflation has been running above target.
So our predominant focus is on the price stability side of our mandate.”
The Summary of Economic Projections (SEP) included expectations for one additional quarter-point rate hike this year,
according to the median dot plot. The plot's median path projects the year-end funds rate around 4.1%, holds steady
through 2027 and shows a single cut in 2028—notably removing the 2027 cut that had been signaled in June. While
GDP and inflation forecasts edged only slightly higher on average in this meeting’s SEP compared with June, the
expected policy rate over the next two years is now some 50 bps higher. This reflects the resilience seen in the
economic data, somewhat higher inflation, and the challenging geopolitical environment driving energy and other
commodity prices higher.
During the press conference, Fed Chair Warsh avoided delineating the conditions under which the FOMC will or will not
deliver on any additional rate hikes. Warsh has repeatedly said he wants out of the forward-guidance business, but his
comments this time were consistent with the usual FOMC reaction function of the past rather than the more cryptic
statements he made in July. Fed Chair Warsh did reiterate the FOMC’s commitment to bringing inflation down to 2%.
Today was the first step in walking that walk. Expected inflation in Consumer Price Index (CPI) swaps fell 4 to 5 bps
following the policy announcement, though it remains close to year-to-date averages. 
Western Asset anticipates that inflation will decline going forward, even if not at a pace to hit the Fed’s target over the
next year. While the Fed is expected to raise policy rates further, we believe it is unlikely that rates need to go as high as
currently priced into the yield curve. Even if the Fed were to deliver two more rate hikes into 2027, our view is that it still
would be a neutral environment for US fixed-income, given current pricing. 
© Western Asset Management Company, LLC 2025. The information contained in these materials ("the materials") is intended for the exclusive use of the designated
recipient ("the recipient"). This information is proprietary and confidential and may contain commercially sensitive information, and may not be copied, reproduced or
republished, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Western Asset Management Company ("Western Asset"). 
Past performance does not predict future returns. These materials should not be deemed to be a prediction or projection of future performance. These
materials are intended for investment professionals including professional clients, eligible counterparties, and qualified investors only. 
These materials have been produced for illustrative and informational purposes only. These materials contain Western Asset's opinions and beliefs as of the date
designated on the materials; these views are subject to change and may not reflect real-time market developments and investment views. 
Third party data may be used throughout the materials, and this data is believed to be accurate to the best of Western Asset's knowledge at the time of publication, but


[Page 2]
cannot be guaranteed. These materials may also contain strategy or product awards or rankings from independent third parties or industry publications which are based on
unbiased quantitative and/or qualitative information determined independently by each third party or publication. In some cases, Western Asset may subscribe to these
third party's standard industry services or publications. These standard subscriptions and services are available to all asset managers and do not influence rankings or
awards in any way. 
Investment strategies or products discussed herein may involve a high degree of risk, including the loss of some or all capital. Investments in any products or strategies
described in these materials may be volatile, and investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept such risks. 
Unless otherwise noted, investment performance contained in these materials is reflective of a strategy composite. All other strategy data and information included in these
materials reflects a representative portfolio which is an account in the composite that Western Asset believes most closely reflects the current portfolio management style
of the strategy. Performance is not a consideration in the selection of the representative portfolio. The characteristics of the representative portfolio shown may differ from
other accounts in the composite. Information regarding the representative portfolio and the other accounts in the composite are available upon request. Statements in
these materials should not be considered investment advice. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers in the materials are for illustrative purposes
only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendation to purchase or sell such securities. Employees and/or clients of Western Asset may
have a position in the securities or issuers mentioned. 
These materials are not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal, tax, investment or other advice. The recipient should consult its own
counsel, accountant, investment, tax, and any other advisers for this advice, including economic risks and merits, related to making an investment with Western Asset. The
recipient is responsible for observing the applicable laws and regulations of their country of residence. 
Founded in 1971, Western Asset Management Company is a global fixed-income investment manager with offices in Pasadena, New York, London, Singapore, Tokyo,
Melbourne, São Paulo, Hong Kong, and Zürich. Western Asset is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. but operates autonomously. Western Asset is
comprised of six legal entities across the globe, each with distinct regional registrations: Western Asset Management Company, LLC, a registered Investment Adviser with
the Securities and Exchange Commission; Western Asset Management Company Ltda. is regulated by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários; Western Asset Management
Company Pty Ltd ABN 41 117 767 923 is the holder of the Australian Financial Services License 303160; Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. Co. Reg. No.
200007692R is a holder of a Capital Markets Services License for fund management and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; Western Asset Management
Company Ltd, a registered Financial Instruments Business Operator and regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan; and Western Asset Management Company
Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") (FRN 145930). This communication is intended for distribution to Professional Clients only if
deemed to be a financial promotion in the UK as defined by the FCA. This communication may also be intended for certain EEA countries where Western Asset has been
granted permission to do so. For the current list of the approved EEA countries please contact Western Asset at +44 (0)20 7422 3000. 
