[Page 1]
-12
-10
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
SPR, Weekly Change (MMBbls)
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-3.5%
-3.0%
-2.5%
-2.0%
-1.5%
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
Info. Tech.
Health C.
Utilities
Industrials
Cons. Stp.
Real Est.
Com. Svc.
Cons. Dis.
Materials
Financials
Energy
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
The market’s initial reaction to the Fed’s widely expected 25 bps rate hike was relatively muted. However, Warsh’s brief, but hawkish 
press conference triggered a broader repricing across asset classes. Despite a nearly 3% drop in oil prices, the policy-sensitive 2-year 
Treasury yield rose 6 bps to 4.73%, a two-year high, while the 10-year climbed back above 5%. The S&P 500 fell 0.4%, while the dollar 
gained 0.6% as markets digested the higher for longer rate outlook. That said, the hike should not alter the growth or earnings outlook. 
Thursday, September 17, 2026
Only ~400k barrels were released from the SPR last week—the slowest pace since March and a sign that stockpiles are nearing 
minimum levels required for safety. On a more positive note, US oil output has rebounded to just under 14m barrels/day, matching the 
record high set in April. Production is up ~450k bpd YoY. While every bit helps, this uplift equates to only ~5% of what’s offline in the 
Persian Gulf. Until the Strait of Hormuz reopens, the unprecedented supply deficit will need to be cushioned by demand destruction. 
Sector Performance
With Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) Drawdowns Ending, What Does It Mean For The Oil Market? 
Chair Warsh’s Press Conference Sparks Volatility Across Asset Classes
As Equities And Treasury Yields Diverge, It Marks A Shift From A Long-Standing Pattern
The Fed raised interest rates by 25 bps to 3.75%-4.00%, marking its first hike since 2023. In a hawkish press conference, chair Warsh 
pointed to a resilient economy and persistent inflation pressures as reasons for acting now to support a faster return to the Fed's 2% 
inflation target. Notably, the updated dot plot signals one additional rate hike by year-end, followed by no change in the fed funds rate 
through 2027. Overall, the projections are more consistent with a mid-cycle adjustment than the start of a prolonged tightening cycle.
The Fed Raises Rates For the First Time Since 2023—In A Unanimous 12-0 Decision
Source: FactSet
Consumer Resilience On Display As Retail Sales Top Expectations In August 
Source: EIA
Chart of the Day: Got Oil?
Retail sales rose a stronger than expected 1.2% MoM in August—the fastest increase since March—with gains in nearly every category. 
While a 3.1% jump in gasoline station sales lifted the headline figure, spending remained robust even excluding fuel. Most notably, 
control group sales climbed 1.4%, pointing to a meaningful boost for 3Q GDP growth. The report reinforces the resilience of the US 
consumer despite sentiment near record lows, though we expect spending growth to moderate from August’s very strong pace.
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
-0.4%
10.3%
7,552
0.9%
7,689
8:30am
Housing Starts (MoM)
7.3%
-12.4%
DJIA
-1.2%
7.1%
51,462
0.8%
52,325
Philadelphia Fed Index
31.5
47.4
NASDAQ 100
0.0%
14.6%
28,945
1.2%
29,598
10:00am
Pending Home Sales (MoM)
0.50%
-2.3%
Russell 2000
-0.4%
15.2%
2,859
0.9%
2,908
MSCI EAFE*
0.5%
9.9%
1949
0.9%
3198
10-Yr Yield**
1
-3.5%
5.01%
--
--
USD Index
0.6%
2.0%
100.25
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 09/16/2026)
(as of: 07:12 E.T.)
Today's  Events
The S&P 500 Equal Weight Index and 10-year Treasury yield are moving in opposite directions: on a rolling 90-day basis, they show the 
most negative correlation since 1996. For much of the 1996-2022 period, rising yields typically reflected stronger economic growth and 
earnings expectations. Today, that relationship has flipped, as investors increasingly view higher yields as a financing headwind rather 
than a signal of economic strength. Until yields begin to moderate, this dynamic could remain a near-term challenge for equities.
Last week saw the slowest 
pace of SPR drawdowns 
since March.


[Page 2]
LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. A Federal Open Market Committee meeting is a gathering of top U.S. central bank leaders to 
decide on national interest rates and the money supply. Housing starts measure the number of new residential construction projects on which 
excavation or groundbreaking has begun during a specific period. The Philadelphia Fed Index is a monthly economic indicator that measures the health 
and direction of the manufacturing sector in the Third Federal Reserve District. The Pending Home Sales Index is a monthly economic indicator created 
by the National Association of Realtors (NAR) that measures the number of residential real estate properties that are under contract to be sold but have 
not yet finished the closing process. The Retail Sales Index is an economic indicator that measures the changes in the sales volume and value of goods 
sold by retail businesses over a specific period. The S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (EWI) is an alternative version of the standard S&P 500 where every 
company is given the exact same 0.2% fixed weight instead of being sized by market value. The Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) is an emergency 
stockpile of petroleum maintained by the United States Department of Energy (DOE).
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. 
Data Source | FactSet as of 9/16/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
