[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Fed decision
17 September 2026
Fed hiked as expected and signal at least one more rate increase this
year
The Fed unanimously raised its policy rate by 25 bp to a new range of 3.75-4.00%, in line with our, the
consensus and market expectations. The decision was unanimous. FOMC members’ rate projections
were more hawkish than we expected and signal one more hike this year and the possibility of
another in 2027. Markets reacted hawkishly but with larger increases in short-term yields than in the
long-end.
Key points
Fed voted 12 – 0 for raising the policy rate by 25 bp to 3.75-4.00%
Fed expects rate increase to “support a timelier return” to the inflation target
Rate hike described as moving closer to neutral – “removing a dose of accommodation”
Median rate projections signal at least one more hike this year, supported by all but two
members
Projections and the language of Warsh set a high bar for the Fed not to hike again during
the fall, the outlook for next year is more uncertain
Projections are a challenge to our view of a single credibility boosting hike
Hawkish market reaction with a flatter curve and stronger dollar 
 
Preserving credibility
The Fed increased rates by 25 bp to a new range of 3.75-4.00%, in line with our, the consensus and the
market’s expectations. The reason for hiking, according to the statement, was to support “a timelier return
to the Committee’s 2% goal”. This suggests that the rate increase was mostly about preserving credibility
after a long period with too high inflation. 
The Fed is not done according to the projections
Warsh described the Fed’s decision as “removing a dose of accommodation”. Fed members have for some
time debated the degree of restrictiveness of current policy, but according to Warsh members now widely
share his view in Jackson Hole that financial conditions are not restrictive. FOMC members’ rate
projections – which did not include Warsh’s – suggest members think the Committee has more work to do.
According to the median projection the Fed will deliver at least one more rate increase this year and
possibly another next year (see more below).


[Page 2]
Fed decision
17 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
Upside risks to our forecast of a single hike
We changed our projection to a September hike after the August CPI inflation but believed that the Fed
would settle for a single credibility boosting hike. This view is challenged by the projections and a
continued hawkish sounding Warsh. According to Warsh there were three factors that moved the needle
for the Fed in September compared to the previous meeting in July: 1) The strong economy and the
strengthening of the labour market, 2) that inflation trends had not “passed the test” of showing
meaningful improvement and 3) geopolitics and the effects on commodity prices. Given that the main
scenario for the Fed majority appears to be to hike again in 2026, we would probably need to see either a
clear improvement in inflation or a clear disappointment for growth and the labour market to stop the Fed
from delivering another rate hike in 2026. We do not think that the Fed sees the labour market as an
inflation risk, but the fact that the labour market has remained resilient is probably seen as proof that the
economy can handle a tighter policy.   
Whether the Fed will continue to raise rates into 2027 will, we think, depend on energy prices and the risks
for indirect effects into other prices. So far, indirect effects have been relatively limited. We continue to
believe that underlying inflation trends will improve next year as temporary shocks from tariffs and
energy prices, and to some extent, on IT from the AI buildout, passes. The recent escalation of the conflict
in the Middle East is an uncertain factor, however. A continued rise in yields together with higher energy
prices will, on the other hand, act as a headwind for the economy. We continue to see it as unlikely that the
Fed will raise rates only days before midterm elections at the 27-28 October meeting. 
Trump will not be pleased, but Warsh did a better job with the market


[Page 3]
Fed decision
17 September 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
The rate decision – and the signaling in the projections – are unlikely to be well received by the White
House. At the press conference, Warsh instead highlighted the strong performance of the economy and
“an attitude of optimism” within the Fed. The decision was unanimous which makes it harder for President
Trump to single out individual members to attack. While Warsh will not please the President, he did a
better job convincing the more important audience, the bond market, about the Fed’s willingness to act. 2-
year yields increased sharply by 13 bp while 10-year yields increased by slightly less, or 7 bp, to back
above 5%. Equity markets declined and the USD strengthened to below 1.15. Rate markets are now
pricing around 50% probability for another hike in October and more than a full hike (33 bp) by December.
The market then prices at least one additional hike by next summer or in total at least three hikes. 
Rate projections: large majority see another rate hike, many see two more hikes
Warsh at the press conference continued to refuse to provide forward guidance but the rate projections
from the other 18 members clearly suggest that members do not think one hike will be enough. All but two
of the 18 believed that rates will be raised at least one more time this year, nearly half (eight out of 18
members) believe that the Fed will have to deliver a third rate increase by the end of next year. No
member forecasted more than three hikes in total, including September, however. All in all, the projections
were slightly dovish compared to market pricing ahead of the decision of three to four rate hikes in the
coming year. 
Slow rate cuts in 2028 and 2029 to above uncertain neutral rate
By 2028 members expect the Fed to resume very gradual rate cuts, taking the median rate to 3.6% by
year-end 2029. That would still be above the median estimate of the longer-run rate, which was raised
from 3.1 to 3.2%, but the large differences in views  about the longer-run among members makes it hard
to draw conclusions from this estimate. Five members still see it at 3.0%. 
Optimistic economic outlook, inflation back at target in 2029
Economic projections were nudged higher for both growth and inflation. Members also lowered their
unemployment projections further though still within the longer-run range, meaning the Fed continues to
see the labour market as being balanced. Core PCE inflation is not expected to return to target until 2029,
in line with the view that the Fed may have to tighten policy further.  
Short statement without forward guidance
The statement was once again very short and without forward guidance, with the Committee repeating
that it “will deliver price stability”. The statement otherwise highlighted the strong economy, adding in a
new paragraph that “domestic spending has been resilient”. There were no explicit mentions of supply
shocks, energy prices or the conflict in the Middle East in September (contrary to in July), but the
statement continued to highlight elevated uncertainty from “geopolitical developments”.
Sep 2026 projections (June 2026 in parentheses)


[Page 4]
Fed decision
17 September 2026
4
Macro & FICC Research
Q4, y/y, %
2026
2027
2028
2029
Longer run
GDP
2.3 (2.2)
2.4 (2.3)
2.2 (2.2)
2.1
2.0 (2.0)
Unemployment*
4.1 (4.3)
4.1 (4.3)
4.1 (4.2)
4.1
4.2 (4.2)
PCE inflation
3.7 (3.6)
2.3 (2.3)
2.1 (2.0)
2.0
2.0 (2.0)
Core PCE
3.4 (3.3)
2.5 (2.5)
2.2 (2.1)
2.0
--
Fed funds rate**
4.1 (3.8)
4.1 (3.6)
3.9 (3.4)
3.6
3.1 (3.1)
*Quarterly average, **End of period
 
Elisabet Kopelman
US Economist & Fed Watcher
elisabet.kopelman@seb.se
@EKopelman
