[Page 1]
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Central Banks Watch 
Fed Review
A hawkish hike and credibility restored 
17 September 2026 
A 25bp hike, with more to come  
Yesterday, the Fed raised rates by 25bp in a unanimous decision and delivered a hawkish message. Another 
hike by year-end appears very likely, probably in December. We expect monetary policy to remain on hold next 
year, although risks are tilted toward further tightening if energy price pressure fails to moderate. 
The Fed is back on track 
After markets gave Fed Chair Kevin Warsh the thumbs down in July, the Fed is back on track. We are now 
becoming more confident that Warsh’s Jackson Hole speech and yesterday’s action marked important steps 
towards reestablishing policy credibility and making the Fed’s reaction function more transparent. 
 
Yesterday, the Fed delivered a 25bp rate hike, raising the target range for the federal funds rate to 3.75-4.00%. The 
move was in line with our and the consensus forecast, as well as market pricing. The decision was unanimous, which 
we view as an important positive for the credibility of Chair Warsh and the FOMC more broadly. In our view, the Fed’s 
reaction function is finally becoming more transparent.  
The post-meeting statement contained only limited changes, portraying solid economic growth and a labour market 
operating at full employment, while inflation pressures remain elevated.  
Three aspects of the press conference and of the Summary of Economic Projections (SEP) contributed to a distinctly 
hawkish tone. First, we learned that Warsh's assessment at Jackson Hole that broad financial conditions were not 
restrictive was "widely shared” by the Committee.  
Second, Warsh characterised yesterday’s rate increase as "removing a dose of accommodation." This wording implies 
that the policy stance remains at least somewhat accommodative even after the latest hike and the recent, 
meaningful, upward shift in the yield curve. In other words, the FOMC agrees that current financial conditions are not 
exerting sufficient restraint on inflation. This strengthens the case for further tightening if inflation risks fail to recede.  
Third, the updated SEP showed the dot-plot shifting higher amid forecast revisions that were generally small but 
uniformly tilted in a hawkish direction. The FOMC marginally upgraded its assessment of economic growth and labour 
market conditions, while also slightly revising higher its projections for both headline and core PCE inflation. Taken 


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
2
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Central Banks Watch
17 September 2026
together, the revised forecasts and the prevalence of upside risks to inflation suggest a higher degree of inflation 
persistence and greater confidence in the economy's ability to absorb additional tightening. 
The distribution of rate projections shows that sixteen of the eighteen participants – similarly to June, Warsh did not 
submit his own dot – expect at least one additional rate hike by year-end. As for 2027, a majority of participants 
expect rates to be unchanged or lower, but eight participants envisage an additional rate increase to 4.25-4.50%.  
Adding to the hawkish tone, in the press conference Warsh sounded resolute in his commitment to bringing inflation 
under control and avoiding a broadening of inflationary pressures as the energy-driven inflation shock risks becoming 
embedded in wages, pricing behaviour and inflation expectations.  
What has changed between the July and September meetings to generate a shift in the FOMC’s view and a unanimous 
support for a rate hike? Warsh singled out three factors. First, labour-market data have pointed to an economy that 
is strengthening. Second, inflation trends have not meaningfully improved. Third, geopolitical developments have 
increased concerns about renewed energy-price pressures and the associated inflationary risks. We would add a 
fourth factor: the market reaction to the July press conference. Following that meeting, investors started to question 
whether the lack of guidance reflected uncertainty about the outlook or uncertainty about the Fed’s willingness to 
act against inflation. At the time, we argued that the longer the FOMC remained in wait-and-see mode without 
articulating a clearer view on the economic outlook and the risks surrounding its dual mandate, the greater the 
likelihood that markets would begin to test its resolve. We are now becoming more confident that Warsh’s Jackson 
Hole speech and yesterday’s unanimous vote marked important steps towards reestablishing policy credibility and 
making the Fed’s reaction function more transparent.  
Overall, the Fed is not done raising rates. Unless macroeconomic data surprise consistently to the downside and/or 
financial conditions tighten abruptly due to a shock, another 25bp hike this year seems very likely, probably in 
December. We expect this move to be followed by a prolonged period of policy rates on hold, given our view that 
underlying inflation should gradually moderate next year as the effects of the energy shock fade and disinflationary 
forces resurface. That said, risks remain skewed towards energy prices remaining higher for longer, which would raise 
pressure on the Fed to deliver additional tightening. On balance, however, the rate-hike trajectory priced in by markets 
appears overdone.  
 
 
 
 
Author 
Marco Valli, Head of Macroeconomic Analysis and Chief Economist (UniCredit, Milan), marco.valli@unicredit.eu  
 
Editor 
Edoardo Campanella, Director and Editor-in-Chief of The Investment Institute (UniCredit Milan),  
edoardo.campanella@unicredit.eu 
 
UniCredit S.p.A 
Client Solutions, Group Investment Strategy, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 4, I-20154 Milan 
www.the-investment-institute@unicredit.eu 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Central Banks Watch
17 September 2026
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Legal Notices 
Glossary 
Terms used in the report are available on our website: Our glossary. 
Marketing Communication 
This publication/video constitutes a marketing communication of UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit Bank Austria AG, Schoellerbank AG and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “UniCredit Group”) is addressed to the general public and is provided free of 
charge for information only. It does not constitute investment recommendation or consultancy activity by the UniCredit Group or, even 
less, an offer to the public of any kind nor an invitation to buy or sell securities. The information contained herein does not constitute an 
investment research or financial analysis since, in addition to the lack of content, it has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
UniCredit Group, including all its group companies may have a specific interest in relation to the issuers, financial instruments or 
transactions detailed herein. Relevant disclosures of interests and positions held by UniCredit Group are available at: Conflicts of interest. 
Any estimates and/or assessments contained in this publication represent the independent opinion of the UniCredit Group and, like all 
the information contained therein, are given in good faith on the basis of the data available at the date of publication, taken from reliable 
sources, but having a purely indicative value and subject to change at any time after publication, on the completeness, correctness and 
truthfulness of which the UniCredit Group makes no guarantees and assumes no responsibility. Interested parties must therefore carry 
out their own investment assessments in a completely autonomous and independent manner, relying exclusively on their own 
considerations of the market conditions and the information available overall, also in line with their risk profile and economic situation. 
Investment involves risk. Before any transaction in financial instruments please refer to the relevant offering documents. It should also 
be noted that:   
1. Information relating to the past performance of a financial instrument, index or investment service is not indicative of future results. 
2. If the investment is denominated in a currency other than the investor’s currency, the value of the investment can fluctuate strongly 
according to changes in exchange rates and have an undesirable effect on the profitability of the investment. 
3. Investments that offer high returns can undergo significant price fluctuations following any downgrading of creditworthiness. In the 
event of bankruptcy of the issuer, the investor may lose the entire capital. 
4. High volatility investments can be subject to sudden and significant decreases in value, being able to generate significant losses at 
the time of sale up to the entire capital invested. 
5. In the presence of extraordinary events, it may be difficult for the investor to sell or liquidate certain investments or obtain reliable 
information on their value. 
6. If the information refers to a specific tax treatment, it should be noted that the tax treatment depends on the individual situation of 
the customer and may be subject to change in the future. 
7. If the information refers to future results, it should be noted that they do not constitute a reliable indicator of these results. 
8. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss.  
The UniCredit Group cannot in any way be held responsible for facts and/or damages that may arise to anyone from the use of this 
document, including, but not limited to, damages due to losses, lost earnings or unrealised savings. The contents of the publication – 
including data, news, information, images, graphics, drawings, brands, and domain names – are owned by the UniCredit Group unless 
otherwise indicated, covered by copyright and by the industrial property law. No license or right of use is granted and therefore it is not 
allowed to reproduce its contents, in whole or in part, on any medium, copy them, publish them and use them for commercial purposes 
without prior written authorisation from UniCredit Group unless if purposes of personal use only.   E 25/1 
 
