[Page 1]
GS Mourad - post Fed what's working what's not working 17 Sep
2026
Faris Mourad  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Thu 17 Sep 2026, 4:47pm ET
In 30 minutes the Fed Chair Warsh and the Fed surprised the GS economists hawkishly with (1) a two-
hike base case: 16-2 majority projected at least one more hike this year with no dissenting votes against
yesterday’s hike, (2) the median funds rate projection remained quite elevated through 2029 with median
neutral rate dot rose from 3.06% to 3.25%, and (3) Chairman Warsh described the hike as having
“removed a dose of accommodation” three times (link).
It has been challenging for investors to position themselves against the uncertainty of the war, the
upcoming midterm election, AI decision makers slowing down the pace of AI development, and the Fed’s
decision. It is still early to tell, but so far the market seems to be appreciating a slightly less uncertain
environment.
Our view: we like going long diversified health care (GSXUHLTH) considering it is the least correlated
sector to AI, oil, and rates – the correlation is closer to zero rather than negative, while showing strong
positive earnings revisions, especially within pockets of commercial biotech (GSHLCOMB).
What’s not working? Cyclicals excluding energy, commodities, and semiconductors are underperforming
defensives (GSPUCYDE) since the summer, breaking the 200-day moving average. This is our most
frequently traded hedge in an uncertain/decelerating environment. The debasement theme is not working
similar to last year. Gold miners (GSXUGLDM) are up just as much as the S&P 500 ex AI (SPXXAI).
Around ~one year ago, we highlighted a bullish 2026 as central banks likely to continue the structural
diversification of their reserves into Gold. Also unlike last year, speculative themes with no AI exposure
such as autonomous vehicles (GSXUSELF), nuclear tech (GSXURANI), or quantum computing
(GSX1QNT1) continue to lag as AI theme reward investors more with stronger fundamentals. Housing
and consumer themes are making new lows with oil and rates higher for longer, and consumer sentiment
near five-year lows. Independent power producers and the AI Power theme are lagging other AI hardware
themes as a result of the policy noise associated with inflation of electricity prices in the US.
Where to from here? Events with binary outcomes are challenging: in a scenario where we see significant
de-escalation of the US-Iran war, we expect consumer discretionary to lead the outperformance of the


[Page 2]
broadening trade in anticipation of lower oil and rates. The homebuilders basket (GSXUBLDR) is our
favorite implementation in that scenario. Until then, we remain confident in secular themes with low
sensitivity to the current economy: AI. If the AI space continues to unwind, the momentum rotation will
continue, as we are already experiencing in the short-term 3-month momentum pair (GSPRHMO3).
Otherwise, the top performing themes this year continue to be within AI hardware (GSTMTDAT), even
though the group has experienced one of the strongest periods of pessimism since the launch of ChatGPT.
* Q2 earnings season delivered stellar results, with stocks involved in the AI infrastructure build-out
continuing to boost S&P 500 profit growth. Earnings for the hyperscalers and the AI infrastructure
companies benefiting from their capex spending increased by 54% year/year in Q2, accounting for about
50% of S&P 500 EPS growth during the quarter. However, earnings growth for the rest of the market has
also been strong and accelerating. Excluding the Energy sector profits that were boosted by higher oil
prices, the rest of the S&P 500 posted year/year EPS growth of 14%.
US WEEKLY KICKSTART - What Q2 earnings reports signaled about the state of corporate AI adoption
* Stocks involved in home construction are one of the most direct ways to express a view on long-term
interest rates within the equity market. The sensitivity of homebuilders (GSXUBLDR) to interest rates has
been relatively stable over the past few years, and the stocks have been relatively insensitive to the broad
macroeconomic growth outlook. Housing stocks have traded in lockstep with bond yields during the past
few months, underperforming the equal-weighted S&P 500 by 16 pp since June.


[Page 3]
US WEEKLY KICKSTART - The impact of higher interest rates on equities in charts
In charts – what’s not and what’s working?
Cyclicals vs Defensives ex-Energy/Commods/Semis (GSPUCYDE) 50-day moving average has
intercepted the 100-day line


[Page 4]
Gold miners
Most speculative themes


[Page 5]
Power Up America and the IPPs
China AI ADRs


[Page 6]
Alternative asset managers have not recovered similar to other companies at risk to AI disruption
Consumer inertia (GSXUSWCH) focuses on industries where customer stickiness is driven less by
product differentiation and more by the effort required to take action. Insurance, telecom, travel,
subscriptions, marketplaces, and certain fintech businesses all benefit when customers do not continuously
optimize their choices. If AI agents reduce the cost of comparison and execution, competitive dynamics
could shift meaningfully, putting pressure on pricing power, retention rates and customer lifetime value.


[Page 7]
Homebuilders…in-line with average mortgage rates
Middle-Income consumer…in line with consumer sentiment


[Page 8]
Low-Income discretionary holding up better than broader discretionary
Companies at risk to tariffs…While Democrats have opposed aspects of the administration's trade policy,
investors should be cautious about assuming meaningful tariff relief. Congressional Democrats would
have limited ability to reverse tariffs while President Trump remains in office, continues to implement
tariffs under alternative authorities following the Supreme Court’s decision to invalidate the IEEPA tariffs.
We see more risk of tariffs moving higher rather than lower between now and early 2027.


[Page 9]
Health care has shown the most resiliency to the summer volatility and has steadily outperformed the US
market ex AI
While AI themes have pulled back significantly from the highs, they continue to be the top performing
themes of the year


[Page 10]
Physical AI is trending the same way as AI Infrastructure
Our software pair continues to show a strong divergence between AI immune vs at risk


[Page 11]
Oil-sensitive equities have diverged from oil spot prices in September
Small-cap ex AI is outperforming large-cap ex AI


[Page 12]
The El Nino trade…Food inflation winners are outperforming food inflation losers
Large-cap banks have pulled back half of the 10pp highs they experience in June


[Page 13]
Brazil rate sensitive equities are expected to outperform in a lower rates environment:
A few seasonality trades are working…
Companies most overweight by active mutual funds that have underperformed year-to-date are now being
sold ahead of their fiscal year-ends (link)


[Page 14]
The quality factor outperforms during rate hikes
High beta momentum (GSPRHIMO) sold off in the summer and is rebounding in September:


[Page 15]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of 17 September 2026.
