[Page 1]
28%
49%
44%
50%
59%
66%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
One Year Ago
Six Months Ago
Three Months
Ago
One Month Ago One Week Ago
Current
Polymarket's Probability of Democrats Winning the Senate
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-2.5%
-2.0%
-1.5%
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
Energy
Industrials
Cons. Stp.
Financials
Materials
Health C.
Info. Tech.
Real Est.
Cons. Dis.
Utilities
Com. Svc.
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
With diesel’s national average at a record ~$6.50/gallon, the administration is reportedly considering a 90-day export ban. It is unclear 
whether this could be done by executive action, and any such effort would likely face legal challenges. For context, a federal ban on 
crude oil exports was lifted by Congress in 2015. If, hypothetically, diesel exports were banned, it would likely cause prices to diverge 
regionally: they might drop along the Gulf Coast (which has substantial refining capacity) but rise along the East and West coasts.  
Thursday, September 24, 2026
Democrats have a national lead of 8.6% in RealClearPolitics’ average, the highest it’s been this election cycle. Likewise, the probability 
of Democrats winning the Senate is 66%, according to Polymarket, also the highest thus far. While some of the Democrats’ recent uplift 
may reflect changes in polling methodology—shifting from registered to likely voters—the broader context is widespread affordability 
frustrations. As we have noted, pre-election rhetoric—data centers, pharma, taxes on high earners—could increase market volatility.
Sector Performance
With 40 Days Until The Midterms Democrats’ Lead Is Expanding 
As The White House Ponders A Ban On Diesel Exports, What Could It Mean For The Fuel Market? 
As Markets Price In A More Hawkish Trajectory For The Fed, Treasury Yields Set Multi-Decade Highs
ISM’s closely-watched PMI reports for September will come out early next month, but yesterday S&P Global offered a preview: US 
composite PMI rose from 56.0 in August to 58.4 in September—topping consensus expectations and marking the fastest expansion 
since July 2021. The gauges for services, manufacturing, as well as overall employment, are at post-COVID highs. On a less optimistic 
note, the report provided further evidence of inflation pressures: the input costs gauge is the highest since October 2022.
PMI Data Indicates The Fastest Expansion For The US Economy Since 2021, As Cost Pressures Intensify
Source: FactSet
Equity Resilience Is Concentrated Among AI Beneficiaries
Source: Polymarket
Chart of the Day: Senate Stakes
Amid the jump in Treasury yields, large-cap equities have mostly shrugged off the bond market weakness, with the S&P 500 sitting just 
1.2% below its record high set on August 13. However, signs of weakness are emerging beneath the surface. While AI enthusiasm has 
supported aggregate index-level performance, 9 of the 11 S&P 500 sectors are in negative territory month-to-date. Small caps (Russell 
2000) are now 7.5% below their all-time high. We expect market leadership to remain narrow until Treasury yields stabilize. 
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
-0.8%
12.6%
7,706
-0.6%
7,727
10:00am
New Home Sales
615.0k
607.0K
DJIA
-0.7%
7.2%
51,512
-0.3%
51,703
10:10am Philadelphia Reserve President Speech
--
--
NASDAQ 100
-0.9%
20.7%
30,470
-1.0%
30,449
11:00am
Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Index
--
10.0
Russell 2000
-1.8%
14.4%
2,839
-0.4%
2,849
MSCI EAFE*
-0.2%
10.5%
1960
-0.5%
3145
10-Yr Yield**
15
-4.1%
5.10%
--
--
USD Index
0.5%
2.8%
101.10
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 09/23/2026)
(as of: 07:50 E.T.)
Today's  Events
Strong PMI data, hawkish remarks from Fed Gov. Barr, and weak demand at the 5-year Treasury auction (lowest bid-to-cover since 
2018) sent yields sharply higher. The 5- and 10-year yields rose 16 and 15 bps, the largest one-day increase in over a year. Meanwhile, 
the 10-year surged to a 19-year high of 5.10% while the 30-year reached 5.40%, a level not seen since 2004. With markets pricing in ~4 
more rate hikes, we think they are overpricing what the Fed will deliver and expect yields to trend lower over the next 12 months.
Betting markets point to a roughly two-thirds probability of 
Democratic control of the Senate after the midterms. 


[Page 2]
LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. The S&P Global Composite PMI is a monthly economic indicator that measures the overall 
health of the private sector by combining data from both manufacturing and service industries. The S&P Global Manufacturing PMI is a monthly 
economic indicator that measures the economic health and direction of the manufacturing sector. The S&P Global US Services PMI is a monthly 
economic indicator that measures the business activity and economic health of the private service sector. New Residential Sales tracks the monthly 
number of newly constructed, privately owned single-family houses where a sales contract has been signed or a deposit accepted. The Federal Reserve 
Bank of Philadelphia is one of twelve regional banks in the U.S. central banking system that helps manage the nation's economy and financial 
institutions. The Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Index is a monthly regional economic indicator that measures factory activity and business sentiment 
across the Tenth Federal Reserve District. 
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. 
Data Source | FactSet as of 9/23/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
