[Page 1]
24 September 2026, 09:45 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Higher yields need not derail markets
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Vincent Heaney, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch
Leslie Falconio, Head of Taxable Fixed Income Strategy, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Giovanni Staunovo, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Video: Top of Mind in APAC | What Fed hikes mean for Asian assets
(6 mins)
Video: Mark Haefele on why the equity rally can continue (3 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why we still like Japanese equities (5 mins)
Podcast: Signal over Noise: Takeaways from Silicon Valley, on Apple
and Spotify (6 mins)
Thought of the day
US Treasuries sold off on Wednesday as higher oil prices and robust 
economic data raised expectations of faster Federal Reserve tightening, 
while a weak bond auction added to the selling pressure. The 10-year 
Treasury yield rose nearly 15 basis points to above 5.1% for the first time 
since 2007, and the S&P 500 fell 0.8%.
The S&P Global US flash composite PMI rose to 58.4 in September, marking 
a fourth consecutive month of acceleration and the strongest expansion 
in private-sector activity since July 2021. The report also pointed to 
intensifying price pressures, with input costs rising the most in nearly four 
years due to higher fuel and transport costs. Meanwhile, the USD 70bn sale 
of five-year Treasuries came in at the highest auction yield since 2006. Fed 
funds futures now imply a 70% chance of an interest rate hike in October, 
up from just below 50% a week ago, when the Fed raised its policy rate to 
3.75-4%.
But despite the rise in yields and renewed policy concerns, we think the 
investment outlook remains constructive.
Policy tightening is likely to be less aggressive than current market 
pricing suggests. While recent comments from Fed officials have been 
hawkish, our base case is for the Fed to raise interest rates in December 
before keeping them steady. The median rate projection from policymakers 
suggests a hold throughout 2027, and we expect steady disinflation 
over the next six months. Core personal consumption expenditures (PCE) 
inflation is expected to be revised down by 0.2 percentage points later this 
  
What to watch: 25 September
• Germany GfK consumer confidence for 
October
• US August durable goods orders
• US Michigan consumer sentiment for 
September
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch,
UBS AG London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Daily US
month as part of the Bureau of Economic Analysis’ annual revisions, while 
favorable base effects in the first half of next year should also weaken the 
case for a long sequence of hikes.
Higher yields are creating select opportunities in fixed income 
despite debt concerns. Concerns over government debt levels have 
partly contributed to rising bond yields this year, but high debt levels do 
not automatically imply poor investment returns. Depending on how 
governments choose to manage their debt burdens, the impact on different 
asset classes varies. We continue to view fixed income as Attractive and 
see opportunities across regions and market segments, as higher starting 
yields offer robust portfolio income. While income-focused investors may 
prefer short-maturity bonds to reduce duration risk, we also see tactical 
opportunities in medium- to long-duration high-quality bonds, as well as 
medium-tenor credit from stronger investment grade issuers.
Resilient economic activity bodes well for corporate earnings. The 
latest PMI reading reinforces our view that the US economy remains on 
solid footing, providing a favorable environment for companies to grow 
revenues and profits. With continued AI investment offering an additional 
tailwind, we forecast S&P 500 earnings growth of 25% this year and 14% 
in 2027. The earnings cycle is also strengthening globally, supported by 
structural trends and a broadening cyclical recovery. We forecast MSCI 
All Country World earnings growth of 26% this year and 14% next year, 
which should drive global equities higher over the next six to 12 months.
So, we continue to recommend positioning for further equity gains while 
diversifying and managing concentration risk. Resilient growth and robust 
earnings should help markets withstand a measured tightening cycle, 
while higher bond yields provide opportunities to add portfolio income. 
Investors can also use capital preservation strategies, broad commodities, 
and alternatives to strengthen portfolio resilience.
Caught our attention
French bond spread over Germany reaches crisis-era high. The gap 
between 10-year French and German government bond yields widened 
6 basis points to 110 basis points on Wednesday, its highest level since 
July 2012, shortly before then-European Central Bank President Mario 
Draghi pledged to do “whatever it takes” to preserve the euro amid 
concerns over the burden of sovereign debt in the region. French 10-
year yields rose 15 basis points to 4.66%, compared with a 9-basis-point 
increase in German Bund yields to 3.55%. The move came as global bond 
yields rose on stronger economic data and higher oil prices. The Eurozone 
composite purchasing managers’ index reached a three-year high of 53.1 
in September, above expectations of 51.7. The improvement in business 
activity may slow the decline in inflation and therefore raise the chances of 
a next ECB rate increase at its October policy meeting.
Our view: The broader rise in global yields provides important context, 
but the widening Franco-German spread primarily reflects concerns over 
France’s fiscal performance and next year’s presidential election. Fiscal 
deficits above 5% of GDP and a sharp rise in the cost of financing its EUR 
2.7tr in government bonds could result in further credit rating downgrades. 
Markets are pricing in fiscal concerns, with French government bonds 
trading wider than BBB rated Italian ones across the curve. As the highest-
yielding EUR government asset, we think French bonds now share Italy’s 
fate as being a high-beta asset during times of general bond market sell-
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Daily US
offs, so that the recent repricing of central bank expectations and higher 
supply of French bonds over the summer have contributed to the increase 
in spreads. That said, we do not believe a severe fiscal crisis is imminent. 
We remain positive on Eurozone equities, where improving activity and 
earnings growth should help offset the valuation effect of moderately 
higher yields.
Gold loses ground amid higher yields. Gold fell below USD 4,300/oz as 
expectations for faster Fed tightening and a firm US dollar weighed on the 
precious metal. Trading at USD 4,280/oz at the time of writing, bullion has 
fallen more than 8% over the past month.
Our view: The Fed’s hawkish hike last week and a higher-for-longer 
rate outlook remain near-term headwinds for gold and are likely to 
increase short-term volatility. But we stay constructive over the next 12 
months, supported by central bank buying, reserve diversification, elevated 
government debt, and geopolitical uncertainty. In our view, gold’s strategic 
role as a portfolio hedge and diversifier remains intact. Pullbacks toward 
USD 4,000/oz can be seen as opportunities for investors to add exposure as 
we forecast gold to move toward USD 5,400/oz by September 2027.
White House denies diesel export-ban report. The White House 
has denied a media report that it is preparing a 90-day ban on US diesel 
exports. A White House official described the report as incorrect, while 
Energy Secretary Chris Wright said no blanket ban was under consideration 
and that discussions were focused instead on voluntary ways to increase 
diesel supply. The clarification followed comments from President Donald 
Trump supporting limits on diesel exports and a Politico report that a 
temporary ban was being prepared as US retail diesel prices reached an 
all-time high this month. The US exported a record 1.6 million barrels a 
day of diesel in August, according to Kpler data cited by Reuters, helping 
supply markets strained by reduced Russian and Middle Eastern refining 
and export capacity.
Our view: An export ban could lower US diesel prices temporarily, but 
would not address the global supply constraints behind the price rise 
and could ultimately prove counterproductive. In fact, lower domestic 
diesel prices would compress refinery margins, leading them to adjust 
their product slate and reduce diesel production. Over time, this could 
tighten domestic diesel supply and offset much of the initial price relief. 
The policy could also exacerbate shortages in key importing regions, 
particularly Europe, while raising questions about the reliability of the US 
as an energy supplier. A similar refined-product export ban was considered 
in 2022 under the Biden administration but ultimately rejected due to the 
potential negative consequences. For investors, we maintain a moderately 
constructive outlook for crude oil prices given the persistent uncertainty 
in the Middle East and lower global inventories. We also favor actively 
managed, broad commodity exposure spanning energy, industrial metals, 
agriculture, and precious metals.
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Daily US
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Daily US
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
