[Page 1]
 
JPMorgan Traders Remain 'Tactically Cautious' After 
Treasury Tantrum; See 3 Key MidEast Scenarios 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 24, 2026 - 03:45 PM 
Yesterday's chaotic price action was driven by a combination of stronger macro data and 
tougher UN rhetoric which culminated in a significant increase in bond yields as the market 
appears to have had been under-pricing terminal Fed Funds levels. 
The key factors were: 
(i) the hot September PMI was the primary trigger given both hawkish headline surprise and 
input cost inflation being the largest monthly increase since 2020 (now around its highest level 
since late 2022);  
(ii) the further move higher in oil with Brent breaking $100 again ($103.59, a 4.6% increase 
today) amid escalatory rhetoric from Iran’s UN speech and no improvement in conditions around 
the Hormuz/Bab al-Mandab Strait;  
(iii) 5Y auction finished the day with a 3.20bp tail with disappointing end user demand;  
(iv) 5Y yield broke the technical level of 5%. 
The PMI prints point to an economy growing its real GDP at ~5% rate and as JPMorgan's 
Market Intel desk notes (full note available here for pro subs), while this growth is not devoid of 
inflation, this should continue to buttress SPX earnings which are tied to nominal GDP growth 
and not real GDP growth. 


[Page 2]
 
 
With consumer and corporate balance sheets in historically strong positions, it will take time (or 
significant rate hikes) to see a material slowing of the economy and thus Equity markets. 
However, the traders warn, "keep an eye on bond vol, as that tends to be the bigger headwind 
to Equities than absolute levels". 
 


[Page 3]
 
Recall that the 10Y yield averaged 6.65% for the entire decade of the 1990s and stocks still had 
substantial, positive returns. 
In terms of next steps for the market, let’s see whether the Trump / Xi meeting has any material 
impact. 
For Equities to have an unabated path higher, we will need to see stabilization in oil / yields, and 
the JPMorgan traders are thinking about 3 tactical scenarios involving US / Iran discussions this 
week: 
1.​ DEAL THIS WEEK – here look for the US to see a short squeeze rally with RTY leading 
as energy prices collapse and the yield curve bull steepens. We anticipate that EU would 
outperform the US in this scenario given its higher oil sensitivity. 
2.​ NO DEAL BUT NO ESCALATION – this is the status quo where AI / Tech lead as the US 
market becomes increasingly concentrated similar to Monday’s price action where the 
SPX nearly printed a new ATH, NDX did print a new ATH, and yet there were more 
stocks making a 52-week low than those that made a 52-week high. Here we think NDX 
> EU > SPX with yields likely range-bound in this scenario but with choppy crude prices 
choppy which trend lower. 
3.​ NO DEAL WITH ESCALATION – a return to $100/bbl oil and the 10Y yield above 5% is 
the assumption here, which would drive Equities lower, and we think that Tech / US 
would outperform on the move lower. 
Until we see any clarity, they remain Tactically Cautious, based on: 
(i) the inability for energy prices to stabilize without reversion lower;  
(ii) elevated bond vol with 10Y oscillating around 5%;  
(iii) positioning / factors not providing a clear direction.  
This week, we flag risks from both Fedspeak and the Middle East.  
On the former, Fedspeak from Fri / Sun was hawkish, repeating some of the key points from 
Warsh’s press conference which increases the risk of an additional rate hike relative to 
forecasts.  
On the latter, social media accounts are flagging changes in Trump / Netanyahu travel itinerary 
as well as a State Dept warning for the regions as insinuating another spike in kinetic action.  
Further, client conversations reveal views coalescing around a US off-ramp occurring ahead of 
any escalation so an escalation could push Equities lower, perhaps as much as 2-3% before 
finding a level. 
Finally, the traders see two paths from here: 
What would make us BULLISH: 


[Page 4]
 
Lower oil / bond yields. The bond market may coalesce around Warshspeak and that the Fed’s 
commitment is enough to contain inflation expectations and bond yields. US / Iran may return to 
the negotiating table lowering oil price, or otherwise action a move lower in crude. 
What would make us BEARISH: 
Signs that the Consumer and economy are breaking or that the AI theme has ended, which 
would likely be initiated by a capex cut. 
For now, they maintain their core view of +Tech vs. -RTY and that Tech view is a mix of Mag7, 
Memory, and Semis and would consider keeping the pair $-neutral or market neutral. 
Early in hiking cycles, we tend to see USD bid higher and the yield curve flattening, combined 
this is supportive of a move towards Secular Growth / MegaCap Tech. 
Given the likelihood of higher yields and a stronger USD, JPM thinks the US can tactically 
outperform DM. That said, the fear / uncertainty around AI may push the market into non-AI 
plays which puts LatAm in focus as a long play; specifically, they like Brazil / Latam irrespective 
of one’s views on AI. 
Professional subscribers can read the JPMorgan Market Intel note here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
