[Page 1]
 
Better Data & Energy Angst Spark Bond Bloodbath; 
Dollar Jumps, Stocks Dump 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 24, 2026 - 04:00 AM 
TL;dr: Risk books everywhere suffered a VaR shock today as Treasury yields exploded higher 
(growth surprise in PMIs), rate-hike odds spiked (energy/Fed hawk), and the energy complex 
oscillated quite notably below the surface (diesel export bans and physical tightness). Surging 
yields dragged the dollar higher, breaking gold and crypto lower as stocks started to notice the 
move in Treasuries... breadth worsening. 
 
"WTF was that!"... that was a synthesis of most of our inbounds today (some with less swearing 
involved, few with less) as much better than expected PMIs (and some energy angst) prompted 
a complete collapse in the bond market... 


[Page 2]
 
 
So let's start there... 
Bond, 'Bloodbath' Bond 
While this does not answer the question really, it does provide the narrative that the market is 
running with for now. Today's PMIs smashed expectations to five year highs, dragging US 
survey data so far above the rest of the world, it looks like an anomaly. 


[Page 3]
 
 
Commentary from S&P highlighted that “barring the spike in demand following the opening up of 
the economy after the COVID-19 lockdowns, the latest improvement in business activity is the 
greatest recorded since early 2015.” 
However, we recently noted that some of the strength in the level of business surveys could be 
a result of nominal bias, the effect of prices on survey index levels caused by respondents who 
think about shipments and orders in dollar rather than real terms... and below the surface, the 
commentary also noted a jump in supply-chain bottlenecks and prices... 
But none of the caveats mattered... US Treasury yields exploded higher today. YES, that is an 
almost 20bps spike in the 5Y yield (losses picked up speed as a 5Y auction drew surprisingly 
dim demand)... 


[Page 4]
 
 
This was the biggest jump in 10Y yields since Liberation Day and a 4 sigma spike move - just 
two weeks after a 3-sigma spike (exaggerating a dramatic VaR shock for risk books 
everywhere)... 
 
“You don’t want to step in front of the freight train today,” said Sean Simko, head of fixed-income 
investment management at SEI Investments. 


[Page 5]
 
“You’re seeing the trifecta - stronger economic data, supply pushing the five-year to levels we 
haven’t seen in years and the view that inflation is sticky globally.” 
10Y blew through 5.00%... 
 
5Y topped 5.00% for the first time since 2007... 
 
30Y Yields surged to their highest since 2004... 


[Page 6]
 
 
...and 30Y mortgage rates topped 7%... 
 
The economic data and the jump in oil prices amid the standoff in the Middle East led traders to 
boost bets on further Fed policy tightening... 


[Page 7]
 
 
And if you think the Midterms will stall that, think again... 
The history of Federal Reserve policy around midterms suggests economic conditions matter far 
more than the electoral calendar, reinforcing bets for further tightening next month. 
 
Federal Governor Michael Barr didn't help matters with his hawkish remarks, saying that further 
interest rate increases are likely needed to return inflation to the central bank’s 2% target. 


[Page 8]
 
“In my base case, further policy adjustments are likely to be needed to ensure inflation comes 
down to target in a timely fashion,” Barr said in the text of remarks he’s scheduled to deliver 
Wednesday in Chicago. 
“We want to support sustainable, durable growth in support of maximum employment, and price 
stability is crucial to that.” 
Barr’s outlook follows a string of warnings from fellow policymakers that inflation remains too 
high, stoking expectations for additional rate hikes over coming months. 
Swaps now fully reflect three quarter-point hikes over the next year, with significant hedging for 
a fourth increase. If realized, that would take the central bank’s target rate into a range of 4.75% 
to 5%. 
“Pressure is starting to build up on the short end of the yield curve,” said Christophe Boucher, 
CIO of ABN AMRO Investment Solutions.  
Today’s economic data will allow the Fed to “double down” on its hawkish stance, he said. 
Indeed, Bloomberg's Alyce Andres notes that today's bond selloff is more about real-rate 
repricing and weak duration demand than an inflation scare. 
Roughly 80%–85% of the selloff is coming from real rates with nominal 10-year yields up ~15 
bps, 10-year TIPS up 12.5 bps, and a 2 bp advance in breakevens. 
That means bond investors are pricing in some combination of a higher-for-longer Fed path; 
stronger real growth; a higher neutral rate; increased real term premium or duration 
compensation; and heavier supply and tighter global financial conditions. 
Goldman's Rich Privorotsky tended to agree on the growth aspect: 
"To me this increasingly looks like a reflection of robust growth assumptions (6% deficit + $1.5trn 
spend = a lot of paper and a lot of nominal growth).  
That remains one of the cleaner macro risks to equities… not unanchored inflation, but a 
persistently high real cost of capital." 
The bond selloff raises the stakes for the Treasury’s expanded buyback program, announced in 
mid-August after long-term yields climbed to multiyear highs that have since been exceeded. 
The second operation under the expansion, targeting debt maturing in 20 to 30 years, is set for 
Thursday. 
Benchmark 20- and 30-year yields added to their climb after the announcement that the 
buyback target - which officials previously had said would at least double to $4 billion - would be 
$6 billion, the same as the first expanded operation on Sept. 10. 
Bond vol jumped significantly today, suggesting confidence in the buyback is lacking... 


[Page 9]
 
 
And now we move on to the day's other shitshow... 
Energy 
While the roller-coaster in oil prices stole the headlines, it was chatter about a potential diesel 
export ban that was the market's big focus.  
Is The White House panicking? Retail diesel over $6.50? 


[Page 10]
 
 
As we detailed earlier, while an export ban would have short-term benefits, the asymmetry is 
clear: lower US diesel prices first, tighter global product markets follow, and potentially less US 
fuel supply later.  
Nevertheless, it appears a temporary action is being proposed and that trigger a plunge in US 
diesel futures while EU diesel futures soared... 
 


[Page 11]
 
Breant broke back above the $100 Maginot Line, and WTI bounced notably off its overnight 
lows, snapping five days of declines, as traders factored dislocations in global fuel markets and 
fresh attacks in the Strait of Hormuz amid the Iran war. 
Attacks on ships crossing Hormuz stoked some long positioning on Wednesday. The United 
Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations reported a cargo vessel on fire and adrift after being struck 
while transiting the world’s most important energy chokepoint, underscoring ongoing risks even 
as more barrels slip through the waterway on tankers with their transponders turned off. 
 
Though still elevated compared to pre-war levels, oil futures have traded within a relatively 
contained range compared to fuel as some crude barrels make it out of the Middle East. 
One more thing of note, Bloomberg reports that oil traders are paying record premiums to 
secure immediate supply at the biggest US storage hub, signaling physical markets are still 
reeling from significant tightness. 
The so-called WTI cash roll, which reflects how much extra traders are willing to pay for prompt 
delivery relative to the next month, surged above $5 a barrel for the first time on record in data 
going back to 2017, according to brokers and traders familiar with the market. The roll typically 
lasts for about three days after futures expire, allowing traders to either deliver the barrels from 
storage — or take delivery — or move a position into the next month. 


[Page 12]
 
 
The demand for immediate delivery seen in Cushing, Oklahoma, echoes tighter conditions in 
physical markets around the world, illustrating how stockpiles have been eroded after months of 
US supplying the world with barrels of last resort. Prices for various grades of crude have 
surged once again, about seven months into the Iran war, as shipments from the Middle East 
remain limited amid attacks on key infrastructure. 
Traders also attributed a huge drop off in crude flows from Canada into Cushing as a reason for 
the sudden tightness in prices. Last week, crude shipments from Canada to US fell to the lowest 
since late 2025. 
Traders have also been watching for potential progress toward an agreement that could help to 
stabilize shipping through Hormuz as diplomats gather in New York for the United Nations 
General Assembly. Trump said officials had a “very productive” meeting, even after he 
threatened to “annihilate” the Islamic Republic. More meetings are planned, he added. 
Goldman's Privorotsky remains optimistic overall (for lower oil prices): 
Diplomacy is clearly active but there is no breakthrough yet, and importantly no major new 
escalation overnight.  
The hope remains some form of temporary truce, but I’ll admit I thought we would have seen a 
little more progress by now.  
The obvious US urgency to find an off ramp may itself reduce Iran’s incentive to capitulate 
quickly on the harder demands.  
Watching Trump-XI Meeting.  


[Page 13]
 
BUT...  Polymarket now puts the probability of a direct NATO/Russia military clash by the end of 
this year at around 30%... 
That should be more worrying for European stocks but theoretically could help EU Defense. It's 
certainly not priced into EU NatGas. 
Stocks 
The rates move was the key macro driver (weighing on stocks), but, Goldman noted that the 
single-stock pain is still the agent trade. 
Small Caps were the worst performers (most rate-sensitive) but NDX, SPX amd DOW were all 
relatively ugly (still up on the week)... 
 
Small Caps weakness was also not helped by the 3rd biggest down-day for 'most shorted' 
stocks in almost a year... 


[Page 14]
 
 
The Energy sector was the one to end green today as Utes lagged (rate-sensititive) and Tech 
fumbled for a change... 
 
For the 7th day in a row (and 12th day of the last 13), the number of new NYSE lows was higher 
than the number of new NYSE highs... 


[Page 15]
 
 
That is the longest divergent streak since Liberation Day. 
Speculation that OpenAI ships its own consumer agent this week keeps the at-risk complex 
heavy, with Agentic AI Losers down again (Consumer Stickiness/Inertia stocks in this case). The 
Agentic winners leg did manage gains again but is slowing 
 


[Page 16]
 
Zuckerberg's Meta Connect keynote at 7pmET tonight and OpenAI Dev Day on 9/29 are the 
next two catalysts in focus... 
 
Derivatives tied to Nvidia  are now among the most traded in the US CDS market, as investors 
seek to hedge their exposure to the firm’s debt in the wake of June’s $25 billion bond sale. 
 


[Page 17]
 
However, after 5 days of dramatic outperformance, AI stocks underperformed the market Ex-AI 
today... 
 
 
Among the AI leaders, Neoclouds were laggards while Software and Agentic AI managed gains 
again... 
 


[Page 18]
 
Hyperscalers fade for the second day, as credit markets continued to deteriorate... 
 
As a reminder, the last sustained 5% break in yields preceded a halving of world equities... but 
that was with weak earnings and a credit bubble.  
Everything Else 
The dollar ripped higher along with yields (BBDXY at its highest since July)... 


[Page 19]
 
 
...which slammed gold back below $4300... 
 
...and bitcoin tested down to $84,000... 


[Page 20]
 
 
Finally, remember, it’s the rate of change of bond yields that matter more. 
Equities start to care when the 10yr has a 2-standard-deviation move in one month which is 
roughly 50bps, or 30bps over two weeks... 
 
It looks like we are there!!! 


[Page 21]
 
 
And Goldman's Ben Snider notes that the S&P is trading at ~19x... 
 
...so maybe yields have been working in the background. 
 
 
 
