[Page 1]
 
"Unsettling Question": Where Would Rates Be If 
Markets Were Actually Worried About Inflation 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 24, 2026 - 11:20 PM 
Yesterday was a remarkable day in global bond markets. Ten-year US Treasuries experienced 
their worst session since Liberation Day in April last year, while 5-year Treasury yields rose 
above 5% for the first time since 2007 (and today isn't looking much better with 10Y yields 
blowing out another 8bps). Given that Brent is up around 73% so far in 2026, and US CPI has 
risen from 2.4% in January to an expected 3.60% in September, anyone outside bond markets 
could be forgiven for assuming the bond market is becoming increasingly concerned about 
inflation. 
This couldn’t be further from the truth. While US 10-year nominal yields are up around 97bps so 
far this year, only around 10bps of that is due to higher breakevens. The remainder reflects 
significantly higher real yields, which are now at levels last seen in 2008. 
Indeed, as shown below in the latest Chart of the Day from DB's Jim Reid, 10-year breakevens 
have been remarkably stable for more than three years, with very little volatility to note. 
Measures of term premium have also remained range-bound over the past 18 months, 
suggesting fiscal fears have not been a major driver either. 


[Page 2]
 
 
The move must therefore largely be about policy rates and a higher neutral rate. Warsh himself 
has argued that higher 10-year yields have been driven by economic strength, competition for 
capital and geopolitical factors. In practice, as we have frequently warned, "competition for 
capital" increasingly looks like AI capex by another name. Recall that Goldman now expects 
over $420 billion in hyperscaler Investment Grade bonds to be issued next year, an amount that 
is about 60% of the total DV01 Treasury issuance in 2027! 


[Page 3]
 
 
Matt Raskin wrote a piece 10 days ago (available here for pro subs) arguing that, while the 
neutral rate had risen sharply this year, it remained within what he sees as a plausible range, 
albeit towards the higher end. With the latest move, it feels as though we are now edging close 
to that upper bound. 
Yesterday’s very strong PMIs were the latest catalyst for the selloff, and the dismal 5Y auction 
did not help. Although the moves were outsized relative to the usual reaction to the US PMIs, 
they add to a broader picture of exceptional growth momentum. The Atlanta Fed GDPNow 
estimate for Q3 is now at 5.08%, while Q3 S&P 500 earnings are likely to show around 30% 
year-on-year growth. 
Positioning may also be contributing to an overshoot. But fundamentally, the move reflects a 
combination of positive current growth news and the hawkish implications for policy and a 
higher neutral rate. The more unsettling question is: where would 10-year yields be if the bond 
market were actually worried about inflation? 
 
 
 
