[Page 1]
 
The "Good Sort" Of Bond Bloodbath? 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 24, 2026 - 03:00 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Rise in Yields Becomes More Disorderly 
Yields are rising in a more volatile way after yesterday’s jump in US PMIs. 
The aftershocks from Wednesday’s blow-out in the preliminary PMIs for September are still 
being felt, with yields two to three bps higher today, after popping up more than 10 bps after the 
data. 
Prior to the release, the bulk of the rise of longer-term yields was coming from the increase in 
short-term rate expectations. 
Some near-term pain is worth it if the rise in yields is of the “good” sort, ie one that is tightening 
financial conditions back towards neutral, and decreasing the possibility the Federal Reserve 
and the Treasury lose all control over long-term borrowing costs. 
We can argue exactly how we measure risk premia on bonds, but I prefer a simple approach 
that is real time and based on tradeable inputs. The chart below shows term premium based on 
the yield curve has steadily fallen after the Treasury’s buyback announcement and the Fed’s 
rate hike. That cushioned the rise in yields from the full impact of increasing short-term rate 
expectations. 


[Page 2]
 
 
The fall in the yield-curve derived term premium was consistent with other measures of risk 
premia in Treasuries, such as liquidity indices, based on where securities trade relative to an 
idealised yield curve, and bond volatility. 
But that took a turn yesterday.  
About half the rise in 30-year yields came from a rise in term premium. Bond volatility jumped 
and the curve steepened – these are all sides of the same coin, and are telling us the rise in 
yields has become more disorderly, attracting a greater risk premium. 
Why should stronger growth make Treasuries riskier? 
Because that growth comes on the back of a still wildly inappropriate level of fiscal spending for 
this stage in the business cycle. Since 2020, cumulative fiscal deficits are just under a 
mammoth $15 trillion – over a period where the unemployment has averaged only 4.8%. 
It is these massive fiscal deficits which have turbocharged the corporate profits that are 
supporting a propitious environment for the vast capital investment and borrowing for AI 
infrastructure responsible for such strong growth.  
Put another way, regardless of how good the tech has been, capex would not be as 
stratospheric as it now is without government’s huge pro-cyclical spending. 
And yields may not be done yet. Stepping back, Treasuries are only back to their long-term 
mean. They typically overshoot to the downside. 


[Page 3]
 
 
At some point the selloff could become reinforcing.  
The closer we get to the 5.25%-5.50% zone in the 10-year yield, the more likely it is that 
Treasuries become materially positively correlated with stocks, increasing the chance they are 
sold down more as they begin to amplify losses in portfolios rather than hedge them. 
 
