[Page 1]
GS Duttenhoefer - Duttenhoefer's Daily (25.09.2026)
Johannes Duttenhoefer  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets
25 Sep 2026
S&P -2bps @7704 (+12.5% ytd) on “positive Iran headlines vs higher yield” battle; US 10yr at 5.19%
with the biggest daily increase since liberation day; Brent $105, Gold $4269 and Bitcoin $84k; €/$ at
1.137; our High Beta Momentum basket (GSPRHIMO) gained another +1.3% and is now up 8 days in a
row; this headline helped the market yday “Tehran says hopes US returns to MoU before elections“;
Xi/Trump meet again today; Micron earnings in focus next week (Wed).
Xi-Trump meeting: minimal news so far; trade truce extended for 2 months; both sides agreed on a new
joint arrangement on trade; Xinhua news mentioned Xi hope US to insist "oppose Taiwan independence";
Xi mentioned US and China should not set up defences against each other, and should have dialogue,
prevent AI being abused and ensure human control of AI; Xi supports US and Iran to return to MOU and
maintain talks. (GS, Xinhua, BBG)
Micron: we expect persistent supply/demand tightness to drive another strong quarter with upside to Cons
and guidance; investors to focus on SCAs added in the quarter, capital return plans, supply additions and
HBM4 product trends; investor expectations remain elevated given ongoing DRAM price momentum;
raise our revenue and EPS estimates based on the latest outlook for DRAM demand and recent pricing
trends, and introduce our CY29 estimates. Link
Germany: we have hosted our yearly conference in Munich over the last 3 days; >100 companies and
>1000 participants; extremely high engagement and investor sentiment was pretty constructive; intense
debates on AI, the current macro landscape (energy, rates, consumer etc); you can find our live short sales
feedback company by company here: Day 1: Link Day 2: Link Day 3: Link
Google: plans to launch its first TPUs into orbit next week on SpaceX’s Transporter-18 mission; it´s using
a prototype satellite built with Planet Labs; test will measure whether the chips can withstand launch
forces, radiation and thermal extremes; good Google blog with several videos on their Project Suncatcher
here: Link
AI safety: Google, OpenAI and Anthropic are advancing talks on a joint AI safety standards body with a
possible launch by year-end or early 2027; set common practices for independent model testing, incident
reporting and safety commitments. Link
Iran´s parliament speaker Ghalibaf on X: “"Happy 5.1% 10Y America. Celebtrate, it’s the floor two years
out. You wanted Iran dragged back to 1970s? Nobody told you Iran isn’t for arrogant amateurs? We’ll
return you to 1970s rates, plus high gas prices, diesel shortages and bell-bottoms.” Link
Oracle (lost -3.5%yday, was even -8%): sent a ‘force majeure’ notice to Blue Owl Capital to shield itself
from potential increased costs associated with a data center project in New Mexico; should the 2.5GW


[Page 2]
data center campus (Project Jupiter) fail to come online in 2028 as planned, Oracle is seeking to delay the
payments it would have to make. Link
interesting report: our US equity strategist published a good update on the AI trade; “estimate that the
hyperscalers would need to generate annual AI revenues of roughly $300 billion in the next few years to
break even on their average annual capex investments in 2026 and 2027”; worth a look here: Link
diesel export ban: Trump admin is preparing a plan to ban exports of diesel for 90 days; U.S. fuel
producers warned that any short-term benefit would be outweighed by higher fuel prices in the future;
average price for a gallon now at $6.52 vs $2.83 a year ago.
AI in commerce: good report from our Tech analysts; we are entering the agentic AI era for the
commercial landscape; increasingly impacting and reshaping the consumer shopping journey; could
catalyze the next leg of eCommerce penetration; Agentic Payments is building off of existing
infrastructure; threat environment may scale faster than legitimate autonomous commerce; details here:
Link
GS INVITE: AI and Semi Symposium on 25th November in London (virtual day 24th November);
Minister for Artificial Intelligence (UK Government); several unicorns (Lightmatter, Proxima Fusion,
Quantware, Kraken, Blitzy, Fundamental Technologies and Aaru); Robotics AI (Simbe Robotics and
Circus AI); public companies (ASML, Nebius, AT&S, Technoprobe, Besi, Infineon, STMicro, Logitech,
Nokia, Ericsson, Aixtron, IQE, SUSS, PVA TePla, Siltronic); AI Cybersecurity (Xbow, Vega and
Cognifence); registration here: Link
Stat of the Day: we forecast EPS growth of 11% in both 2027 (to $415) and 2028 ($460), driven by solid
GDP growth and a fading tailwind from AI investment that gradually transitions into a growing boost from
AI productivity. Link
Chart of the Day: Realized hyperscaler return on invested capital has declined from 40% to 25%. Link
Source: FactSet; Goldman Sachs; past performance is no indicator for future performance.


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
