[Page 1]
Prepared by Prime Brokerage. In evaluating this material, you should know that it could have been previously provided to other clients and/or internal Goldman Sachs personnel, who could have already acted 
on it. The views or ideas expressed here are those of the desk and/or author only and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs; others at Goldman Sachs may have opinions or may express views that are 
contrary to those herein. This material is not independent advice and is not a product of Global Investment Research. This material is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the purposes of, 
and to the extent it would otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk unless specified otherwise. 
Global Banking & Markets
September 25, 2026
US Equities Weekly Rundown 
Positioning, Flows, and Observations Across the Floor 
Portfolio Manager’s Summary 
US stocks traded higher on Friday with the S&P 500 gaining +1.2% on the week, as investors have been digesting a sharp ramp up in rates, an 
evolving AI trade, and a positive set of business and consumer sentiment surveys. AI Inference Chips, Agentic AI, and Optical Networks were 
among the themes that outperformed, while Consumer Inertia, Geopolitical Risk, and Oil were among the themes that underperformed.  
 
Prime: US equities were net sold on the week, driven by long sales in Macro Products and short sales in Single Stocks. 7 of 11 sectors were net 
sold, led by Comm Svcs, Health Care, and Energy, while Info Tech and Real Estate were the most net bought. HFs continued to rotate out of Health 
Care – having net sold the sector for 6 straight weeks – and into Info Tech, which has been the most $ net bought sector for 4 consecutive weeks.  
 
Shares: META’s Muse was the focus this week, with its release causing ongoing AI agentic proliferation and spurring life back into the 
momentum trade, with our High Beta Momentum basket now on a 9-day win streak. From a flow’s perspective, Asset managers were net sellers 
on the week, with supply concentrated in consumer discretionary, comm services, tech, and health care vs small demand in macro products. 
Hedge funds were better for sale with supply in macro products, consumer discretionary, and comm services vs demand in tech and health care. 
 
Futures: Length has gotten trimmed in places. Institutions were around a historical record high net long 48% of total open interest in May of this 
year for US index products and have since reduced to 36% currently through mid-September. In S&P futures – the biggest market – institutional 
contract net length is at an above average 67% normalized historical rank but just a 14% 1-year rank. We model a reduction from CTA/systematic 
investors also, from around $145bn of global equity net length in August to around $70bn currently. As a result, the technical setup for equities 
from this risk factor is more favorable or less unfavorable than before. In the baseline scenario, we do not expect the systematic sales to continue. 
 
Derivatives: With equities positioning light, the story in vol this week was the steady addition of exposure through short-dated gamma spurred by 
enthusiasm around agentic AI. Earlier in the week, NDX experienced its 3rd largest 1m put-call skew decline on record, as well as its first record 
close since June. The lack of exposure was also felt on a sector level, specifically in AI with Muse disruption. Vol has yet to meaningfully reset 
higher, especially in names we view as positively skewed toward the AI commerce secular growth theme, and the desk likes renting further upside 
with options. Despite the dramatic spot rally in META, we continued to see clients add upside exposure throughout the week via options. 
 
Baskets: It’s time to short Non-Profitable Tech. US 10Y yields have been higher for 7 straight months, tied for the longest streak in 50 years. With 
the market at its highs, investor conversations reflect increased anxiety of what a downside scenario could be if the 10Y approached 6%. Non-
profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) tends to be the most vulnerable pocket of the equity market to higher rates, but over the last year that rates correlation 
broke down, with increased retail participation and still solid nominal growth supporting the Cyclicals vs. Defensives trade. With a 100bp+ 
expansion in the 10Y and GSXUNPTC outperforming SPX by more than 20pp over the last year, we think the setup to short is now very compelling. 
 
Sector Specialists: A highly uneven week in Healthcare with Tools legging higher again this week (GSHLCTOO now +82% since May), with the 
most tangible fundamental focus remaining on favorable commentary on near and intermediate term growth visibility from companies on the 
conference, while AI Drug Discovery themes have fully breached escape velocity in generalist/thematic-centric investor interest (in the face of 
more measured/skepticism from specialists) more recently. Persisting positioning pain in SMID biotech has remained front-and-center – where 
the macro set up worsened this week (rates, AI mindshare monopoly with Agentic focus this week, technical/calendar impacts, etc.), while 
negative bias in news flow persisting this week (ACAD -13% Thursday on Ph2 ADP miss, CLDX -11.5% Tuesday with Safety Focus Despite positive 
Ph3 CSU results, IMVT -7% Wednesday on miss in CLE though balanced by VKTX +36% Tuesday on positive SC Maintenance study. A heavy week 
for Financials (underperformed SPX by ~3%) with the market focusing on three separate dynamics: 1) implications of what an agentic economy 
means for Financials, with an acute focus around a) consumer touchpoints with financial services, and b) points of friction in consumers moving 
money. 2) The focus on agents is coinciding with greater work being done around tokenization, and what this means for US market structure, 
resulting in ‘uncertainty discounts’ beginning to creep into the traditional incumbent exchanges. 3) The rapid rise in interest rates have prompted 
a degree of caution around growth & capital markets activity, prompting heavy price action in Boutiques, Alts, CRE Brokers, and some capital 
market-heavy banks. Next week the focus will shift more towards earnings, with JEF + FDS reporting and the large banks coming ~3 weeks later. 
 
What We Are Reading and Listening to This Week 
 
US Equity Views: AI capex, required revenues, and 
what's priced in the AI trade (link) 
 
Americas Technology: Entering the Agentic AI Era for the Commerce Landscape (link) 
 
The Breaks of the Game: The Fed, US Midterms, and AI (link) 
 
 
 
Track these themes with the GS Custom Baskets Launchpad on Bloomberg: please reach out to your sales coverage and gs-gssu permissioning@gs.com 
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities data as of 25-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
S&P 500
Nasdaq 100
Russell 2000
STOXX 600
Nikkei 225
HSI
CSI 300
SPX 1-M 
Realized 
Correlation
VIX
10Y UST
US Dollar
WTI Future Gold Future
Bitcoin
Level
7,743.41
30,608.13
2,837.55
638.65
66,364.20
24,510.09
4,439.14
9.0%
14.87
5.16%
101.03
92.69
4,288.50
84,026.98
WoW Chg
1.2%
3.3%
-0.8%
0.5%
2.1%
-1.0%
-1.5%
2.3 pp
0.4%
0.17 pp
0.8%
-7.6%
-2.3%
3.6%
YTD Chg
13.1%
21.2%
14.3%
7.8%
31.8%
-4.4%
-4.1%
-2.9 pp
-0.5%
1.00 pp
2.8%
61.4%
-1.2%
-4.1%
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
AI Inference Chips
GSXUINFR
7.03%
111.50%
Commercial vs Clinical Biotech
GSPUHCVC
6.90%
4.40%
AI Semis
GSCBSMHX
6.80%
83.61%
Software Immune vs At-Risk
GSPUSFTX
6.38%
43.34%
Agentic AI
GSXUAGNT
6.31%
82.94%
AI Winners vs AI At Risk
GSPUARTI
6.12%
22.18%
Optical Networks
GSXUOPTI
6.22%
76.98%
MegaCap Tech vs Non Profitable Tech
GSPUMENP
5.62%
-22.69%
Robotics & Automation
GSXUROBO
6.02%
35.10%
Hi Growth Hi Margin vs Lo Margin
GSPUHGMP
5.51%
40.16%
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
Basket
Ticker
WoW Price Chg
YTD Price Chg
Consumer Inertia
GSXUSWCH
-4.54%
-12.91%
Software vs Semis
GSPUSOSE
-6.56%
-49.40%
Geopolitical Risk
GSXUGEOP
-4.23%
23.61%
AI Power vs AI Hardware ex-Power
GSPUAIPO
-6.45%
-53.50%
Oil
GSENOILB
-3.62%
35.43%
Oil Sensitive Pair (Hi/Lo)
GSPUOILY
-3.70%
-6.68%
Commodity Sensitive
GSXUCOMO
-3.40%
24.23%
Long Value vs Secular Growth
GSPUVLSG
-3.08%
3.10%
Global Goldminers
GSXGOLDM
-3.16%
11.40%
Domestic vs Int'l Exposure
GSPUDOIN
-2.92%
-7.72%
Macro/Thematic Baskets: Top Perfomers This week
Macro/Thematic Pairs: Top Perfomers This week
Macro/Thematic Baskets: Bottom Perfomers This week
Macro/Thematic Pairs: Bottom Perfomers This week


[Page 2]
Prime Services 
 
Vincent Lin, CFA, FRM 
   vincent.lin@gs.com 
 
Marco Laicini, PhD 
marco.laicini@gs.com 
 
Erin Tolar 
erin.tolar@gs.com 
 
Freddie Parker, CFA 
freddie.parker@gs.com 
 
Risk Exposures: US L/S Gross leverage rose +1.2 pts to 210.6% (42nd percentile one-year), while US L/S Net leverage 
decreased -1.2 pts to 48.6% (5th percentile one-year). US Fundamental long/short ratio (MV) decreased -1.5% to 1.601 (3rd 
percentile one-year). 
 
 
  
 
\ 
 
 
Trading Flows (September 18th – September 24th): US equities were net sold on the week (-1.0 SDs 1-year), driven by long sales in 
Macro Products and short sales in Single Stocks. 
• 
Macro Products (Index and ETF combined) made up 57% of the total $ net selling (-0.8 SDs 1-year), driven by long sales 
outpacing short covers (1.9 to 1). US-listed ETF shorts decreased for the first time in four weeks by -2.8%, led by covering in 
Large Cap Equity and Energy ETFs partially offset by shorting in Financials, Credit, and Health Care ETFs.  
 
• 
After three straight weeks of net buying, Single Stocks collectively were net sold this week and made up 43% of the total $ 
net selling (-0.6 SDs 1-year), driven by short sales outpacing long buys (1.5 to 1) – this week’s single stock short selling was 
the largest in three months (-2.2 SDs 1-year). 7 of 11 US sectors were net sold, led in $ terms by Comm Svcs, Health Care, 
Energy, and Staples, while Info Tech and to a lesser extent Real Estate were the most $ net bought.  
 
• 
Hedge funds net sold US Health Care stocks for a sixth straight week (-1.3 SDs 1-year), driven by risk unwinds with long 
sales far outpacing short covers (4 to 1). Some signs of capitulation are starting to emerge, in our view, as 1) on a trailing 6-
week basis, magnitude of the recent selling is one of the largest in the past decade (98th percentile), and 2) this week’s de-
grossing activity – long sales and short covers combined – is the largest since Oct ’22 and third largest in the past five years 
(99th percentile). Within Health Care, Biotech has been by far the most net sold subsector since mid-August with the group’s 
long/short ratio falling sharply to 2.84 (vs. 5-year high of 5.36 seen in Dec ’25) – the lowest level since Dec ’24 and in the 10th 
percentile on a 5-year lookback. Jon Chan published an excellent note marking-to-market the recent HC dynamics (link).   
 
• 
In contrast, Info Tech was the most $ net bought US sector for a fourth consecutive week (+0.5 SDs 1-year), driven by risk on 
flows with long buys outpacing short sales (2.2 to 1), though the pace of buying moderated vs. the prior few weeks. Semis & 
Semi Equip and to a lesser extent Tech Hardware, Storage & Peripherals were the most net bought subsectors (driven by long 
buys), while Software was the most net sold (driven by short sales). Info Tech Gross/Net allocations (as % of total US Prime 
book) now stand at 20.8%/20.4%, in the 79th/84th percentiles vs. the past year and 96th/80th percentiles vs. the past five 
years.  
Leverage
Gross %
Net %
L/S Ratio (MV)
Current
210.6
48.6
1.601
WoW Chg
1.2pt
-1.2pt
-1.5%
September MTD Chg
3.4pt
1.5pt
0.7%
2026 YTD Chg
-7.9pt
-6.2pt
-4.2%
2025 Chg
21.9pt
0.9pt
-4.9%
Current 1-Yr Percentile
42%
5%
3%
Current 3-Yr Percentile
71%
7%
6%
Current 5-Yr Percentile
83%
9%
4%
US Fundamental L/S (Asset Weighted)
Gross Leverage (%)   Net Leverage (%, right)
US Fundamental L/S: Gross vs Net Leverage
160
170
180
190
200
210
220
230
37.5
40
42.5
45
47.5
50
52.5
55
57.5
60
62.5
65
67.5
70
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
US Fundamental L/S: Long/Short Ratio (MV)
1.5
1.6
1.7
1.8
1.9
2
2.1
2.2
2.3
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026


[Page 3]
 v 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source for all graphs and tables: Goldman Sachs FICC, Equities, and Prime Services data as of 25-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative 
of future results.  
 
Trailing 6-Week Net Flow   
6-Week Ending September 24th
Prime Book: US Health Care (Positive Value = Net Buying)
% of Sector Gross Market Value
-5%
-4%
-3%
-2%
-1%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
8%
9%
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
Biotech (left)   XBI Price (right)
Prime Book US Long/Short Ratio (MV)
Long/Short Ratio (MV)
XBI Price
2.5
2.75
3
3.25
3.5
3.75
4
4.25
4.5
4.75
5
5.25
5.5
60
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
140
150
160
170
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
Jan
Jul
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Long Flow   Short Flow   Net Flow
Prime Book: US Equities (Positive Value = Long Buy or Short Cover)
% of Total US Gross MV at Start of 2026
-14%
-12%
-10%
-8%
-6%
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
2026
Single Stocks   Macro Products (Index + ETF)
Prime Book US Net Trading Flow (Positive Value = Buying)
% of Total US Gross MV at Start of 2026
-5%
-4.5%
-4%
-3.5%
-3%
-2.5%
-2%
-1.5%
-1%
-0.5%
0%
0.5%
1%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
2026
TMT   Consumer Disc   Cyclicals   Defensives
Prime Book US Net Trading Flow (Positive Value = Buying)
% of Total US Gross MV at Start of 2026
-4%
-3.5%
-3%
-2.5%
-2%
-1.5%
-1%
-0.5%
0%
0.5%
1%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
2026
-3.0
-2.5
-2.0
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
Standard Deviations (1-Year)
Prime Book: Cumulative US Net Trading Flow
5-day
20-day
BUYING
SELLING


[Page 4]
US Shares Sales Trading 
 
        Ariana Contessa 
  ariana.contessa@gs.com 
 
     Matthew Kaplan, CFA 
matthew.kaplan@gs.com 
 
      Chloe Garber 
chloe.garber@gs.com 
       
 
Mitch Jeter 
mitch.jeter@gs.com 
 
Strong end to the week for US equities with indices finishing in the green and SPX closing 71bps from the ATHs despite 
multiple competing forces behind the scenes, with the Meta Muse AI wave, continued US-Iran tensions, and rising yields 
all top of mind; on the week SPX +1.21% // NDX + 3.25% // R2K -0.68%. On the macro front, headline roulette continued 
with debate around the Strait of Hormuz dominating sentiment this week. Friday, The New York Times reported Iran 
proposed a conditional plan to reopen the Strait of Hormuz within seven days and resume nuclear talks, providing some 
late week relief. Importantly, the US-China trade truce was extended by two months as President Xi Jinping arrived in 
Washington for his first state visit in eleven years, a positive geopolitical signal that provided some support to risk assets 
mid-week. A continued surge in oil prices along with hot flash Sept PMIs pushed yields through post-2007 highs. The 30-
year Treasury yield hit its highest since 2004 on Thursday before partially recovering Friday as oil retreated. Post FOMC 
decision last week, we have exited the blackout period and heard hawkish commentary from a number of different 
officials this week: "further policy adjustments are likely to be needed to ensure inflation returns to target in a timely 
fashion” (Barr) // "We still haven't fixed the inflation issue. We're into more than five years of inflation above target" 
(Schmid) // "not that much" had changed in the inflation trajectory, which was "precisely the issue" (Barkin). 
On the micro front, META’s Muse the focus this week, with its release causing ongoing AI agentic proliferation (Consumer 
Inertia Basket -GSXUSWCH -4.54% on the week). META shares surged ~11% on Monday, their best single day since April 
2025, as Muse topped both the US Apple App Store and Google Play charts, with over 902,000 downloads in its first six 
days. These positive headlines have spurred life back into the momentum trade with our High Beta Momentum basket 
now on a 9-day win streak, finishing +6.61% on the week. 
From a flow’s perspective, Asset managers were net sellers on the week, with supply concentrated in consumer 
discretionary, communication services, tech, and health care vs small demand in macro products. Hedge funds were 
better for sale with supply in macro products, consumer discretionary, and communication services vs demand in tech 
and health care. 
Looking ahead to next week: S&P implied move through next Friday (10/2) is 1.27%. Busy week of macro + AI catalysts 
with investors closely watching Open AI’s Dev Day on Tuesday & MU earnings Friday. On the Macro front, handful of US 
data for the market to digest (PCE Wed, ISM Manf Thurs, and NFP Fri). Reminder, following this week’s PMI data, market 
currently pricing in 66% odds of an Oct Hike (vs 53% last Friday). On the micro front, outside of MU earnings watching a 
handful of investor days (MDB, ALK Tues; SNPS, CI, HPE Wed) and NKE earnings Thurs. 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities as of 25-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
 
 


[Page 5]
Futures Sales Trading and Strategies 
 
        Robert Quinn 
  robert.quinn@gs.com 
 
     Paul Leyzerovich 
paul.leyzerovich@gs.com 
 
      Mason Fennelly 
mason.fennelly@gs.com 
       
 
Emily Robosson 
emily.robosson@gs.com 
 
Length has gotten trimmed in places. Institutions were around a historical record high net long 48% of total open interest 
in May of this year for US index products, and have since reduced to 36% currently through mid-September. While still 
clearly long, it is not as large as before. In S&P futures – the biggest market – institutional contract net length is at an 
above average 67% normalized historical rank, but just a 14% 1-yr rank or not far from 1-yr lows. We model a reduction 
from CTA/systematic investors also, from $145bn of global equity net length in August to around $70bn currently. As a 
result, the technical setup for equities from this risk factor is more favorable or less unfavorable than before. In the 
baseline scenario, we do not expect the systematic sales to continue. As of midweek, while CTA had sold nearly $75bn of 
global equity in the previous 1 month, our expectations in the current setup for the next 1 month are for nearly $25bn of 
buying. This is shown in Chart 2 below, with the conditional up/down scenarios as usual. 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Futures Strats Group as of September 2026 
Past performance is not indicative of future results 
The second chart is simulated information and the history shown uses backtesting. The simulated results are for illustrative purposes 
only. GS provides no assurance or guarantee that the strategy will operate or would have operated in the past in a manner consistent with 
the above analysis. Past performance figures are not a reliable indicator of future results. Backtesting analysis is for illustrative purposes 
only. GS provides no assurance or guarantee that the strategy will operate or would have operated in the past in a manner consistent with 
the above backtesting analysis. Backtested and/or past performance figures are not a reliable indicator of future results. Backtested data 
is backtested over the entire range shown. 


[Page 6]
   Derivatives Sales Trading 
 
Erin Briggs 
erin.brigg@gs.com 
 
 Brian Garrett 
 brian.garrett@gs.com 
 
    Lee Coppersmith 
   lee.coppersmith@gs.com 
 
      Cullen Morgan 
cullen.morgan@gs.com 
 
      Gail Hafif 
gail.hafif@gs.com 
      
       Robbie Stankard 
robbie.stankard@gs.com 
 
 
With equities positioning light, the story in vol this week was the steady addition of exposure through short-dated 
gamma spurred by enthusiasm around agentic AI. Earlier in the week, NDX experienced its 3rd largest 1m put-call skew 
decline on record, as well as its first record close since June. The chase was evident in the call wing as the 5-day 
average of 5d calls to 25d calls reached right around the highs on a 3y lookback. 
 
 
With rates and oil still being the major worries on the macro front, we saw investors turn to IWM short-dated optionality 
as a hedge with 1m implied vol sitting in the 15th percentile on a 3y lookback and strong correlation to TLT.  
As the week progressed, we saw clients entertain taking the other side as the trade got increasingly crowded, and we 
saw several notable utilities prints, particularly XLU short-dated upside, to close out the week.  
 


[Page 7]
 
The lack of exposure was also felt on a sector level, specifically in AI with Muse disruption. Vol has yet to meaningfully 
reset higher, especially in names we view as positively skewed toward the AI commerce secular growth theme, and the 
desk likes renting further upside with options. Despite the dramatic spot rally in META, we continued to see clients add 
upside exposure throughout the week via options.  
 
 


[Page 8]
Dealers remain in a long pocket gamma, getting longer on moves higher and shedding a bit of gamma on selloffs. 
Heading into month end, our pension model estimates $32bn of US equities to sell … $10bn monthly + $22bn quarterly. 
This ranks in the 95th percentile amongst all buy and sell estimates in absolute dollar value over the past three years 
and in the 97th percentile going back to Jan 2000. 
 
 
 
Source for all charts: Bloomberg, GS FICC and Equities as of 25-Sep-26, past performance not indicative of future results. All references to 
“we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk.  
 
 
 


[Page 9]
Thematic Baskets and Macro Observations 
 
     Louis Miller 
louis.miller@gs.com 
 
     Faris Mourad 
faris.mourad@gs.com 
 
      Guillaume Soria 
guillaume.soria @gs.com 
 
      Julia Masch  
 julia.masch@gs.com 
 
      Shreya Ghaie 
Shreya.Ghaie@gs.com 
 
It’s time to short Non-Profitable Tech. US 10Y yields have been higher for 7 months in a row, inclusive of September, tied 
for the longest streak in 50 years. With the equity market at its highs, investor conversations reflect increased anxiety of 
what a downside scenario could be if the 10Y approached 6%. Non-profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) tends to be the most 
vulnerable pocket of the equity market to higher rates, but over the last year that rates correlation broke down, with 
increased retail participation and still solid nominal growth supporting the Cyclicals vs. Defensives trade. With a 100bp+ 
expansion in the 10Y and GSXUNPTC outperforming SPX by more than 20pp over the last year, we think the setup to short 
is now very compelling. The basket has started to underperform the market this month (-11.8%) and we note a sharp 
decline in retail participation YTD.  
 
Non-Profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) tends to be the most vulnerable pocket to higher rates and performance is starting to 
break as we breach 100bp+  
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of Sep 2026, past performance is not indicative of future returns. 
 
 


[Page 10]
Sector Specialists Highlights 
 
     Peter Callahan 
peter.callahan@gs.com 
 
       Scott Feiler 
scott.feiler@gs.com 
 
      Jonathan Chan 
jonathan.chan@gs.com 
 
      Christian DeGrasse  
 christian.m.degrasse@gs.com 
 
      Ryan Novak 
 ryan.novak@gs.com 
      
      Adam Wijaya 
adam.x.wijaya@gs.com 
 
Financials & Real Estate (Christian DeGrasse) 
A heavy week for Financials (underperformed SPX by ~3%) with the market focusing on three separate dynamics, 1) 
implications of what an agentic economy means for Financials, with an acute focus around a) consumer touchpoints with 
financial services, and b) points of friction in consumers moving money. The focus on agents is coinciding with greater work 
being done around 2) tokenization, and what this means for US market structure, resulting in ‘uncertainty discounts’ beginning to 
creep into the traditional incumbent exchanges, lastly 3) the rapid rise in interest rates have prompted a degree of 
caution/concern around growth & capital markets activity, prompting heavy price action in Boutiques, Alts, CRE Brokers, and 
some capital market-heavy banks. Next week the focus will shift more towards earnings, with JEF and FDS reporting next week 
and the large banks coming ~3 weeks later. 
 
Healthcare (Jon Chan) 
A highly uneven week in healthcare with Tools legging higher again this week (GSHLCTOO now +82% since May), with the most 
tangible fundamental focus remaining on favorable commentary on near and intermediate term growth visibility from 
companies on the conference, while AI Drug Discovery themes have fully breached escape velocity in generalist/thematic-
centric investor interest (in the face of more measured/skepticism from specialists) more recently. Persisting positioning pain in 
SMID biotech has remained front-and-center – where the macro set up worsened this week (rates, AI mindshare monopoly with 
Agentic focus this week, technical/calendar impacts, etc.), while negative bias in news flow persisting this week (ACAD -13% 
Thursday on Ph2 ADP miss, CLDX -11.5% Tuesday with Safety Focus Despite positive Ph3 CSU results, IMVT -7% Wednesday on 
miss in CLE though balanced by VKTX +36% Tuesday on positive SC Maintenance study. Managed Care also saw a late-in-the-
week bounce, HUM, CVS +5% Friday, catalyzed by an upgrade of the former away from us. Upcoming STARs results have 
remained the near-term event – which has been among recent overhangs (i.e. STARs, rising Dem sweep odds, Hospitals v. MCO 
positioning unwinds, etc.) that initially accelerated earlier in the month around the release of cut points, despite most companies 
(ex ALHC) mostly sounding constructively around 3Q utilization/MLR trends. Past precedent would suggest STARs outcome 
would be released the back-half of the second week of October – with the vol surface in HUM showing an ~8 vol kink that week 
for context – though some focus on the potential for an earlier release (i.e. via Plan Finder) could be a possibility.  
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities as of 25-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 


[Page 11]
11
 
Disclaimers 
 
Conflict of Interest Disclosure: We are a full-service, integrated corporate advisory, investment management, and brokerage firm. The professionals who prepared 
this material are paid in part based on the profitability of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., which includes earnings from the firm's trading, capital markets, 
corporate advisory and other business. They, along with other salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or 
trading strategies to our clients that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed herein or the opinions expressed in research reports issued by our 
Research Departments, and our market making, investing and lending businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the views expressed 
herein. In addition, the professionals who prepared this material may also produce material for, and from time to time, may advise or otherwise be part of our 
trading desks that trade as principal in the securities mentioned in this material. This material is therefore not independent from our interests, which may conflict 
with your interests. We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees, including persons involved in the preparation or issuance of this material, may from 
time to time have "long" or "short" positions in, act as principal in, and buy or sell the securities or derivatives (including options) thereof in, and act as market 
maker or specialist in, and serve as a director of, companies mentioned in this material. In addition, we may have served as manager or co manager of a public 
offering of securities by any such company within the past three years 
 
See www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/sales-and-trading-invest-rec-disclosures.html for the relevant competent authority and other important disclosures for 
the production of this investment recommendation. If you are not accessing this material via Marquee ContentStream, a list of the author's investment 
recommendations disseminated during the preceding 12 months and the proportion of the author's recommendations that are 'buy', 'hold', 'sell' or other over the 
previous 12 months is available by logging into Marquee ContentStream using the link below. Alternatively, if you do not have access to Marquee ContentStream, 
please contact your usual GS representative who will be able to provide this information to you. 
Certain information included in the Information relies on data from external vendors; Goldman Sachs has not verified such information. Your data may be used 
along with other client's data on an aggregate and anonymized basis to populate the Information. However, not all clients that use Goldman Sachs as a prime 
broker are necessarily included in the data set. Additionally, certain data points may not populate if there too few clients' positions that make up such data points. 
Data utilized in the Information may be derived from a subset of aggregated GS client positions and/or trade activity as well as firm positions and activity. GS 
makes no representation that this data is inclusive of all positions or activity known to GS and this data should not be relied upon as a full view of market or GS 
activity/positions. 
 
Order Handling Practices for Listed and Over-the-Counter Derivatives: While the firm is holding your derivative (e.g. options, convertible bonds, warrants or 
preferred shares) order, the firm or its clients may engage in trading activity in the same or related products, including transactions in the underlying securities. 
While such trading activity is unrelated to your order, it may coincidentally impact the price of the derivative that you are buying or selling. 
 
Special Risk Disclosure related to Exchange-Traded Funds ("ETFs") and Exchange-Traded Notes ("ETNs"): To the extent this communication contains information 
pertaining to ETFs or ETNs, consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of the ETFs and ETNs carefully before investing. Each U.S. 
Registered ETF and ETN has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC which contains this and other information about the ETF or ETN 
as applicable. Before you invest in an ETF or ETN, you should obtain and read carefully the prospectus in the registration statement and other documents the 
issuer has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the product. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website 
at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, you may obtain a copy of the prospectus for each of the ETFs and ETNs mentioned in these materials by (i) contacting your 
Goldman Sachs sales representative, or (ii) sending a request by calling toll-free 1-866-471-2526, or (iii) sending a request by email to Prospectus-
ny@ny.email.gs.com, by fax to (212) 902-9316, or by mail to Goldman Sachs, 200 West Street, NY, NY 10282, Attn: Prospectus Department. ETFs are redeemable 
only in Creation Unit size aggregations and may not be individually redeemed; are redeemable only through Authorized Participants; and are redeemable on an "in-
kind" basis. The public trading price of a redeemable lot of the ETFs may be different from its net asset value. These ETFs can trade at a discount or premium to 
the net asset value. There is always a fundamental risk of declining stock prices, which can cause losses to your investment. Some leveraged and inverse ETFs 
and ETNs "reset" daily, meaning that they are designed to achieve their stated objectives on a daily basis. They will therefore realize each day a loss or a gain 
which is a multiple (for leveraged ETFs and ETNs) or the inverse (for inverse ETFs and ETNs) of the performance on that day of their underlying index or 
benchmark. For this reason, if they are held for a period longer than one day, their performance over such longer periods of time can differ significantly from the 
stated multiple of the performance (or the inverse of the performance) of their underlying index or benchmark during the same period of time. This effect can be 
magnified in volatile markets. Prior to entering into a transaction in leveraged or inverse ETFs, you should be aware of the general risks associated with such 
transactions. You should not enter into leveraged or inverse ETFs transactions unless you understand the nature and extent of your risk exposure. You should also 
be satisfied that the leveraged or inverse ETFs transaction is appropriate for you in light of your circumstances and financial condition. ETFs and ETNs that are 
linked to commodity futures do not offer direct exposure to the commodity's spot price, and may perform differently than the spot price for the commodity itself. 
Performance differential can be magnified if a specific condition persists in the market for a commodity that creates a disparity between near-term future prices 
and long-term future prices and may lead to unexpected performance results. Other factors, such as roll yield, transaction costs, management fees, and taxes may 
cause deviation in performance between the spot price of a commodity and commodity futures. You should not assume that an ETF or ETN that is linked to 
commodity futures will provide an effective hedge because of a negative correlation with equities or other asset classes. You should always be aware of the 
general risks associated with investing in the commodities market and the futures market before investing in an ETF or ETN that is linked to commodity futures. 
 
OTC Derivatives Risk Disclosures:  
Terms of the Transaction: To understand clearly the terms and conditions of any OTC derivative transaction you may enter into, you should carefully review the 
Master Agreement, including any related schedules, credit support documents, addenda and exhibits. You should not enter into OTC derivative transactions unless 
you understand the terms of the transaction you are entering into as well as the nature and extent of your risk exposure. You should also be satisfied that the OTC 
derivative transaction is appropriate for you in light of your circumstances and financial condition. You may be requested to post margin or collateral to support 
written OTC derivatives at levels consistent with the internal policies of Goldman Sachs.  
 
Liquidity Risk: There is no public market for OTC derivative transactions and, therefore, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate an existing position on 
favorable terms. Transfer Restrictions: OTC derivative transactions entered into with one or more affiliates of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Goldman Sachs) 
cannot be assigned or otherwise transferred without its prior written consent and, therefore, it may be impossible for you to transfer any OTC derivative transaction 
to a third party.  
 
Conflict of Interests: Goldman Sachs may from time to time be an active participant on both sides of the market for the underlying securities, commodities, 
futures, options or any other derivative or instrument identical or related to those mentioned herein (together, "the Product"). Goldman Sachs at any time may have 
long or short positions in, or buy and sell Products (on a principal basis or otherwise) identical or related to those mentioned herein. Goldman Sachs hedging and 
trading activities may affect the value of the Products.  
 
Counterparty Credit Risk: Because Goldman Sachs, may be obligated to make substantial payments to you as a condition of an OTC derivative transaction, you 
must evaluate the credit risk of doing business with Goldman Sachs or its affiliates.  
 
Pricing and Valuation: The price of each OTC derivative transaction is individually negotiated between Goldman Sachs and each counterparty and Goldman Sachs 
does not represent or warrant that the prices for which it offers OTC derivative transactions are the best prices available, possibly making it difficult for you to 
establish what is a fair price for a particular OTC derivative transaction; The value or quoted price of the Product at any time, however, will reflect many factors and 
cannot be predicted. If Goldman Sachs makes a market in the offered Product, the price quoted by Goldman Sachs would reflect any changes in market conditions 


[Page 12]
12
 
and other relevant factors, and the quoted price (and the value of the Product that Goldman Sachs will use for account statements or otherwise) could be higher or 
lower than the original price, and may be higher or lower than the value of the Product as determined by reference to pricing models used by Goldman Sachs. If at 
any time a third party dealer quotes a price to purchase the Product or otherwise values the Product, that price may be significantly different (higher or lower) than 
any price quoted by Goldman Sachs. Furthermore, if you sell the Product, you will likely be charged a commission for secondary market transactions, or the price 
will likely reflect a dealer discount. Goldman Sachs may conduct market making activities in the Product. To the extent Goldman Sachs makes a market, any price 
quoted for the OTC derivative transactions, Goldman Sachs may differ significantly from (i) their value determined by reference to Goldman Sachs pricing models 
and (ii) any price quoted by a third party. The market price of the OTC derivative transaction may be influenced by many unpredictable factors, including economic 
conditions, the creditworthiness of Goldman Sachs, the value of any underlyers, and certain actions taken by Goldman Sachs.  
 
Market Making, Investing and Lending: Goldman Sachs engages in market making, investing and lending businesses for its own account and the accounts of its 
affiliates in the same or similar instruments underlying OTC derivative transactions (including such trading as Goldman Sachs deems appropriate in its sole 
discretion to hedge its market risk in any OTC derivative transaction whether between Goldman Sachs and you or with third parties) and such trading may affect 
the value of an OTC derivative transaction.  
 
Early Termination Payments: The provisions of an OTC Derivative Transaction may allow for early termination and, in such cases, either you or Goldman Sachs 
may be required to make a potentially significant termination payment depending upon whether the OTC Derivative Transaction is in-the-money to Goldman Sachs 
or you at the time of termination. Indexes: Goldman Sachs does not warrant, and takes no responsibility for, the structure, method of computation or publication of 
any currency exchange rates, interest rates, indexes of such rates, or credit, equity or other indexes, unless Goldman Sachs specifically advises you otherwise. 
 
Risk Disclosure Regarding futures, options, equity swaps, and other derivatives as well as non-investment-grade securities and ADRs: Please ensure that you 
have read and understood the current options, futures and security futures disclosure document before entering into any such transactions. Current United States 
listed options, futures and security futures disclosure documents are available from our sales representatives or at 
http://www.theocc.com/components/docs/riskstoc.pdf,  http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclosures/risk-disclosure-for-futures.pdf and 
https://www.nfa.futures.org/investors/investor-resources/files/security-futures-disclosure.pdf, respectively. Certain transactions - including those involving 
futures, options, equity swaps, and other derivatives as well as non-investment-grade securities - give rise to substantial risk and are not available to nor suitable 
for all investors. If you have any questions about whether you are eligible to enter into these transactions with Goldman Sachs, please contact your sales 
representative. Foreign-currency-denominated securities are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that could have an adverse effect on the value or price of, or 
income derived from, the investment. In addition, investors in securities such as ADRs, the values of which are influenced by foreign currencies, effectively assume 
currency risk. 
 
Options Risk Disclosures: Options may trade at a value other than that which may be inferred from the current levels of interest rates, dividends (if applicable) and 
the underlier due to other factors including, but not limited to, expectations of future levels of interest rates, future levels of dividends and the volatility of the 
underlier at any time prior to maturity. Note: Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. Please ensure that you have read and understood the current 
options disclosure document before entering into any standardized options transactions. United States listed options disclosure documents are available from our 
sales representatives or at http://theocc.com/publications/risks/riskstoc.pdf. A secondary market may not be available for all options. Transaction costs may be 
a significant factor in option strategies calling for multiple purchases and sales of options, such as spreads. When purchasing long options an investor may lose 
their entire investment and when selling uncovered options the risk is potentially unlimited. Supporting documentation for any comparisons, recommendations, 
statistics, technical data, or other similar information will be supplied upon request. 
 
This material is for your private information and does not constitute an offer or invitation to enter into any transaction or agreement. This material has been issued 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and/or one of its affiliates and has been approved by Goldman Sachs International, which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom, and 
by Goldman Sachs Canada in connection with its distribution in Canada. This material is distributed in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd., and in Singapore through Goldman Sachs (Singapore)Pte. Neither Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC nor its representative in Seoul, Korea, 
is licensed to engage in the securities business in the Republic of Korea. Transactions in futures and options give rise to substantial risk and are note suitable for 
all investors. This material may contain, or otherwise be based upon, information we received from third party sources. Where this is the case, we do not represent 
that such information is accurate or complete, and we are not responsible for errors or omissions in such information. Any opinions expressed in this material are 
our present opinions only. 
 
Please refer to https://marquee.gs.com/studio/ for price information of corporate equity securities. 
 
This material is for the private information of the recipient only. This material is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by any sponsor or provider of an index 
referred herein (each, an "Index Provider"). GS does not have any affiliation with or control over the Index Providers or any control over the computation, 
composition or dissemination of the indices. While GS will obtain information from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, GS shall have no liability, contingent or otherwise, to the user or to third parties, for the quality, accuracy, timeliness, continued availability 
or completeness of the data nor for any special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages which may be incurred or experienced because of the use of the 
data made available herein, even if GS has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
 
Notice to Australian Investors: When this document is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO"), Goldman Sachs International ("GSI"), 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC"), or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, is 
intended only for a person that has first satisfied the GS entities that:  
• the person is a Sophisticated or Professional Investor for the purposes of section 708 of the Corporations Act of Australia; and  
• the person is a wholesale client for the purpose of section 761G of the Corporations Act of Australia.  
To the extent that the GS entities are providing a financial service in Australia, the GS entities are each exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial 
services licence for the financial services they provide in Australia. Each of the GS entities are regulated by a foreign regulator under foreign laws which differ from 
Australian laws, specifically:  
• GSCO is regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission under US laws; 
• GSI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, under UK laws; 
• GSALLC is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission under Hong Kong laws; and 
• GSSP is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under Singapore laws. 
 
Notice to Brazilian Investors 
Marquee is not meant for the general public in Brazil. The services or products provided by or through Marquee, at any time, may not be offered or sold to the 
general public in Brazil. You have received a password granting access to Marquee exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS business located in 
Brazil. The selection and engagement with any of the offered services or products through Marquee, at any time, will be carried out directly by you. Before acting to 
implement any chosen service or products, provided by or through Marquee you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular 
circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional advice. Any steps necessary in order to implement the chosen service or product, including but not limited to 
remittance of funds, shall be carried out at your discretion. Accordingly, such services and products have not been and will not be publicly issued, placed, 
distributed, offered or negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets and, as a result, they have not been and will not be registered with the Brazilian Securities and 


[Page 13]
13
 
Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários), nor have they been submitted to the foregoing agency for approval. Documents relating to such 
services or products, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the general public in Brazil, as the offering of such services or products 
is not a public offering in Brazil, nor used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of securities to the general public in Brazil. 
 
The offer of any securities mentioned in this message may not be made to the general public in Brazil. Accordingly, any such securities have not been nor will they 
be registered with the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (Comissão de Valores Mobiliários) nor has any offer been submitted to the foregoing agency 
for approval. Documents relating to the offer, as well as the information contained therein, may not be supplied to the public in Brazil, as the offer is not a public 
offering of securities in Brazil. These terms will apply on every access to Marquee. 
 
Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 0800 380 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. 
Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h. Canal de Denúncias: 0800 047 4065 e/ou Formulário eletrônico: 
https://gs.tnwreports.com/ 
Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 380 5764 and/or contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. 
Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Business Integrity Issues Channel: 0800 047 4065 and/or Web Form: https://gs.tnwreports.com/ 
  
Please note that none of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates including Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC maintains any licenses, authorisations or registrations in the 
People's Republic of China ("PRC") nor are the funds discussed in this material registered in the PRC. 
 
The distribution of this material and the placement of interests in the funds in Hong Kong is restricted. Accordingly, unless permitted by the securities laws of 
Hong Kong, no person may issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, this material, or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the 
interests in the funds, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public in Hong 
Kong, other than with respect to the interests in the funds which are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ―professional 
investors‖ within the meaning of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and any rules made thereunder. 
Note to Investors in Israel: GS is not licensed to provide investment advice or investment management services under Israeli law. 
 
Notice to Investors in Japan 
Marquee is made available in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. 
 
本書は情報の提供を目的としております。また、売却・購入が違法となるような法域での有価証券その他の売却若しくは購入を勧めるものでもありません。ゴー
ルドマン・サックスは本書内の取引又はストラクチャーの勧誘を行うものではございません。これらの取引又はストラクチャーは、社内及び法規制等の承認等次
第で実際にはご提供できない場合がございます。 
 
<適格機関投資家限定 転売制限> 
ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社が適格機関投資家のみを相手方として取得申込みの勧誘（取得勧誘）又は売付けの申込み若しくは買付けの申込みの勧誘
(売付け勧誘等)を行う本有価証券には、適格機関投資家に譲渡する場合以外の譲渡が禁止される旨の制限が付されています。本有価証券は金融商品取引法第４条
に基づく財務局に対する届出が行われておりません。なお、本告知はお客様によるご同意のもとに、電磁的に交付させていただいております。 
＜適格機関投資家用資料＞ 
 本資料は、適格機関投資家のお客さまのみを対象に作成されたものです。本資料における金融商品は適格機関投資家のお客さまのみがお取引可能であり、適格
機関投資家以外のお客さまからのご注文等はお受けできませんので、ご注意ください。 商号等/ゴールドマン・サックス証券株式会社 金融商品取引業者 関東財
務局長（金商）第６９号 
 加入協会/ 日本証券業協会、一般社団法人金融先物取引業協会、一般社団法人第二種金融商品取引業協会、一般社団法人資産運用業協会 
 本書又はその添付資料に信用格付が記載されている場合、日本格付研究所（JCR）及び格付投資情報センター（R&I）による格付は、登録信用格付業者による格
付（登録格付）です。その他の格付は登録格付である旨の記載がない場合は、無登録格付です。無登録格付を投資判断に利用する前に、「無登録格付に関する説
明書」（http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html）を十分にお読みください。 
  
If any credit ratings are contained in this material or any attachments, those that have been issued by Japan Credit Rating Agency, Ltd. (JCR) or Rating and 
Investment Information, Inc. (R&I) are credit ratings that have been issued by a credit rating agency registered in Japan (registered credit ratings). Other credit 
ratings are unregistered unless denoted as being registered. Before using unregistered credit ratings to make investment decisions, please carefully read 
"Explanation Regarding Unregistered Credit Ratings" (http://www.goldmansachs.com/disclaimer/ratings.html). 
 
Notice to Mexican Investors: Information contained herein is not meant for the general public in Mexico. The services or products provided by or through Goldman 
Sachs Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (GS Mexico) may not be offered or sold to the general public in Mexico. You have received information herein 
exclusively due to your existing relationship with a GS Mexico or any other Goldman Sachs business. The selection and engagement with any of the offered 
services or products through GS Mexico will be carried out directly by you at your own risk. Before acting to implement any chosen service or product provided by 
or through GS Mexico you should consider, at your sole discretion, whether it is suitable for your particular circumstances and, if necessary, seek professional 
advice. Information contained herein related to GS Mexico services or products, as well as any other information, shall not be considered as a product coming 
from research, nor it contains any recommendation to invest, not to invest, hold or sell any security and may not be supplied to the general public in Mexico. 
 
Notice to New Zealand Investors: When this document is disseminated in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC ("GSCO") , Goldman Sachs International 
("GSI"), Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. ("GSALLC") or Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte ("GSSP") (collectively the "GS entities"), this document, and any access to it, is 
intended only for a person that has first satisfied; the GS entities that the person is someone:  
(i) who is an investment business within the meaning of clause 37 of Schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 (New Zealand) (the "FMC Act"); 
(ii) who meets the investment activity criteria specified in clause 38 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; 
(iii) who is large within the meaning of clause 39 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act; or 
(iv) is a government agency within the meaning of clause 40 of Schedule 1 of the FMC Act.  
No offer to acquire the interests is being made to you in this document. Any offer will only be made in circumstances where disclosure is not required under the 
Financial Markets Conducts Act 2013 or the Financial Markets Conduct Regulations 2014. 
 
Notice to Swiss Investors: This is marketing material for financial instruments or services. The information contained in this material is for general informational 
purposes only and does not constitute an offer, solicitation, invitation or recommendation to buy or sell any financial instruments or to provide any investment 
advice or service of any kind. 
Not all services or products can be made available in Taiwan. Any particular offer of securities may not have been and may not be registered with the Securities 
and Futures Bureau, Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan pursuant to relevant securities laws and regulations and may therefore not be capable of being 


[Page 14]
14
 
sold or publicly offered in Taiwan. The Goldman Sachs companies involved in any such promotion may not maintain any licenses, authorisations or registrations in 
Taiwan. Therefore, for such securities, any subscriptions into the securities must be received in a currency foreign to, and to an account offshore, Taiwan. Any 
issue of such securities will not take effect until a valid subscription is received and accepted in accordance with the offering materials, outside Taiwan. 
 
Notice to Investors in Korea: Marquee is made available in Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Seoul Branch. 
The information contained in this document does not constitute, and is not intended to constitute, a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates in 
accordance with the Commercial Companies Law (Federal Law no. 2 of 2015), ESCA Board of Directors' Decision no. (9/r.m.) of 2016, ESCA Chairman Decision no 
3/r.m. of 2017 concerning promoting and introducing regulations or otherwise under the laws of the United Arab Emirates. Accordingly, the interests in the 
securities may not be offered to the public in the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global Market). This document has not 
been approved by, or filed with the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates, the Securities and Commodities Authority, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the 
Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any other relevant licensing authorities in the United Arab Emirates. If you do not understand the contents of this 
document, you should consult with a financial advisor. This document is provided to the recipient only and should not be provided to or relied on by any other 
person. 
 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs. All rights reserved. 
 
© Copyright 2026. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. All rights reserved. This communication may be confidential and may not be forwarded. It is intended solely for 
the use of the named recipient(s). If you are not the intended recipient of this communication, please delete and destroy all copies immediately. This material was 
prepared by the Prime Services Securities Lending desk within the Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities business units and is not the product of Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research. It is not a research report and should not be construed as such. This information pertains to securities lending and borrowing activity. 
This communication is for your general information only and is a solicitation of derivatives business generally, only for the purposes of, and to the extent it would 
otherwise be subject to, CFTC Regulations 1.71 and 23.605. Neither Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, nor any of its affiliates (collectively, "GS"), is soliciting, 
recommending or encouraging any specific action based upon it. Neither this information, nor its communication to you takes into account your particular 
investment objectives, financial situation or needs. Before making any decision to act, you should consider whether this material is suitable for your particular 
circumstances and have regard to any applicable laws and regulations (including foreign laws and regulations). GS reserves the right to omit information for any 
reason from this report. GS does not represent that this material is reliable, accurate, complete and/or up-to-date and accepts no liability if it is not. Any views 
expressed in this communication are those of the individual sender except where the sender specifically states them to be the views of GS. Opinions expressed 
are current opinions only as of the date and time indicated. Any historical price(s) or value(s) are also as of the date indicated. Sources for the information 
contained in this communication may have included internal GS information or information collected from external sources. GS does not accept any responsibility 
to update any opinions or other information contained in this email. Please note that GS and/or its affiliates, officers, directors and employees, including persons 
involved in the preparation or issuance of this material, may, from time to time, have long or short positions in, buy or sell (on a principal basis or otherwise), and 
act as market maker or specialist in, the securities or derivatives (including options) thereof, and serve as a director of companies mentioned in this material. In 
addition, we may have served as manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities by any such company within the past three years. Further information on 
any of the securities mentioned in this material may be obtained upon request. Also, please be aware that Internet e-mail messages may not be secure, and may 
be intercepted, altered, delayed, deleted or otherwise affected by unauthorized persons or technical failures without the knowledge of the sender or intended 
recipient. Appropriate discretion should be exercised regarding the use, content and retransmission of e-mail messages. GS reserves the right to intercept and 
monitor the content of e-mail messages to and from its system. This information is provided by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, and/or one of its affiliates and has 
been approved by Goldman Sachs International, which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and 
the Prudential Regulation Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, which is subject to direct prudential 
supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufischt, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank, and Goldman Sachs International for distribution in Europe and by Goldman Sachs Canada in 
connection with its distribution in Canada. This material is distributed in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., in Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia), L.L.C, 
Seoul Branch, in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd., in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Limited (ABN 98 064 914 469), and in Singapore through 
Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte (Company number 198602165W). 
 
