[Page 1]
GS Armbrust - What Matters Today AI CAPEX Required Revenues
Sizing the AI Economy Needed to Justify ROIC on Hyperscaler AI
Capex 25 Sep 2026
Matthew Armbrust  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
25 Sep 2026
1) AI CAPEX Required Revenues What capex signals about required AI revenues: Based on average
annual capex in 2026 and 2027, our equity analysts estim
1) AI CAPEX Required Revenues
What capex signals about required AI revenues: Based on average annual capex in 2026 and 2027, our
equity analysts estimate that the hyperscalers need to generate annual AI revenues of roughly $300 billion
in the next few years to break even on their investments.
What required AI revenues signal about enterprise and consumer AI spending: We estimate that AI users
would need to spend roughly $1 trillion annually on AI applications in order for the hyperscalers to
generate solid returns on investment and the application layer to generate strong profit margins on their
compute expenses. This compares with roughly $1.5 trillion in global software spending in 2026 and $1.8
trillion in potential annual US labor productivity gains that our economists estimate will eventually accrue
to capital. However, not all of these productivity gains will necessarily accrue to the infrastructure and
application layers. AI-related revenues and capex needs would be substantially larger accounting for
physical AI or the potential emergence of AGI.
The AI trade outside of the infrastructure layer: We expect the application layer will remain a source of
return dispersion, as reflected by the recent outperformance of data infrastructure and cybersecurity stocks
and underperformance of “consumer inertia” stocks. Enterprise adoption is still in early stages but the
recent acceleration in enterprise AI spending suggests the impact of AI on corporate earnings should
become increasingly visible in coming quarters
2) Sizing the AI Economy Needed to Justify ROIC on Hyperscaler AI Capex
The debate has shifted in the past few months toward a more forward outlook: how current period capex
spend (across CY2026-27) might deliver a return in future (CY2028-30) periods (and how current ROIC
earned on prior-period capex can be used as a baseline). In this report, we introduce a framework to
analyze the necessary output from the AI economy in order to earn a baseline return on invested capital
(“ROIC”) on the current levels of capex spend from the US-based hyperscalers.
Our analysis in this report focuses on the revenue hurdles required to produce a 15% annual ROIC on
“Phase 2” (CY2026-27) AI-compute investments deployed by the US-based hyperscalers. Based on
various assumptions (an average upfront cost of ~$42bn per Gigawatt (GW); a buildout mix of ~70%
“compute” v. ~30% “shells”; conservative depreciation schedules; ongoing operating cost assumptions;


[Page 2]
etc.), the analysis implies that the six major US-based hyperscalers (Alphabet, Amazon, Microsoft, Meta,
Oracle and SpaceX) must generate a combined ~$1.42 trillion of cumulative CY2028–30 revenues (or
~$11.6 billion of annual revenue per GW) to clear the 15% ROIC hurdle.
While we expect near-term returns to compress (as near-term results are muted by an accelerated capex
cycle), we expect the attractive ROIC on current period capex to be better realized in operating results
over the medium-to-long-term. Said differently, we frame the near-term return compression as a natural
consequence of the massive upfront investment cycle rather than evidence of structurally poor AI
economics.
While not every token will have the same economics nor every dollar of capex generate a uniform return,
in totality we still see a solid return profile to the capital being deployed in the coming 18 months against
the scope of the market opportunity in the coming 3-5 years. This was recently on display at our
Communacopia + Technology conference, with companies demonstrating: (a) how experimentation was
resulting in a shift toward implementation; (b) how productivity-driven returns and product development
cycles were being accelerated; and (c) how a focused shift from token-maxing to token-optimizing was
improving the return profile for enterprises and thus acting as a lead indicator for more enterprise adoption


[Page 3]


[Page 4]


[Page 5]


[Page 6]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 25 September 2026.
