[Page 1]
GS Pasquariello - markets / macro 25 Sep 2026
Tony Pasquariello  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
Fri 25 Sep 2026, 6:07am EDT
as we walked out of the office on Tuesday, it appeared that S&P had finally broken out from a 2-month
consolidation around the 7700 level.
in the time since, the index has failed to achieve escape velocity, with the blame largely placed on the
continued gap higher in yields.
in effect, the equity market remains stuck in a frustrating game of cat-and-mouse game with the rate
market, with the index right back at 7700 last night.
at the risk of overreduction, that brings me back to this argument: if you want to carry significant length in
stocks, marry it with a trading short in bonds (one that is simply expressed).
with that said, I admit to this thought this morning: for as nasty as the rate move has been of late, the stock
market deserves some credit for not giving up all that much ground ...
///
now, if you asked me what’s the single busiest month of the year in our business, my vote goes to
September.
so, with appreciation for your to-do list, this one is an easy read on a Friday morning ... seven short points:
1. AI: “the agentic revolution is here.” which is to say, Meta’s Muse has marked another inflection in this
cycle of applied innovation, and stocks didn’t wait very long to price it (see ticker GSXUAGNT for our
agentic AI basket). in the doing, the right tail has again been revealed in US mega cap tech. I believe this
is all affirmation of a trend towards more progress and more spending -- while, again, also expecting more
volatility and dislocations along the path. as usual, senior trader Rich Privorotsky frames it well (link):
I think we’re going to spend the next few weeks and months realizing that Muse is only the first of many
entrants that will radically change individual and corporate productivity, and ultimately how we
communicate and transact. AI super users have had versions of this capability for a while, but it was
technically complex, required constant maintenance and frankly wasn’t something the average person
could use out of the box. now the proliferation should be enormous. as large corporates underwrite the
safety, infrastructure and distribution, a lot of friction and rent seeking can disappear from the economy.
that itself is a productivity boost … the relative winners and losers will take months/years to sort out, but I
remain pretty adamant that the aggregate effect is positive for the equity complex and structurally
disinflationary.
2. one more point on AI. US portfolio strategy asked this question: what outlook for AI is the equity
market pricing? answer: “while market participants express skepticism about the durability of AI
infrastructure stocks' earnings growth, that view is at least partially priced. the median AI infrastructure


[Page 2]
stock has de-rated from 32x consensus forward earnings in April 2026 to 22x today.” for the full note:
link.
3. small cap. we should call it what it is: small cap has traded terribly of late. in fact, RTY has
underperformed S&P for the past six weeks. in the search for why, one aspect is clear: it’s being sold; our
franchise has seen a wave of supply, principally from long only funds and through the wealth channel
(link). in addition, the chart work stinks (see the last point below). finally, there’s a broader pattern of
cyclical underperformance afoot, which I principally attribute to the local surge in interest rates (and thus a
tightening of FCI). I haven’t seen the ball well in small cap this year, but I’m certainly not drawn to it now.
4. the Fed. this week’s podcast is with our chief global economist, Jan Hatzius: link. part of this
conversation focuses on the Fed -- and where the house call is different than the strip.
5. flow-of-funds / positioning. I’m not saying the setup is perfect. buybacks are slowing, new issue is
rising and the US retail investor is laying a bit low. with that established, I continue to find it interesting
that the trading community has been very defensive as the market flirts with the highs. if asked to calibrate
speculative length on my standard scale of -10 to +10, right now I’d put it at +3. while a breakout to new
highs likely requires a catalyst, should that come to pass, I can see a scenario where faster money will
need to get on the train very quickly.
6. bar trivia. as Pete Callahan pointed out earlier in the week, there are ten US TMT companies in S&P
with a market cap > $1tr. TEN. as recently as three years ago, there were only three. if you’re curious, the
first entrant on that list was AAPL back in 2018.
7. a chart for the road. again, with the concession that small cap has performed much better this year than I
expected, it still hasn’t outperformed the freight train that is US mega cap tech. you’ve seen this one
before, but it’s worth noting that the long-term ratio of NDX vs RTY just melted up to a higher high:


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of 24 September 2026.
