[Page 1]
 
 
Summary below – Distribution of the full report is restricted.  To request access pls contact Position_Intel@jpmorgan.com 
Summary: The continued rise in rates may have limited the stock market this week, but it didn’t cause a 
major overall dent as AI optimism offset underperformance elsewhere.  Overall positioning, flows, and 
performance were little changed WoW as net positioning remains somewhat light while performance 
has been middling (aside from Quants that continue to do well). 
 
Key Points: 
 
1. Gross & net flows — small de-grossing, net flows split by region (Asia negative): Gross flows 
reversed lower this week (-0.6z globally), led by APAC (-1.7z) and a smaller dip in N. Am. (-0.3z).  
Net flows were mixed: strong selling in Asia (>-2z) vs. small buying in EMEA and flat in N. Am.  Our 
US TPM also ticked up (+0.2z 1wk) with positioning back to -0.1z / 40th %-tile, while EU TPM 
slipped further to the 17th %-tile. 
 
2. Defensives — persistent selling, Utilities positioning at historical lows: Higher rates continue to 
show up in sector rotations, with Real Estate, Telecom, and Utilities among the most net sold 
industries over the past 20d. Utilities has been hit hard and HF net exposure to the sector is 
now at new historical lows (-2.5z vs. data since 2018), inversely tracking the rise in the US 10yr. 
 Telecom is also at historical lows and Real Estate at ~12m lows. 
 
3. Biotech & Health Care — Clinical biotech unwind deepens, HC performance still a 
headwind: Health Care crowding performance took another leg lower (L-S return spread -7% past 
5d; -6% MTD), and Biotech selling reflects positioning skews as Clinical Biotech was sold ~2z over 
1wk and ~2.4z over 20d (down ~15% past 4w), with a mix of longs sold and some shorts added 
pushing positioning to ~12m lows. By contrast, Commercial Biotech saw ~2z net buying over 5d 
driven by >2z short covering.  This is consistent with broader HC de-risking as crowded HC 
performance remains under pressure (HC 60d crowding returns near -20% and hovering around 
5+ year lows, with gross flows around -3z lately). 
 
4. Financials / Banks — BTD behavior emerging, but in LC Banks not Regionals: Financials were 
one of the clearer HF “buy-the-dip” areas (+2z this past week), with buying driven by longs added 
and led by Insurance (which had fallen the most). Within Banks, positioning is still light (net 
positioning ~4th %-tile on a 12m basis), but the flow were split: Large Cap Banks were bought 
while Regionals continued to be sold—suggesting investors are selectively re-risking (as Oct-Nov 
seasonality looks supportive). 
 
5. Tech bounce — Mag7 re-risking and Semis bought, with retail sentiment turning back 
up: Tech enthusiasm improved meaningfully alongside the price bounce: TMT drove much of the net 
buying, with Mag7 bought nearly ~3z over the past 5d (and 20d), Semis +2z, and Software +1z. 
Retail sentiment for Semis vs. Software has rebounded MTD after hitting >12m lows in early Sep, 
and while it’s only back to around average levels, it leaves room for further upside if AI optimism 
persists.   
Positioning Intelligence | Weekly Wrap
Rate Risks and Health Hazards Offset by AI Optimism
September 25th, 2026


[Page 2]
JP Morgan Positioning Intelligence 
 
 
2 
 
POSITIONING INTELLIGENCE 
 
John Schlegel | +1-212-622-6512 | john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
Jigar Vakharia | +44-203-493-0275 | jigar.r.vakharia@jpmorgan.com 
Sunny Potharaju | +1-212-622-3688 | sunny.potharaju@jpmorgan.com  
 
 
 
This material (“Material”) is not a product of J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments and should not be viewed as a research report. The Material is provided by J.P. Morgan’s Prime Finance 
business for informational purposes only. This note highlights some notable trends observed in positioning within the J.P. Morgan Prime Finance portfolio. This Material includes data and 
viewpoints from various departments and businesses within JPMorgan Chase & Co., as well as from third parties unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries. The 
generalized hedge fund and institutional investor information presented in this Material, including trends referred to herein, are not intended to be representative of the hedge fund and 
institutional investor communities at large.   
DISCLOSURE 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS ONLY – This material is from a Sales and Trading department and is not a product of the Research Department. 
This material has been prepared by personnel in the Sales and Trading Departments of one or more affiliates of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (together, “J.P. Morgan”) and not by J.P. Morgan’s Research 
Department and therefore, has not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements to promote the independence of research, including but not limited to, the prohibition on the dealing ahead of 
the dissemination of investment research. It is not a research report and is not intended as such. It is for distribution to institutional and professional clients only and is not intended for retail customer 
use. 
Unless otherwise specifically stated, any views or opinions expressed herein are solely those of the individual author and/or the specific Sales and Trading area from which it originates and may differ 
from the views or opinions expressed by other areas of J.P. Morgan, including the Research Department. 
This material is provided for information purposes only and does not bind J.P. Morgan in any way. It is not intended as a recommendation (except to the extent it is an “investment recommendation” 
under MAR (as defined below)) or an offer or solicitation (except to the extent covered by CFTC Rules (as defined below)) for the purchase or sale of any security or financial instrument, or to enter 
into a transaction involving any financial instrument or trading strategy, or as an official confirmation or official valuation of any transaction mentioned herein. Any pricing information provided is 
indicative only and does not reflect a level where J.P. Morgan is prepared to execute a trade. J.P. Morgan is not an advisor. Nothing in this material should be construed as investment, tax, legal, 
accounting, regulatory or other advice (including within the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) or as creating a fiduciary relationship. 
MAR Disclosure: Where this material is an “investment recommendation” as that term is defined in Article 3(1)(35) of the EU and UK Market Abuse Regulation (“MAR”), distribution of this material is 
subject to the relevant provisions of MAR. For more information, please consult: www.jpmm.com/#mardisclosures. 
Research Disclosure: This material is not, and is not intended to be, a “research report”, “investment research” or “independent research” as may be defined in applicable laws and regulations 
worldwide. However, it may constitute “research” as defined in Recital 28 of the Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 and in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Handbook. 
Derivatives Disclosure: Where distribution of this material is subject to the rules of the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), it is a “solicitation” of derivatives business generally 
only as that term is used within CFTC Rule 1.71 and 23.605 promulgated under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act (the “CFTC Rules”). 
Options Disclosure: Structured securities, options, futures and other derivatives are complex instruments and may involve a high degree of risk. Before entering into any such transactions, please 
ensure that you have read and understood the Options Clearing Corporation’s Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, also known as the options disclosure document (ODD) available 
at: http://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp. 
Analytics Disclosure: Past or simulated past performance is not indicative of future results. Any modelling scenario analysis or other forward-looking information herein is intended to illustrate 
hypothetical results based on certain assumptions, information and/or financial data (not all of which will be specified herein). J.P. Morgan does not guarantee expressly or impliedly the accuracy or 
completeness of any information and/or financial data used herein. Further, the information and/or financial data used by JPM may not be representative of all information and/or financial data 
available to J.P. Morgan. The information and/or financial data available herein may change at any time without notice to you. Actual events or conditions may differ materially from those assumed; 
therefore, actual results are not guaranteed and J.P. Morgan disclaims any responsibility or liability whatsoever for the quality, accuracy or completeness of the information herein, and for any reliance 
on, or use of this material in any way. The actual results you see will be based on a number of assumption not all of which will be explicitly disclosed to you. 
Exchange Traded Fund (“ETF”) Disclosure: Each U.S. registered ETF has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Each non-U.S. 
ETF will have its own offering documents as required by applicable law. No offer or sale of the ETFs described may be made except pursuant to the prospectus or offering documents, as applicable. 
The ETF’s prospectus and/or offering documents are available through the ETF issuer’s website; you should read these carefully before deciding to invest. 
Transactions involving securities, financial instruments and strategies mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors. You are solely responsible for deciding whether any investment or 
transaction is suitable for you based upon your investment goals, financial situation and tolerance for risk. If you deem it necessary, you must seek independent professional advice to ascertain the 
investment, legal, tax, accounting, regulatory or other consequences before investing or transacting. 
Past or simulated past performance (including back-testing) is not indicative of future results. The investments discussed may fluctuate in price or value. Changes in rates of exchange may have an 
adverse effect on the value of investments. Any modelling, scenario analysis or other forward-looking information herein (such as projected cashflows, yields or returns) is intended to illustrate 
hypothetical results based on certain assumptions (not all of which will be specified herein). Actual events or conditions may differ materially from those assumed; therefore, actual results are not 
guaranteed. 
All market prices, data and other information (including that which may be derived from third party sources believed to be reliable) are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to 
change without notice. J.P. Morgan disclaims any responsibility or liability to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, whether in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), equity or 
otherwise, for any loss or damage arising from any reliance on or the use of this material in any way. The information contained herein is as of the date and time referenced only, and J.P. Morgan 
does not undertake any obligation to update such information. 
J.P. Morgan may have positions (long or short), effect transactions or make markets in securities or financial instruments mentioned herein (or related instruments), or provide advice or loans to, or 
participate in the underwriting or restructuring of the obligations of, the legal entities mentioned herein. The Sales and Trading personnel who prepared this material may be compensated in part based 
on trading activity. Moreover, Sales and Trading personnel may have acted on the basis of this material either on behalf of J.P. Morgan or, where permitted, in their personal accounts. As such, this 
material should not be relied upon as either objective or independent from the interests of J.P. Morgan and its associated personnel, which interests may conflict with your interests. 
Securities, financial instruments or strategies mentioned herein may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all clients. Clients should contact their salespersons at, and execute transactions through, a 
J.P. Morgan entity appropriately licensed in the client’s home jurisdiction unless governing law permits otherwise. Product names, company names and logos mentioned herein are trademarks or 
registered trademarks of their respective owners. 
For important disclosures in respect of wholesale fixed income, currency, commodities and equities products, please see: https://www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures/ficcequities. Electronic trading with 
J.P. Morgan is subject to our standard electronic trading terms of service. 
J.P. Morgan is a marketing name for investment banking businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. Bank products and services, including certain lending, 
derivative and other commercial banking activities, are offered by JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. (JPMCB), including through its authorized branches and other global affiliates registered with local 
authorities as appropriate. Securities products and services, including execution services, are offered in the United States and in other jurisdictions worldwide by J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (JPMS 
LLC), in EMEA by J.P. Morgan Securities plc (JPMS plc), J.P. Morgan SE (JPM SE) and by other appropriately licensed global affiliates. JPMCB, JPMS LLC, JPMS plc and JPM SE are principal 
subsidiaries of JPMorgan Chase & Co. For information on which legal entities offer investment banking products and services in each jurisdiction, please consult: www.jpmorgan.com/ib-legal-entities.  
For important disclosures in respect of securities transactions, please consult: www.jpmorgan.com/securities-transactions and in respect of over-the-counter equity derivatives transactions, please 
consult: www.jpmorgan.com/otc-equity-derivative-transactions. 
Country Specific Disclosures 
Brazil: J.P. Morgan Ombudsman: 0800-7700847. Email: ouvidoria.jp.morgan@jpmorgan.com. Singapore: For important Singapore disclosures, please 
consult: https://www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures/apac-legal-entity-information.  
South Africa: J.P. Morgan Securities plc is exempt from the licensing provisions of the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
For additional regulatory disclosures, please consult: www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures. 
Changes to Interbank Offered Rates (IBORS) and other benchmark rates:  Certain interest rate benchmarks are, or may in the future become, subject to ongoing international, national and other 
regulatory guidance, reform and proposals for reform.  For more information, please consult: https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/disclosures/interbank_offered_rates 
 
 
