[Page 1]
Article | 25 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  25 September 2026
  UNITED STATES
THINK Ahead: US jobs report and
eurozone inflation data
Next week s US jobs report will be closely watched for signals on the Fed
s October rate decision, while eurozone inflation data will provide an
update on underlying price pressures
We expect September's US jobs report to show 100k jobs added
THINK Ahead in developed markets
United States (James Knightley)
Jobs Report (Fri): Financial markets have moved to price an October Federal Reserve
interest rate hike as being more likely than not. There are two key reports that will
largely determine what the Fed decides to do, with the first – the September jobs report
– due on Friday. The August report was much stronger than expected after a subdued
run. Given that the low-hire, low-fire narrative remains in place, we expect a downward
revision to that August number, with September coming in at around 100k jobs added.
The unemployment rate is expected to hold at 4.1%. This outcome will keep an October
rate hike in play. The next key data release will be September inflation, due on 14
October.
Eurozone (Bert Colijn)


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 25 September 2026
2
Inflation (Fri): Eurozone inflation continues to move mainly on energy prices at the
moment. But with core inflation still at the same level as it was before the Middle East
war started – 2.4% in both February and August – eyes will once again be on whether
signs of second-round effects are kicking in.
Key events in developed markets
Source: Refinitiv, ING


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 25 September 2026
3
Author
James Knightley
Chief International Economist, US
james.knightley@ing.com
Bert Colijn
Chief Economist, Netherlands
bert.colijn@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
