[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Conflict Update
25 September 2026
A Watershed Moment In The Iran War?
Iran's Foreign Minister has proposed a seven-day plan to end hostilities, which follows a fixed
sequence and is effectively a faster version of June's MoU. Furthermore, a top secretary official has
given the US "4-5 days" to accept Iran's conditions, an implicit threat of escalation. He has also
warned neighboring states that blocking Iranian flights would put their own airports at risk.
Meanwhile, economic pressure on Iran, coupled with limited US response to recent Iranian military
actions, could set the stage for an escalation in the conflict if parties fail to accelerate the path to
negotiations.
A seven-day proposal. Iran's Foreign Minister Abbas Araghchi on Thursday proposed a seven-day plan to
cease hostilities, reopen the Strait of Hormuz and then begin comprehensive talks on his country’s nuclear
program. The proposal is essentially the same as the memorandum of understanding (MoU) made in June
but designed to move at a faster pace. The MoU, in contrast, set a 60-day timeframe before nuclear
negotiations would begin. The sequence would be as follows:
- During the seven days, all hostilities would end, including in Lebanon.
- The US would release Iran’s frozen assets - likely at least $12 billion - waive sanctions on Iranian oil and
lift the naval blockade on Iran.
- Then, on the last day, the Strait of Hormuz would be reopened.
- After the seven days, comprehensive negotiations over Iran’s nuclear program would immediately begin.
Iranian threats. Meanwhile, Mohsen Rezaei, secretary of the SNSC told Iranian media (via Sina Toossi on
X):
 - Iran will not return to the diplomatic pace of the "Islamabad ceasefire" and instead says the US must
first accept Iran’s conditions and has “4-5 days” to act. The short deadline could be interpreted as an
implicit threat of further escalation if the US doesn’t act in time.
- Rezaei also warned neighboring states aiding US pressure on Iranian aviation that if they continue to
block Iranian flights, their “airports will have no flights.”
Faster negotiations or limtied escalation? Some analysts, such as Danny Citrinowicz, warn against
dismissing Iran's threats, including its ultimatum to the Trump administration. Instead, several factors point
to a possible path to a limtied escalation:
- Iran appears to have become more aggressive in its military doctrine demonstrating a greater willingness
to confront the United States proactively.
- Iranian leaders appear to believe that President Trump is increasingly constrained by the approaching
midterm elections.
- The costs to Iran of the US economic and strategic blockade, including pressure on aviation and
connectivity, are starting to accumulate and Iran cannot absorb these costs indefinitely.
- The absence of a major US military response to the latest Iranian actions in and around the Strait of
Hormuz may have created a perception that it can act more independently without escalating military
repercussions.
- Houthi pressure on Saudi Arabia gives Iran additional strategic flexibility to increase scope and intensity
of the conflict, without it necessarily resulting in direct retaliation on Iranian territory.


[Page 2]
Conflict Update
25 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
A watershed moment? At this point, neither Iran nor the US has an interest in a more intense, less
controllable war. But as the economic pressure on Iran deepens, this could ultimately pose a risk to the
stability of the Iranian regime. Meanwhile, the US - at least from the Iranian perspective - may have limited
means to sustain and control further fighting. Altogether, this creates an environment where Iran believes
that, if it cannot persuade the US to agree to its conditions for negotiations, it may be in its interest to ramp
up military pressure, assuming only a limited US response. As such, the next couple of days could
represent a watershed moment in the Iran War. 


[Page 3]
Conflict Update
25 September 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
Erik Meyersson
Chief EM Strategist
erik.meyersson@seb.se
+46707391683
@emeyersson
