[Page 1]
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
Michael Gibbs, Managing Director, Lead Portfolio Manager | (901) 579-4346 | michael.gibbs@raymondjames.com
Joey Madere, CFA | (901) 529-5331 | joey.madere@raymondjames.com
Richard Sewell, CFA | (901) 524-4194 | richard.sewell@raymondjames.com
Mitch Clayton, CMT, Senior Technical Analyst | (901) 579-4812 | mitch.clayton@raymondjames.com
SEPTEMBER 23, 2026 | 11:16 AM EDT
Weekly Market Guide
Stay selective, expect continued volatility, and focus on long-term opportunities emerging from market rotations amid
healthy consolidations
●
Shifting Market Leadership: Market leadership has shifted in the wake of the latest Federal Reserve decision with market
appetite for risk improving. Recent leadership from average stocks and small caps has given way to a renewed bid for
mega-cap technology, semiconductors, and other growth-oriented areas of the market with a breakout in the “Mag 7”.
Beneath the surface, leadership continues to rotate, creating both volatility and opportunity for active investors.
●
Headline Noise Not Going Away: Markets continue to navigate an environment dominated by headline noise. An endless
stream of economic, political, and geopolitical developments has contributed to short-term uncertainty. At the same time,
the market remains resilient and has staged a meaningful rebound from oversold conditions. As investors look ahead,
elevated volatility is likely to persist into the midterm elections and through this seasonally softer period of the year for
equities, but remain constructive longer-term.
●
Watch Oil prices for direction: Oil prices remain one of the most important indicators to monitor as the next directional
move in stocks may depend largely on where energy prices head from here. Energy prices have a strong influence on
inflation expectations, Treasury yields, and equity valuations. Recent declines in oil prices have helped ease pressure on both
yields and market valuations. Although a geopolitical risk premium may remain embedded in commodity prices, a continued
moderation in oil prices could further support financial markets.
We expect markets to remain choppy in the near term. Historically, periods following initial rate hikes can be accompanied by 8%
to 10% pullbacks, and much of today's volatility may be occurring beneath the surface rather than at the index level. However,
this environment may present attractive opportunities for long-term investors willing to look through near-term uncertainty
with an upward bias for equities over the next 12 months.
 
RAYMOND JAMES INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT: 880 CARILLON PARKWAY | ST. PETERSBURG FLORIDA 33716


[Page 2]
Oil and Bond Yields
Equities have benefited from lower oil prices over the past few sessions, and the next directional move in stocks may depend largely on 
where energy prices head from here. Falling oil prices have helped relieve pressure on the 10-year Treasury yield, an important support 
for equity valuations. In addition, lower oil prices could reduce inflationary pressures, supporting the Federal Reserve's efforts to balance 
economic growth and price stability. Any sustained relief on that front would likely be a positive catalyst for equities.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
S&P 500
WTI 
Crude
10-yr Yield
10-yr Yield 
(inverted)
S&P 500: 
NTM P/E
Recent weakness 
in oil prices has 
relieved upward 
pressure on the 
10-year yield…
…which has 
been favorable 
for equities.
Lower yields 
strengthen the 
case for higher 
equity 
valuations
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 2 OF 9


[Page 3]
Breakout: Mag 7
The market appears to be embracing risk again, with leadership rotating back towards mega-cap Technology stocks in the aftermath of 
the Fed’s decision to raise rates.  After consolidating for much of 2026, the “Mag 7” recently broke out to new highs, reinforcing our view 
that consolidation phases are healthy to allow fundamentals to catch up, and often create buying opportunities for long-term investors.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Breakout for the “Mag 7”: 
Mega-cap Tech re-emerges as 
leadership as risk appetite 
returns
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 3 OF 9


[Page 4]
Fed
While the Fed attempted to remove a “dose of accommodation” 
with its 25-basis-point rate hike, questions remain as to whether 
one hike will be enough to achieve price stability. The market 
continues to price in the possibility of additional tightening, as 
financial conditions remain relatively accommodative by 
historical standards. Although rate hike cycles often bring near-
term volatility, history suggests equities can move higher over 
the following 6 to 12 months, particularly if economic growth 
remains resilient and the Fed maintains a measured approach to 
further tightening.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Remain relatively accommodative 
by historical standards
Market is pricing in additional rate 
hikes from the Fed
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 4 OF 9


[Page 5]
US Dollar
Emerging markets have delivered strong year-to-date returns, supported by a weaker U.S. dollar and the historically favorable inverse 
relationship between the two. However, the U.S. dollar's recent breakout above resistance bears watching, as a sustained move higher 
could become a headwind for emerging market performance and potentially challenge the strength seen so far this year.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
A stronger dollar 
could derail the 
strength in EM
Continue to watch the US 
Dollar for improving strength
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 5 OF 9


[Page 6]
Yield Curve
We will continue to closely monitor the yield curve. The 2-year Treasury yield has moved sharply higher as markets price in the potential 
for additional Fed rate hikes, leading to a flatter yield curve. This has weighed on Bank stocks, with the group pulling back toward near-
term support levels. Going forward, we will be watching for either stabilization in bank share prices at support or a steepening of the yield 
curve, as both would be welcomed signals for the Banks.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Banks have pulled back to support as 
a flattening yield curve is creating a 
headwind for the group
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 6 OF 9


[Page 7]
Oil & Gas Refining
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Oil & gas refiners have been among the market's strongest performers since the onset of the Iran conflict, with the group gaining more 
than 100% since late February. Benefiting from supply chain disruptions and tighter energy markets, the fundamental backdrop 
remains favorable.  However, refiners are now trading nearly three standard deviations above their 200-day moving average, 
increasing the odds the sector may be due for a period of consolidation to digest the recent gains.
Refiners among the top performing 
areas since the onset of the Iran 
conflict
The group appears stretched above its 
200-DMA, which increases the odds of 
a near-term period of consolidation
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
 
PAGE 7 OF 9


[Page 8]
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
IMPORTANT INVESTOR DISCLOSURES
Gibbs Capital Management, a division of Eagle Asset Management ( Eagle) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Raymond James Investment management.
All expressions of opinion in the foregoing reflect the judgment of Gibbs Capital Management and are subject to change without notice. Information in this report has been
obtained from sources considered reliable, but we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only and
should not be used or construed as investment advice or a recommendation regarding the purchase or sale of any security outside of a managed account. This should not be
considered forward looking and does not guarantee the future performance of any investment.
It is important to review the investment objectives, risk tolerance, tax objectives and liquidity needs before choosing an investment style or manager. All investments carry a
certain degree of risk, including loss. There is no assurance that any strategy will be successful, and no one particular investment style or manager is suitable for all types of
investors. Indices are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index would incur fees and expenses which would reduce
returns. Asset allocation and diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
Sector investments are companies engaged in business related to a specific sector. They are subject to fierce competition and their products and services may be subject to
rapid obsolescence. There are additional risks associated with investing in an individual sector, including limited diversification.
Commodities and currencies investing are generally considered speculative because of the significant potential for investment loss. Their markets are likely to be volatile and
there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising.
Links to third-party websites are being provided for informational purposes only. Gibbs Capital Management is not affiliated with and does not endorse, authorize, or sponsor
any of the listed websites or their respective sponsors. Gibbs Capital Management is not responsible for the content of any third-party website or the collection or use of
information regarding any websites users and/or members.
Index Definitions
The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks that is generally considered representative of the U.S. stock market.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the NASDAQ.
The NASDAQ Composite is a stock market index of the common stocks and similar securities listed on the NASDAQ stock market.
The MSCI World All Cap Index captures large, mid, small and micro-cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries. With 11,732 constituents, the index is
comprehensive, covering approximately 99% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
The MSCI EAFE (Europe, Australasia, and Far East) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure developed market equity performance,
excluding the United States & Canada. The EAFE consists of the country indices of 21 developed nations.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance in 23 emerging market countries. The index's three largest industries are materials,
energy, and banks.
The Russell 2000 index is an index measuring the performance of approximately 2,000 smallest-cap American companies in the Russell 3000 Index, which is made up of 3,000
of the largest U.S. stocks.
The NYSE Alerian MLP is the leading gauge of energy infrastructure Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs). The capped, float-adjusted, capitalization-weighted index, whose
constituents earn the majority of their cash flow from midstream activities involving energy commodities, is disseminated real-time on a price-return basis (AMZ) and on a
total-return basis (AMZX).
The Barclays Intermediate Government/Credit Bond index measures the performance of U.S. Dollar denominated U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment grade
U.S. corporate securities that have a remaining maturity of greater than one year and less than ten years.
 
PAGE 8 OF 9


[Page 9]
PORTFOLIO STRATEGY
 
The Euro Stoxx 50 Index is a market capitalization weighted stock index of 50 large, blue-chip European companies operating within Eurozone nations. Components are
selected from the Euro STOXX Index which includes large-, mid- and small-cap stocks in the Eurozone.
The China CSI 300 is a capitalization-weighted stock market index designed to replicate the performance of top 300 stocks traded in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock
exchanges. It had a sub-indexes CSI 100 Index and CSI 200 Index.
The S&P 500 Futures is a capitalization-weighted index of 500 stocks. The index is designed to measure performance of the broad domestic economy through changes in the
aggregate market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries.
The DJIA Futures is a stock market index futures contract traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange`s Globex electronic trading platform. Dow Futures is based off the Dow
30 stock index.
The Nasdaq 100 Futures is a modified capitalization-weighted index of the 100 largest and most active non-financial domestic and international companies listed on the
NASDAQ.
Europe: DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 40 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange.
Asia: Nikkei is short for Japan's Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the leading and most-respected index of Japanese stocks. It is a price-weighted index composed of Japan's top 225
blue-chip companies traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Keep in mind that individuals cannot invest directly in any index, and index performance does not include transaction costs or other fees, which will affect actual investment
performance. Individual investor's results will vary. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Future investment performance cannot be guaranteed, investment
yields will fluctuate with market conditions.
 
PAGE 9 OF 9
