[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Nordic Alert
25 September 2026
Higher for longer – but different driving forces behind the rise in
yields
Global key stories
Brent crude rose to as high as USD 108 per barrel yesterday, but has since fallen by around USD 2
following reports that the US and Iran are discussing a "phased" deal under which the Strait of Hormuz
would be reopened in exchange for the US lifting its blockade of Iranian ports. US and European equities
fell yesterday, but futures point to a positive opening today. Chinese and Korean markets are closed.  
Tighter policy expectations are driving yields higher – not risk premia. The global rise in bond yields is
continuing at a rapid pace, particularly in the US. Yesterday, the US 10-year yield touched 5.2%, while the
30-year reached 5.5%. It is tempting to attribute the rise in long-term yields to concerns about public
finances or higher inflation expectations, but in the US the move is still primarily driven by a sharp
repricing of the Fed. In just six months, the market has gone from pricing in three rate cuts before year-end
to 2.5 hikes. Expectations have therefore shifted from an anticipated “normalisation” of policy rates to
“higher for longer”. The phenomenon is global, but the repricing has been largest in the US due to a
stronger economic outlook. This is positive for the dollar; EURUSD, which has traded in a narrow 1.14–
1.18 range since spring 2025, is trading at 1.137 this morning.  
The shift in central-bank expectations has been driven by the war in Iran and rising energy prices, which
have increased near-term inflation risks. At the same time, long-term inflation expectations have remained
stable, suggesting continued confidence in the Fed’s ability to keep inflation around 2% over time. Here,
Fed Chair Kevin Warsh’s hawkish shift has been important. Had the Fed signaled a reluctance to hike
despite higher inflation, long-term yields could have risen for the “wrong” reasons instead – through
higher risk premia and long-term inflation expectations.
The situation looks more concerning in France. The French 10-year yield has risen by around 100bp
since 1 July, compared with 60bp in Germany. Unlike the US, Germany and the UK, the French risk
premium has risen sharply. The spread to Germany has widened so much that France has the highest
borrowing costs in the euro area – even Italy and Greece have lower government bond yields.


[Page 2]
Nordic Alert
25 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
 
France’s budget, due no later than 6 October, will therefore be important. Recent "government leaks" to
media have stated that the budget deficit is set to increase next year, and the market is clearly showing its
verdict. The presidential election will follow in April next year, which could potentially trigger a snap
parliamentary election. French politics and public finances will therefore be an important theme to watch
– and could become increasingly negative for the euro if the situation deteriorates.
Trump–Xi: improved tone, few concrete outcomes. Despite an unusually warm reception, there were
few new concrete agreements during China’s first state visit to the US in ten years, apart from Atlanta Zoo
getting two new pandas (Ping Ping and Fu Shuang). The trade truce will be extended by two months,
while both leaders stressed the need to avoid conflict and improve relations. However, there were no
major new announcements on tariffs, technology or other key areas of conflict. Read Eugenia’s analysis
here
Nordic key stories
Norges Bank – high bar for more hikes. Norges Bank raised the policy rate by 25 basis points to 4.50 per
cent, but at the same time signaled that the bar for further hikes is high. The interest rate path implies
around a 40 per cent probability of a new hike, but our assessment is that the peak has probably been
reached. Read Erica and Marthe's comment here.     
Riksbank moves closer to a rate hike. The Riksbank left its policy rate unchanged at 1.75%, but the rate
path was significantly more hawkish than expected and signals around a 65% probability of a hike as
early as November. We are therefore revising our forecast and now expect three hikes – in November,
February and May – taking the policy rate to 2.50%. The rate path for 2027 was raised by almost 50bp
and peaks at around 2.45%. Read Amanda and Olle’s comment here. Also, don’t miss SR’s Saturday
interview with Erik Thedéen this weekend.  
Today's key events
For graphs and analysis of the week's most important data, click here.


[Page 3]
Nordic Alert
25 September 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
Market data
Gustav Helgesson
Macro Strategist
gustav.helgesson@seb.se
0707393142
@GustavHelgesson
