[Page 1]
superglue 
 
We have written before that there is one superglue holding the market together this year: growth. There is 
simply no other way of explaining the huge rise in yields (almost exclusively driven by neutral rates), equities 
close to record highs, credit at their tights and cross-asset volatility so subdued. 
In this piece we provide context into what we think is driving this growth resilience: an unprecedented global 
capex cycle underpinned not only by AI but a government-financed buildout of strategic autonomy across 
multiple industries. We offer a few stylized observations on the history of capex booms, as well as the current 
one: 
1. CapEx booms are rare events. Outside of WWII reconstruction, we can realistically identify only 
two large other booms: the late 1980s and the mid-2000s. Note the dotcom bubble does not make 
our list of top-5. 
  
 
2. CapEx booms tend to be sustained, multi-year events. The average duration of the top-5 capex 
booms ex-WWII has been 3 years. 
  
 
3. The current CapEx boom may potentially be one of the largest in post-war history. We estimate* 
that under conservative assumptions the current capex boom  would last 5 years with a cumulative 
GDP contribution of 3%. More optimistic assumptions would take the GDP contribution to 6%. In 
both cases it would make this boom the second largest in post-reconstruction history. 
Global data surprises are on track for their largest positive run on record. The consensus is arguably 
persistently under-appreciating the resilience and acyclicality of the current capex cycle. Interestingly, all of 
the capex cycles highlighted in our table saw the dollar (very) gradually trend weaker through their duration. It 
is with all of the above in mind that our recent FX Blueprint argued for “calm in the storm” and against a 
large dollar breakout for the remainder of the year. We would not chase the dollar higher after the last few 
weeks’ repricing. 
  
Full FX blog here 
  


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
