[Page 1]
GS Molavi - Ruminations Macro, Micro, Markets 25 Sep 2026
Bobby Molavi  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 25 Sep 2026, 12:55pm ET
Ruminations - Macro, Micro, Markets
No mans land...snipers alley…..maybe both.
Last week felt like a round trip. A horror Monday with AI trade fears, Oil higher impacts, Nasdaq
benchmark moving averages getting challenged, Momentum wobbles and Fed rate decision uncertainty
ahead of us. The end of the week...as has often been the case in 2026....saw us round trip close to where
we started. The fears, up/downs, debates and volatility of the week somewhat forgotten as you looked at a
scoreboard that said zero...but left you fatigued, bruised and scarred.
This week has been less violent but a little similar. A refocus on the positives of AI, an acknowledgement
that positioning is now much much cleaner, some hope around the strait of Hormuz and a calming of the
long bond price action with some flattening of the curve. Beneath the hood….some theme gyrations that
make day to day/week to week challenging…..coupled with more of an ‘unwindy’ feel to flows across
asset classes. The march higher in for yields in 2026 now causing increased amounts of angst in relation to
asset allocation decisions (how high is enough to trigger rotation out of equities) co-mingle with
multiple/duration asset/nominal asset valuations concerns in a 5% plus world (how high is enough to
necessitate a de-rate).
Geopolitics and politics playing a hand with the Trump/Xi meeting (arguably more ceremonial than
substantive), the German election results, the continued concerns around France (spreads vs Germany
and/or CAC now being down on the year), the upcoming UK budget and the very definition of rock and
hard place in relation to fiscal pressures and growth friendly policies, and finally….US midterms (with the
politics of Data centers) starting to get more focus and attention.
Innovation and Ai having its latest ‘Chat GPT’ moment with hyperscaler game of thrones seeing Meta
stage a one month 43% rally on the back of Muse and Muse charm hardware…as the markets digest the
emergence of consumer agents at scale. On the other side of the coin we saw Oracle force majeure
decision rekindling Ai credit questions and causing investors to re-underwite contracted obligations and
expenses vs expected benefits across the Ai capex spectrum.
Ultimately, we continue to look through Oil for now...and hope for calmer and lower. Can't say I fully
understand why....but no matter. Every bit of bad news seems to digested and explained away and every
bit of good news heralded as the first step in a path to normal. Then the Fed reinforced credibility,
independence and helped anchor the long end to a policy that the market seems to accept and perhaps even
reward. So now we refocus on the tailwinds and positioning....and they remain the same as ever on the
themes and right tails for the market (ongoing capex, on going belief in the power and future ROI of Ai)
and are now coupled with a much cleaner positioning backdrop and a shift towards the end of what is
traditionally a challenging month for equities (September).


[Page 2]
It feels like Yields and Oil are the key tickers to watch. As Spot goes lower for the latter it seems to take
pressure off the former. The flatter curve has surprised many and the stubbornness of the front end has
caused some of that forced unwind I mentioned earlier. That being said, one eye on Oil and the other on
disinflationary power of Ai in the future. The question on the AI impact is a matter of when and how
much….not if. I also wonder if we are now too reflexive in our resets….not long ago it was all about 2
cuts and when they come…and now it is about 3 hikes….with 1 down and timing on the next two. Is there
a hidden tailwind in an Oil at $80 and those hikes no longer being needed?
As has been the case since July….tricky markets….you’re sprinting to stand still…and everyone dancing
but a growing feeling of readiness for the music to stop...and by that I mean....end of year with
performance in tact.
Inflation vs deflation. We are the middle of an inflationary impulse caused by Ai capex, investment and
spending….but…..at some point that could/should (if history is a measure) flip into a deflationary force.
As the cost of compute declines, as the barriers to entry lower, as adoption increases and as the benefits of
efficiency and productivity increase…we will see the benefits of being able to do more with less…..and
also spend less to get more. Perhaps Muse is the first example of a tangible step in this direction. A
‘wrapper’ that enables main street to harness the benefits of agentic ‘co-pilots’ and a potential end of ‘lazy
revenues’ driven by human apathy/business.
Public vs private. This seems to be a battle royale at the moment. The scale of private companies and
value creation in private vs public companies. The value and returns (and risks) of Private equity and
private credit vs public market asset managers (longs and hedge fund). That being said, I was thinking
about Public vs Private through a different lens. The impact of higher yields, higher cost of capital and
higher debt servicing for private (companies) vs public (the state). In reality...the cost to governments and
public services is far far greater than to private companies (just see the UK government focus on Tax
everywhere to fill the 'gap'). That being said, there is a growing interconnectedness as several ways of
scale financing collide at the same time - govt debt and public financing vs High yield (PE related from
20/21 vintage) vs IG vs Ai capex. As these 'waves' start to collide in 27 and 28. There could be some
damage.
Food and water. As we think about bottlenecks, scarce resource and strategic assets. Worth noting non
financial news time being spent on food price inflation, on weather change and yield impacts, on corn and
bean prices and second order impacts to developing countries, on water shortages and water
contamination. A worrying shift towards food and water become a scarce resource in and of itself…but
unlike oil, chips and compute…. one with broader, deeper and more troubling ramifications.
Flapping airplanes. I saw a slide recently breaking down the TAMs of 'low data tasks' where Ai can (and
likely will dominate). It described search as a $200bn TAM and Coding at a $1 trillion TAM with both
well on the way to being disrupted/conquered etc. Then it went on to highlight Trading as $3 trillion,
Robotics at $15 trillion and things like Science and discovery as unbounded. Obviously people inside each
respective circle will look to Ai to win share within the circle...but from a birds eye view there is the
broader point of 'Ai diffusion' across surface areas and TAMs.


[Page 3]
inference economy. Rather than trying to articulate this myself...going to steal from one much smarter than
me....Rich Privorotsky...' I think we’re going to spend the next few weeks and months realizing that Muse
is only the first of many entrants that will radically change individual and corporate productivity, and
ultimately how we communicate and transact. AI super users have had versions of this capability for a
while, but it was technically complex, required constant maintenance and frankly wasn’t something the
average person could use out of the box. Now the proliferation should be enormous. As large corporates
underwrite the safety, infrastructure and distribution, a lot of friction and rent seeking can disappear from
the economy.' with this will come productivity boosts, efficiency boosts and the removal of friction that
slows the drivers of growth. The key to all of this....is the tailwind it creates for value creation and the
potential for structural deflation.
Datacentre stress . Republicans coming out against Data centres in their areas (ahead of midterms),
Democrats (some) coming out against Data centres full stop. A huge amount of financing going into the
builds and off takes of these centres..and a separate battle between Frontier and Open weight (and
regulation) which may define the value/cost of the a token and the run rates of these huge infra cap ex
builds. Meanwhile.....I read over the weekend (on Techmeme) that $18bn of debt tied to the Oracle project
in New Mexico (project Jupiter) were being 'quoted' at 89 to 91 cents.
Ai and Depreciation . Most of the focus has been on the capex and the ROI. I wonder as these things spin
up...when people will start focusing more on the maths of depreciation. Clearly a huge amount of ink been
spilt on the longevity of GPUs and how to best get max output from them via cooling and efficiency
maxxing...but whatever one does...these are perishing and depreciating assets. Sell side analysts are
forecasting for around $255bn of depreciation in 2026 vs a capex of $768bn. Pushing that out...they expect
$1.2 trillion of capex in 2029 vs $581bn of depreciation....worth noting this is on on balance sheet capex
on something which astronomical depreciation charges....oh and revenue expectations
Backlog vs real. There are many industries where practitioners talk to backlog. We see it in M&A, we see
it in relation to the film industry and now we see in Ai infra. T0 give some example....we look at film
industry and see companies like Disney needing to take write downs and restate earnings post a film like
John carter...a circa $200m loss. the other big losses over $100m i found out about in case interested - The
Marvells, Mortal engines, the last Indiana Jones, Joker 2, The flash, the Lone ranger). The point here,
outside of the dangers of the movie industry, is that what people hope for and what ends up coming can
diverge. The wave of IG 5 year issuance to build infra to deliver compute is all very well...but how does
one price the risks of failure, delay and fraud into that equation? How does one factor politics and electoral
risks (change in leader, party, philosophy) into those risks? And what discount factor should be applied to
'builders' of things who have limited experience of pricing, building and delivering the things they are
having to build? Or put another way....what discount factor should one put on a 'backlog'
Moonshots . Has investing structurally shifted up the risk curve? As people look at the value creation from
colonising mars….artificial intelligence….driverless cars…..and drones/robots….are we seeing a natural
shift away from the traditional to the futuristic….and as a result…from a form of investing anchored
around fundamentals and valuations towards a form of investing around the art of the possible and
predicting the future.


[Page 4]
Betting on the future. A venture and growth mindset seems to be permeating everything. The speed of
value creation –time to unicorn status…time to decacorn status…time to centacorn…time to gigacorn (this
is actually a word…I checked)….the time to going public…time to getting to $1bn ARR. Yet another
example…is the time to being a $100bn revenue company. If we look how many years it took the
following companies to go from $10bn to $100bn in revenues (inflation adjusted) we see the likes of
Meta,
Amazon,
Nvidia,
Google,
Tesla all taking between 6 and 10 years. Open Ai hit the mark in around 3 years…Anthropic (according to
public press) in even less time. To put in context , it took stripe 7 years, salesforce and snowflake 10 years
each and Adobe and Palantir 18 years. One remaining question at the start of the year for me was….who
will be the fastest private company to reach a $1 trillion valuation….well I think we have the answer to
that question…the only misfire was that it was more than one company.
Venture capital and Unicorn creation. In 2005 Preqin counted only two unicorns (VC backed companies
with valuations above $1bn). 2020 and 2021 created over 650 unicorns alone. Then the reckoning came
and the shift away from growth at any cost, valuations based on clicks and volumes and a harder non zirp
environment where capital became harder to find and source, up rounds were no longer the norm and
profitability became a thing. With shift came more 'illiquidity' for investors and fewer exits and, in many
cases, longer holding periods. If we look back at 2025…we see a segment where 1 year rolling IRR’s were
at 10 year lows….you fast forward to today…and we’ve just seen the biggest VC exit in history…and are
on track for trillions of dollars of market cap creation from venture backed companies….and the top 10
private tech companies are worth around $5 trillion of market cap at previous valuations. How quickly
things can change. In the land of venture…intangible assets are hard to measure , their value is opaque
they don’t fall under normal accounting rules or traditional valuation methodologies. Often much of the
value lies in founder or the tech…and the belief in one or both. Venture capital as a group finance the most
dynamic companies, generate disproportionate wealth and research and development, and knit together the
fertile networks that drive the knowledge economy.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities desk email.
