[Page 1]
GS Quinn - Nasdaq Futures: Restrained 26 Sep 2026
Robert Quinn  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
Sat 26 Sep 2026, 5:09am ET
Nasdaq Futures: Restrained
From September 15th - 22nd, AI and geopolitical tailwinds lifted Nasdaq to a new all-time high. The
option market exhibited a general chase for upside. However overall, leveraged positioning arguably
declined; Nasdaq 3 month funding fell and its premium relative to S&P diminished. Recently published
Commitment of Traders data explains why: Hedge Funds initiated a sizeable amount of futures shorts.
With markets reverting in subsequent sessions, some recently implemented downside unwound.
Nevertheless, professional sentiment seems restrained.
•
From September 15th - 22nd, AI and geopolitical tailwinds lifted Nasdaq to a new all-time high. Early
signs of success for Meta Platform's artificial intelligence agent boosted its stock and other beneficiaries,
mainly semiconductors. Moreover, oil prices tumbled due to hopes of diplomacy at the United Nations
General Assembly, aiding risk assets. Thus Nasdaq rose +6.2% and reached new heights.
•
The option market exhibited a general chase for upside. Nasdaq 3 month implied volatility richened in
relative terms. Normalized 25 delta put-call skew cheapened.
•
However overall, leveraged positioning arguably declined. Nasdaq 3 month funding fell and its premium
to S&P diminished.
•
Recently published Commitment of Traders data explains why: Hedge Funds initiated a sizeable amount
of futures shorts. Specifically, Non-Dealers sold -$12.8bn of Nasdaq futures during the 5 sessions. By
category, Hedge Fund (-$14.9bn) dominated with the most significant week of short selling (-$15.8bn) for
10+ years. Note a portion potentially represented offsets to the aforementioned call buying, a reversal of
the dynamic discussed in early September. That said, given the decline in funding, genuine selling
transpired. Non-Reportable activity was also bearish: -$3.4bn. Asset Manager and Other bought +$3.3bn
and +$2.2bn respectively.
•
With markets reverting in subsequent sessions, some recently implemented downside unwound. Over
September 22nd - 25th, higher real rates, fueled by a resurgence in oil and other factors, weighed on
equities (Nasdaq -0.4%). Nasdaq funding rebounded and futures aggregate open interest decreased.


[Page 2]
•
Nevertheless, professional sentiment seems restrained.
Nasdaq 3 Month Implied Volatility vs Normalized 25 Delta Put-Call Skew
Source: GS GBM as of September 25th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq 3 Month Funding
Source: GS GBM as of September 25th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq Non-Dealer Net Positioning vs Price
Source: GS GBM, CFTC as of September 22nd. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq Hedge Fund Net Positioning vs Price
Source: GS GBM, CFTC as of September 22nd. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq Hedge Fund Short Change ($ notional, 1 week)
Source: GS GBM, CFTC as of September 22nd. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Bookmark | Read


[Page 3]


[Page 4]


[Page 5]


[Page 6]


[Page 7]
