[Page 1]
GS Jeter - US EQUITIES COLOR ON THE WEEK 25 Sep 2026
Mitch Jeter  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, FICC & Equities
Fri 25 Sep 2026, 5:16pm ET
Strong end to the week for US equities with indices finishing in the green and SPX closing 71bps from the
ATHs despite multiple competing forces behind the scenes, with the Meta Muse AI wave, continued US-
Iran tensions, and rising yields all top of mind; on the week SPX +1.21% // NDX + 3.25% // R2K -0.68%.
On the macro front, headline roulette continued with debate around the Strait of Hormuz dominating
sentiment this week. Friday, The New York Times reported Iran proposed a conditional plan to reopen the
Strait of Hormuz within seven days and resume nuclear talks, providing some late week relief.
Importantly, the US-China trade truce was extended by two months as President Xi Jinping arrived in
Washington for his first state visit in eleven years, a positive geopolitical signal that provided some
support to risk assets mid-week. A continued surge in oil prices along with hot flash Sept PMIs pushed
yields through post-2007 highs. The 30-year Treasury yield hit its highest since 2004 on Thursday before
partially recovering Friday as oil retreated. Post FOMC decision last week, we have exited the blackout
period and heard hawkish commentary from a number of different officials this week: "further policy
adjustments are likely to be needed to ensure inflation returns to target in a timely fashion" (Barr) // "We
still haven't fixed the inflation issue. We're into more than five years of inflation above target" (Schmid) //
"not that much" had changed in the inflation trajectory, which was "precisely the issue" (Barkin).
On the micro front, META's Muse the focus this week, with its release causing ongoing AI agentic
proliferation (Consumer Inertia Basket -GSXUSWCH -4.54% on the week). META shares surged ~11%
on Monday, their best single day since April 2025, as Muse topped both the US Apple App Store and
Google Play charts, with over 902,000 downloads in its first six days. These positive headlines have
spurred life back into the momentum trade with our High Beta Momentum basket now on a 9-day win
streak, finishing +6.61% on the week.
From a flow's perspective, Asset managers were net sellers on the week, with supply concentrated in
consumer discretionary, communication services, tech, and health care vs small demand in macro
products. Hedge funds were better for sale with supply in macro products, consumer discretionary, and
communication services vs demand in tech and health care.
Looking ahead to next week: S&P implied move through next Friday (10/2) is 1.27%. Busy week of
macro + AI catalysts with investors closely watching Open AI's Dev Day on Tuesday & MU earnings
Friday. On the Macro front, handful of US data for the market to digest (PCE Wed, ISM Manf Thurs, and
NFP Fri). Reminder, following this week's PMI data, market currently pricing in 66% odds of an Oct Hike
(vs 53% last Friday). On the micro front, outside of MU earnings watching a handful of investor days
(MDB, ALK Tues; SNPS, CI, HPE Wed) and NKE earnings Thurs.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 25 September 2026. Authors: Mitch Jeter, Ariana Contessa, Lilly Belt, Mike
Washington.
