[Page 1]
GS Mourad - Global Reflections 25 Sep 2026
Faris Mourad  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 25 Sep 2026, 5:42pm ET
The equity market, to a large degree, remains beholden to energy and rates volatility. But under the hood,
secular themes are making a comeback: AI (G
The equity market, to a large degree, remains beholden to energy and rates volatility. But under the hood,
secular themes are making a comeback: AI (GSPUARTI) is +7.7%, the HALO trade (GSPUHALO) has
delivered +6.0% and Megacap vs. Non-Profitable Tech (GSPUMENP) is +3.9% on the week. Debates on
AI are increasingly focused on the application layer, though we think laggard infra beneficiaries also
warrant attention (again). Next week is a big macro week. The French government presents its budget bill
on Thursday; US NFPs are on Friday; and Brazil goes to the polls for first round elections on Sunday. Five
key points:
· AI agents have entered the conversation. Agentic AI adoption is ramping across consumer product
discovery, research, and choice optimization, which our analysts estimate will be a 3-5+ years transition,
analogous to the development of eCommerce. As AI agents become a more important starting point of
consumer shopping experiences, the strategic question shifts from who owns the digital storefront, to who
owns discovery, intent and infra required to fulfill a trusted transaction. Investor focus over the last week
has largely been on the Agentic (GSXUAGNT) vs Consumer Inertia trade (GSXUSWCH) which we
expect will continue as the market discovers incremental agentic application proofs. Note, GSXUSWCH


[Page 2]
has declined -12% since launch in end August. Investors should also pay attention to a growing cyber
security TAM – and our Cybersecurity basket (GSTMTCYB) - as additional risks and unknowns around
machine-to-machine transactions unfold.
Alternatively, lowering friction via agents could lead to more consumer demand and thus higher revenue,
which could negate this potential concern. Additionally, it’s worth flagging industry specific moats,
ecosystem benefits, and brand loyalty could ultimately be underappreciated by the market during this brief
transition period of uncertainty especially as price comparison is certainly not a new concept.
· Its time to short Non-Profitable Tech. US 10Y yields have been higher for 7 months in a row, inclusive of
September, tied for the longest streak in 50 years. With the equity market at its highs, investor
conversations reflect increased anxiety of what a downside scenario could be if the 10Y approached 6%.
Non-profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) tends to be the most vulnerable pocket of the equity market to higher
rates, but over the last year that rates correlation broke down, with increased retail participation and still
solid nominal growth supporting the Cyclicals vs. Defensives trade. With a 100bp+ expansion in the 10Y
and GSXUNPTC outperforming SPX by more than 20pp over the last year, we think the setup to short is
now very compelling. The basket has started to underperform the market this month (-11.8%) and we note
a sharp decline in retail participation YTD.
· Power trade getting its SPARK back. The US DOE committed to $5.25Bn spend to help fund 31 grid-
improvement projects across 26 states in order to improve grid reliability and lower electricity costs. The
plan estimates driving an additional 20+GW of grid capacity. Power (GSX1POW1) has been a laggard in
the AI rally as energy inflation and regulatory intervention risks weighed on the trade. We’re now seeing a
narrative shift towards greater power grid investment over price cap policies, while valuation and


[Page 3]
positioning have cleaned up to offer a solid ‘catch up’ opportunity into year-end. Europe’s Power
(GSXEPOWR) and Renewable (GSXERNEW) trades also stand to benefit from increased power
investment rhetoric in the US, and incremental datacentre announcements in Europe.
Click here to register for our POWER UP AMERICA webinar with Faris Mourad (US thematics), Carly
Davenport (Utilities Research), Joe Ritchie (Infrastructure Research), John Mackay (Pipelines Research),
and Adam Bubes (Machinery Research)[]
(https://marquee.gs.com/CL0/https:%2F%2Fgoldmansachs.zoom.us%2Fwebinar%2Fregister%2FWNK-
bXrrJsTXyMlRJGIzEA-Q/1/010001a0da84a80c-9a6b15e4-81b7-48f0-8d57-be326163a485-
000000/kVbZSC2fzWQPNtX0rGi88c2GewBfCjESymmBHBZHYA=452)
· Fiscal charges the European bull. To be a bull on European equities, you need fiscal stimulus to deliver.
But potential for a positive fiscal impulse differs significantly across countries. We are bullish German
Fiscal Beneficiaries (GSXEGFSC) as Germany executes its fiscal spend above expectations and with a
healthy <65% debt-to-GDP ratio. While the equities have derated on the energy shock, we think they’re
now ripe for inflection amid solid manufacturing PMI growth and earnings upside into 3Q reporting based
on supportive corporate commentary from our German conference. In contrast, France is entering an
election year with limited progress on deficit reduction, while borrow costs are on the rise. Our economists
expect debt-to-GDP to increase to 125% by 2030E, driving a negative feedback loop of higher debt and
lower growth. In this environment, we expect French domestics (GSXEFRDO) to continue
underperforming, beyond the -10% decline since early August particularly given a significant disconnect
in equity and credit risk pricing (OAT-Bund +100bp). But very near-term, there is scope for relief as the
narrative around Le Pen’s agenda shifts more bond market favorable, particularly evidenced by the move
in French Banks (GSXEFRBK) today. We prefer expressing our cautious medium-term view via Dec put
spreads on GSXEFRDO. GSXEFRDO Dec 95%/85% put spread costs 1.35%, 20d, 7.4x pay-out.
· Brazil goes to the polls next week. Ahead of the first round of Brazil’s presidential elections (Oct 4),
polls suggest the gap between the two front-runners has continued to narrow and waning support for third-
way candidates reinforces the perception of an increasingly binary choice between President Lula and
Flavio Bolsonaro. Across assets, our recent investor survey indicates Brazil equities are the least owned,
but also the pocket that could see the largest upside in a Bolsonaro win scenario (h/t Nelson Armbrust). We
like owning upside in our Brazil rate sensitive basket (GSBZRATE), which have potential to re-rate 30%+
(P/E from 9x to 12x) if local rates price in 200bps of cuts. Our investor conversations have indicated a
range of 200-300bps of rate cuts in a Bolsonaro win outcome.
As demand for options on baskets continues to accelerate, we've added a new pre-trade volatility tool to
Marquee. Clients can now instantly view indicative implied volatility surfaces while building a basket,
helping assess option pricing before engaging the desk. The tool displays indicative vols across: 1M, 2M,
and 3M maturities and 90%, 100%, and 110% strikes for US baskets with 3-300 names and maximum
constituent weights below 70%. While intended as a directional guide rather than executable pricing, it
provides a fast way to gauge the volatility profile of a custom basket during the construction process. For
live pricing or trade discussions, please reach out to the desk. Below, we've illustrated the feature using
one of this week's most actively discussed themes: Agentic AI, represented by an equal-weight basket of


[Page 4]
the top 10 names in the theme. The tool allows users to increase and decrease weights and/or add and drop
names to see the effect on the implied volatility of baskets.
Please reach out to custombaskets@gs.com[](custombaskets@gs.com) to request access to our new tool.
The AI debate is all about application. GSPUAGNT has rallied amid emerging agentic use cases


[Page 5]
But increased agentic adoption will also likely drive increased demand for cyber security and fraud
prevention
Source: 2026 Global Payments & Fraud Report, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Our Cybersecurity basket (GSTMTCYB) has rallied >130% from YTD lows, but a growing TAM will
likely drive significant further upside in coming months


[Page 6]
Non-Profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) tends to be the most vulnerable pocket to higher rates and
performance is starting to break as we breach 100bp+
French Domestics vs. Internationals (GSPEFRDI) have historically moved with credit spreads, implying
significant equity downside if spreads remain stretched


[Page 7]
Source of all charts unless mentioned otherwise: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Global Investment
Research, Bloomberg, Marquee, as of 25-September-2026. Past performance is not indicative of forward
returns. All baskets have been constructed by the custom baskets desk in FICC & Equities unless specified
otherwise. All references to "we"/"us"/"our" refers to the opinions and observations of the desk. Max loss
on bought options is premium paid, max loss on sold options is unlimited, max loss on delta one
implementations unlimited. Indicative Pricing Only.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Global Investment Research, Bloomberg, Marquee, as of 25 September 2026.
