[Page 1]
GS Wilson - weekly mash 25 Sep 2026
Mark Wilson  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 25 Sep 2026, 3:46pm ET
Despite the undoubted complexity of ongoing interconnected macro & micro themes, there are 3 key
reasons why the upside opportunity in equities into year-end is becoming increasingly clear – which are
best explained against the backdrop of the 2 key market impulses at play right now – both of which were
epitomised in price action again this week:
1/ After the 3mth consolidation in broad AI-levered themes, and a significant reduction in investor
positioning & weighting to the theme after a historic run-up in Q2, Monday saw a convincing breakout as
Meta’s Muse product both accelerated the market’s perception of AI’s timeline to broad consumer
adoption, and also lit a clear fear of missing out amongst many.
And
2/ Yields broke higher again; but this time the catalyst was not related to the extreme government & AI
capex cycle competition for capital, nor was it the energy complex-induced inflationary thrust; it was the
unabated strength of nominal growth in the US (as per stronger than expected PMI data).
On one hand, it’s surprising equities managed to hold a week of gains given the scale of the move in
yields; but given the upside realisation in growth & the derisking we’ve seen, perhaps that’s fairly simply
rationalised. Taking that at face value, and triangulating the mood of investors, two other views seem to be
widely & popularly held at present:
1/ After 7 consecutive months of higher 10yr US yields (the longest run in 50yrs!), risks are growing that
the bond market catalyses a move lower in equity prices; and
2/ Both a de-escalation in the Gulf & the (safe) passage past the Mid-Terms are required before re-risking
will occur.
Of course, as ever, the central questions are – how right are those consensus views, and how do these key
impulses resolve themselves from here? Which leads to those 3 reasons why the upside opportunity in
equities into year-end is becoming increasingly clear:
1. Inflation: as per the prior chart (7 months of higher yields), ever since the Iran conflict began the
headline energy price impact has clouded core inflation debate. However, tariff pass through is waning,
hikes (& associated tightening in FCI) are having impact, the 2nd derivative of growth is slowing, and
we’ve discovered through the Iran conflict that should SoH flows normalise, there’s meaningful downside
risk to energy prices (see 1st 2 charts below). Iran’s window of greatest negotiating leverage is presumably
from now til Nov 2nd, and so the risk of a new deflationary energy story anytime seems very clear. And
perhaps most importantly & trumping the energy story, Meta’s Muse just fired the first deflationary shot
across consumer goods & services. Our research work on the agentic AI era for commerce and our baskets
team’s work on consumer inertia stocks (3rd chart below) are both worth a read.


[Page 2]
2. Growth: activity has (specifically in the US) been better than expected, but also more resilient than
anticipated given the geo-political & energy price uncertainty of the last 6 months. But from here, that
upside risk diminishes and the 2nd derivative will slow. Jan Hatzius outlines why the fiscal benefits fade
from here (tax cut benefits diminish), gas price & mortgage rate increases will bite for segments of the
economy & consumer, and our strategists outline why the AI capex epoch will persist, but slow, from here.
Combined with the prior points on inflation, all this will mean central banks likely disappoint on hikes
versus what’s currently priced (see right side of chart below for GS expectations vs the forward pricing),
and that now is the wrong time to be worrying about higher yields – the time for that was 7 months ago.
3. Earnings: there is a very justifiable debate playing out today on the sustainability of corporate earnings
growth, and the degree to which we’re in the middle of an “earnings bubble”. Fortunately, Ben Snider’s
US strategy team just wrote the required research to help pick your side, “Over-earning, but not an
earnings bubble”. The market is disappointingly incapable of holding many things true at the same time,
but on this theme there seem to be 3 likely truths: 1/ don’t pay for record “other income”; 2/ memory
stocks & some semis are over-earning; and 3/ core earnings are likely to be particularly strong, even if
slowing, through at least the end of 2027 (see the light blue bars below).
The market’s been trying to price the risk of a meaningful slowdown in growth & earnings, alongside even
higher rates. The stagflation narrative’s a neat one – but it’s also not consistent with the data; slowing
growth & a falling inflation threat, with an easing in CB hawkishness is not a bad mix for equities –
especially when stocks have de-rated all year. In many ways, this is the back-and-forth markets battled for
multiple years through the last major technology step-change in the mid/late-90s. From here, if
stagflation’s expected but goldilocks is delivered, equities are very well set to follow the widely
documented historic pattern of decent gains from Mid-Terms to year end.
I’m increasingly of the view you don’t want to wait for the Mid-Terms; and although much of this note has
focused on the US, Europe & the UK are set up just as well to participate, albeit for slightly different
reasons (as the energy price threat recedes).
Have a good weekend. Mark
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities desk email.
