[Page 1]
We now expect the US Federal 
Reserve (Fed) to raise rates by a 
further 75 basis points by the second 
quarter of 2027, taking the federal 
funds target range to 4.5-4.75%. This 
is 50 basis points higher than our 
previous forecast. We continue to 
expect one additional 25 basis points 
increase by the end of 2026.
Our revised view follows the Federal 
Open Market Committee’s (FOMC) 
September meeting, at which it raised 
the federal funds target range by  
25 basis points to 3.75-4.0%.
 
The Fed is no longer giving forward 
guidance, creating uncertainty about 
the timing and magnitude of future 
moves. Even so, recent comments 
from Fed Chair Kevin Warsh point to 
further tightening, and we see four 
developments supporting a higher 
terminal rate.
1. Financial conditions remain too 
accommodative
Mr Warsh has made broader financial 
conditions central to how the Fed 
assesses policy. 
At the Jackson Hole Economic Policy 
Symposium in August, he said he 
was “hard-pressed to describe broad 
financial conditions as restrictive”. He 
repeated this view during September’s 
FOMC press conference, where he 
noted that it was “widely shared by 
the committee” and that the Fed 
had therefore “removed a dose of 
accommodation”. Mr Warsh also 
indicated that the highly uncertain 
neutral interest rate should play a 
more limited role in guiding policy. 
This changes both the starting point 
for policy and the benchmark against 
which future tightening is assessed.
The hawkish tilt is reflected in 
the FOMC’s dot plot. The median 
policymaker expects one further  
25 basis points hike this year and no 
additional move in 2027. However, 
four participants expect two further 
hikes in 2026, while eight anticipate 
a total of 50 basis points of further 
tightening by the end of 2027. The 
median long-run dot – an indication 
of the FOMC’s estimate of the longer-
term neutral rate – has risen to 3.25%.
ALLIANZGI.COM
Four reasons behind
our higher Fed interest
rate forecast
SEPTEMBER 2026
Martin Hochstein
Senior Economist


[Page 2]
2
2. A no-landing economy is not delivering 
sufficient disinflation
Mr Warsh highlighted the recent 
strengthening of the economy. Consumer 
spending remains resilient, labour market 
conditions are solid, productivity growth 
has improved and business investment 
remains robust.
But inflation remains elevated and 
has been above target for more than 
five years. Mr Warsh stressed that the 
underlying trend had not improved 
meaningfully and remained too broad-
based. Rising commodity prices add 
another upside risk.
The FOMC’s September economic 
projections highlight the tension. The 
median projection is for real GDP growth 
of 2.3% this year and 2.4% next year, with 
unemployment holding at 4.1% throughout 
the forecast horizon. However, inflation is 
expected to decline only gradually. Core 
personal consumption expenditures (PCE) 
inflation is expected to ease from 3.4%  
this year to 2.5% next year and 2.2% in 
2028, before reaching the 2% target only  
in 2029.1
In our view, the no-landing economic 
backdrop makes the inflation outlook 
harder to call. With growth above 
potential and employment still strong, 
inflation is unlikely to return sustainably 
to target without some cooling in the 
economy. Structural pressures compound 
that challenge. Mr Warsh has argued that 
lower inflation does not need to mean 
weaker employment, but we think that 
trade-off will become harder to avoid as 
policy tightens.
3. Credibility and independence remain 
important 
The September rate increase came amid 
renewed political scrutiny of the Fed. The 
FOMC’s unanimous vote in favour of a rate 
hike is a reassuring sign of institutional 
resilience and independence, underscoring 
the committee’s willingness to follow its 
economic assessment.
More broadly, recent US Treasury 
interventions to try to contain long-term 
yields underscore the risk of rising tensions 
between fiscal and monetary policy. 
With inflation still too high, the Fed needs 
to match its tough talk with action to 
regain credibility and deliver on its dual 
mandate of price stability and maximum 
employment.
4. Inflation comes first
Since his nomination as Fed chair, we have 
viewed Mr Warsh as an orthodox inflation 
hawk with a more dovish view of the 
economy’s supply potential. His priorities 
and sequencing are now clearer: inflation 
must be addressed first. Stronger medium-
term productivity growth, including 
from AI-related investment, could lift the 
economy’s growth potential, but it is not 
a substitute for bringing current inflation 
under control.
At Jackson Hole, Mr Warsh said underlying 
inflation needed to move towards the 2% 
target clearly and at sufficient speed. In 
September, he judged that this test had not 
been passed. The rate hike was presented 
as a necessary step to reduce support for 
the economy and help inflation return to 
target sooner, rather than as a technical 
response to a higher neutral rate or a 
symbolic move to bolster credibility.
1	 Source: Summary of Economic Projections, US Federal Reserve, 16 September 2026.
Outlook: September’s rise is the first step in a longer hiking cycle
The Fed has begun to take support out of the economy, moving policy to a tighter stance. The September increase 
is likely to be the first step in a longer cycle rather than a one-off move. Financial conditions still support growth, 
the economy remains resilient, and inflation is the Fed’s main concern. The need to reinforce its commitment to 
price stability also points to further rate rises. 
FOUR REASONS BEHIND OUR HIGHER FED INTEREST RATE FORECAST


[Page 3]
Investing involves risk. The value of an investment and the income from it may fall as well as rise and investors might not get back 
the full amount invested.
Past performance does not predict future returns. If the currency in which the past performance is displayed differs from the currency 
of the country in which the investor resides, then the investor should be aware that due to the exchange rate fluctuations the perfor 
mance shown may be higher or lower if converted into the investor’s local currency. 
This is for information only and not to be construed as a solicitation or an invitation to make an offer to buy or sell any securities. The 
views and opinions expressed herein, which are subject to change without notice, are those of the issuer or its affiliated companies 
at the time of publication. The data used is derived from various sources and assumed to be accurate and reliable at the time of 
publication, but it has not been independently verified; its accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed and no liability is assumed 
for any direct or consequential losses arising from its use, unless caused by gross negligence or willful misconduct. The duplication, 
publication, extraction or transmission of the contents, irrespective of the form, is not permitted, except for the case of explicit 
permission by Allianz Global Investors. 
This material has not been reviewed by any regulatory authorities. 
This document is being distributed by the following Allianz Global Investors companies: In Australia, this material is presented by 
Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Limited (“AllianzGI AP”) and is intended for the use of investment consultants and other institu 
tional/professional investors only, and is not directed to the public or individual retail investors. AllianzGI AP is not licensed to provide 
financial services to retail clients in Australia. AllianzGI AP is exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian Foreign Financial 
Service License under the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) pursuant to ASIC Class Order (CO 03/1103) with respect to the provision of 
financial services to wholesale clients only. AllianzGI AP is licensed and regulated by Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission 
under Hong Kong laws, which differ from Australian laws; in the European Union, by Allianz Global Investors GmbH, an investment 
company in Germany, authorized by the German Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungs-aufsicht (BaFin) and is authorized and 
regulated in South Africa by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority; in the UK, by Allianz Global Investors (UK) Ltd. company 
number 11516839, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA); in Switzerland, by Allianz Global Investors 
(Schweiz) AG, authorised by the Swiss financial markets regulator (FINMA); in HK, by Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Ltd., 
licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission; in Singapore, by Allianz Global Investors Singapore Ltd., regulated 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore [Company Registration No. 199907169Z]; in Japan, by Allianz Global Investors Japan Co., 
Ltd., registered in Japan as a Financial Instruments Business Operator [Registered No. The Director of Kanto Local Finance Bureau 
(Financial Instruments Business Operator), No. 424], Member of Investment Management Association of Japan and Type II Financial 
Instruments Firms Association; in mainland China, it is for Qualified Domestic Institutional Investors scheme pursuant to applicable 
rules and regulations and is for information purpose only; in Taiwan, by Allianz Global Investors Taiwan Ltd., licensed by Financial 
Supervisory Commission in Taiwan; in Indonesia, by PT. Allianz Global Investors Asset Management Indonesia licensed by Indonesia 
Financial Services Authority (OJK); and in the Abu Dhabi Global Market by Allianz Global Investors Middle East Limited, which is 
authorised and regulated by the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority with Financial Services Permission number 250070.
Allianz Global Investors 2026| September | CD4705
5957068 (Admaster)
For more information, please visit:
	
www.allianzgi.com		
  LinkedIn	 	
  YouTube
FOUR REASONS BEHIND OUR HIGHER FED INTEREST RATE FORECAST
 
MACS-P-23343082
