[Page 1]
 
Stock Correlation Is Defying All Expectations 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 25, 2026 - 07:05 PM 
Stock-to-stock correlation is at all-time lows even as common-factor risks from higher yields and 
higher bond volatility are rising. 
Yields are yet to retreat in any meaningful way this week, still at levels they have not visited for 
over 20 years. 
As Bloomberg macro strategist, Simon White, explains below, you might think the stock market 
would show greater concern, but instead it is near all-time highs, while the VIX is only at ~15. 
 
That’s in large part due to index correlation. 
Average single-stock volatility is relatively more elevated, but the dampening effect of low 
correlation is clipping the wings of the VIX. 
The relentless drop in correlation is quite remarkable, given the burgeoning number of risks that 
imply stocks could be impacted by a single factor.  


[Page 2]
 
Given that the shares are in the same index, and are sensitive to the same borrowing costs and 
the same domestic and global economy, stock-to-stock correlation can’t, in theory, go negative. 
However, it’s making a good go of it, with the six-month realised correlation (ie based on 
realised volatilities) for the S&P hitting a series low (data back to 2011) - and likely an all-time 
low - of only 5.2%. Implied correlation is not quite at its record lows, but isn’t too far off it. 
But common factor risks are rising. 
Most visibly we can see that in yields and yield vol. 
 
The latter has generally been trending down even as yields were rising, as the increase was 
seen as ultimately stabilising, it being primarily driven by an inflation-dampening tightening of 
short-term rates. 
Yet since Wednesday’s strong PMI data, yield vol has started to rise too as the move becomes 
more disorderly. 
Strong growth intensifies inflation risks when accompanied by a massive pro-cyclical deficit 
inappropriate for this stage in the cycle, alongside huge AI-related spending. 
That means stocks are more prone to yield shocks that would cause them to fall more as one 
unit, ie they would become more correlated.  
Current implied and realised index correlation for stocks appears too backwards looking, and 
neither is yet factoring in the rising potential of common-factor risks, principally from yields. 
 
