[Page 1]
 
Oracle Still On The Hook To Pay Data Center 
Investors Despite Force Majeure Declaration 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 25, 2026 - 01:25 PM 
Update (11:00pm ET): Earlier today, after reporting on the startling news that - in the first major 
crack for the US data center story - Oracle had declared a force majeure on its massive 
2.25GW. New Mexico "Project Jupiter" data center, advising its top project developer it would be 
relieved from its contractual obligations due to unforeseen permitting delays resulting in an 
inability to power up the project (see below), we joked tongue-in cheek, that all those residual 
value guarantees, which are a mainstay of the data center SPV and which are meant to be used 
mostly for credit enhancement, are about to be tested in reverse some 5 years earlier than 
expected. 
And while we (mostly) meant it as joke, it now turns out that Oracle has indeed guarantee to 
make payments, no matter what notices it sends out to its development partners.  
Shortly after the news hit, Oracle entered damage control mode, first refusing to admit it had 
issued a force majeure, and then curiously arguing that force majeurs are "often used to 
preserve contractual rights among project partners. They do not, by themselves, establish a 
project delay or change delivery expectations." To which we asked to see the full text of the 
notice. 
Alas, Oracle has yet to publish it (we won't be holding our breath) but the FT had some more 
luck, and reports that according to sources, Oracle is - in fact - on the contractual hook, having 
guaranteed payouts to investors on a massive New Mexico data center even if it fails to secure 
electrical power before the project is due to come online.  
While Oracle may believe that its force majeure notice related to the power supply to the project 
developer, a unit of Blue Owl Capital, may provide it with a financial firewall, under the terms of 
the contract Oracle is still liable to pay a “carry cost” in lieu of rent payments for up to three 
years if the project is not ready by the deadline for the first phase to start operating in the first 
half of 2027.  
Which we now know with certainty it won't be. 


[Page 2]
 
That means that with construction is already under way at the 1,400-acre campus in Doña Ana 
County, Oracle could be left paying for a site without electricity to run the facility if the power 
hook-up is not secured in time. 
“The power delivery risk sits with Oracle, not the investors,” one of the people said.  
While the force majeure clause invoked by Oracle - a common legal provision intended to 
release parties from their obligations if an uncontrollable event makes fulfilling the contract 
impossible - may allow Oracle to put off rent payments to Blue Owl, it still had to pay a fee that 
would cover the interest payments to debt holders in full as well as a certain level of equity 
return for Blue Owl funds that have invested billions of dollars in the project, people familiar with 
the contract said. 
A bigger problem - and a sign of growing tension between Oracle and its partners - is that there 
was also disagreement about whether a force majeure clause can be triggered before a 
project’s scheduled completion date, a second person said.  
As we reported previously, the Oracle bank consortium - which consists of more than 20 banks 
led by BNP Paribas, Goldman Sachs, MUFG and SMBC, who provided $18bn of construction 
debt for the project late last year - has been unsuccessful in syndicating the debt to a broader 
group of institutional investors due to growing concerns around Oracle’s creditworthiness 
following an unprecedented borrowing spree, leaving the banks with more Oracle-linked project 
debt on their balance sheets than initially planned. 
Earlier this week, when we first predicted the major delays, we reported that those loans were 
trading at a stressed level, below 90 cents on the dollar: the first clue that the wheels were 
falling off the bus.   
As they clearly now are.  
* * *  
Earlier 
Two days ago, when we discussed the startling news that loans backing one of the world's 
largest data centers - Oracle's massive $165 billion Project Jupiter located on a 1,400 acres 
campus in Dona Ana country, New Mexico and which is projected to power 2.45GW of compute 
when it is completed - had tumbled into stressed territory and were trading below 90 cents on 
the dollar due to a surge in project delays due to fierce local opposition over concerns about its 
impact on the local area’s water supply and air quality, as well as outcry about the gas 
emissions from the company's contracted energy provider, Bloom Energy, we warned that 
"Project Jupiter’s initial phase is as of this moment at least seven months behind its proposed 


[Page 3]
 
date to come online. It was expected to be completed by November this year. It won't be; in fact 
it may not be completed for years." 
We were right.  
This morning Bloomberg reported that - in the first very clear sign of huge storm clouds 
gathering for the US data center rollout - Oracle had moved to shield itself from racking up 
expenses on its data center, by sending the project’s developer, a unit of Blue Owl Capital Inc., 
a notice citing "force majeure", meaning the company had encountered conditions "beyond its 
contractual control" preventing it from proceeding as scheduled. 
As Bloomberg explains the first shot across the data center bow, "rather than trying to walk 
away as the site’s main tenant, Oracle is attempting to put off payments should the data center 
dubbed Project Jupiter get derailed and fail to come online in 2028 as planned." 
 
Oracle's massive Project Jupiter data center in New Mexico. 
Companies only invoke force majeure to free themselves from contractual obligations when 
problems arise beyond their control - a recent such example was Qatar's LNG plant telling its 
customers it can't deliver the contracted product due to enemy action by Iran, which crippled the 
country's LNG production for years. In this case, Oracle is seeking to assert its contractual 
position if the build out is delayed. 
Still, Bloomberg cautions, it’s not certain that such a maneuver would free Oracle from its 
previously agreed financial obligations. 


[Page 4]
 
Translation: the construction delays - which will only get worse if Democrats win back the house 
at the midterm elections - have blown up the project's scheduled rollout, are wreaking havoc on 
the data center's budget revenues, and even the extremely levered company that is supposed 
to be the data center's core tenant, Oracle, is no longer confident it will be able to fund its 
contractual obligations.  
Oracle - naturally - tried to talk down the impact of the force majeure, with a spokesman saying 
“Project Jupiter remains on our planned schedule,” without commenting on the notice. “We are 
fully committed to New Mexico and confident in our path forward.” 
Well, and this goes without saying, if Oracle was so confident in the "path forward" it wouldn't be 
advising its project developer it can't be held to its contractual obligations! 
As we showed earlier this week (see corporate entity chart below), the massive project in 
southern New Mexico is a major part of the Stargate AI infrastructure build-out that US 
President Donald Trump unveiled alongside leaders of Oracle, OpenAI and SoftBank Group 
Corp., serving as the marquee announcement in a series of US spending commitments that he 
touted in the early days of his second term. At the time, Trump called it a “tremendous 
investment” at a scale that “nobody’s really ever seen.” More importantly, as the anchor Project 
Stargate campus, any delays in its rollout put OpenAI's own timing and budgets in peril as it 
won't have access to Oracle compute (it gets worse as the other Stargate data center, SB 
Energy, is also facing staggering challenges as discussed two days ago).  
 
Much more data available to pro subscribers. 


[Page 5]
 
As we explained here, the biggest problem facing the data center is that almost two years after 
it was announced, the campus designed to handle a massive 2.45 gigawatts - enough electricity 
to power roughly 1.8 million homes at any given moment - has hit serious setbacks including the 
denial of a permit key to its plans for energy resources, and has now become a symbol of the 
growing backlash against the broader AI data center boom and a political flashpoint ahead of 
the US midterm elections that threatens to turn races into referendums over the build-out. 
Where today's announcement gets especially problematic is that even if the force majeure 
notice is intended as a precautionary step to win some wiggle room - as the company 
apparently intends - it risks alarming lenders backing the project, and we expect the price of the 
$18 billion leverage loan backing the project to be down sharply today from its recent level 
around 90 cents on the dollar.  A group of about 20 banks led by SMBC, BNP Paribas, Goldman 
and MUFG, provided an $18 billion loan to help fund the construction of the data center 
campus, one of several mega-debt deals that have helped bankroll the AI infrastructure boom. It 
goes without saying that Oracle, a company with $167 billion in debt... 
 
... and CDS which are soaring to new record wides every day... 


[Page 6]
 
 
... the last thing it want s to do is "alarm lenders." 
The notice will also raise questions again about the resilience of data center leases. Contracts 
often include a clause allowing customers to back out if service doesn’t begin as scheduled. 
Earlier this year, Google agreed to pay Elon Musk’s SpaceX for computing power through 
mid-2029, for example, but reserved the right to terminate if it didn’t gain access by a certain 
date.  
Force majeure have become common in the energy and commodities world (especially after the 
Iran war) when events such as bad weather and geopolitical conflicts disrupt supplies, leaving 
companies unable to fulfill their contracts. The clauses are becoming more common in data 
center developments as well, according to a recent client alert from Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & 
Sullivan LLP. 
“In AI data center projects, force majeure is no longer a back-end boilerplate provision,” the 
June alert said. “It is a core litigation and risk-allocation tool that can determine whether a delay 
remains isolated — or cascades through the project’s construction, customer, power, insurance, 
and financing documents.” 
The challenge is that even the smallest delays throw the bondholders' IRR calculation into 
disarray, which risks chilling the entire debt-funded AI buildout, as lack of data centers will 
quickly propagate, putting expansion plans on hold across the entire AI value chain.  
It also risks snagging OpenAI's much anticipated IPO. 


[Page 7]
 
Not only is Sam Altman's compute-starved company reliant on the prompt rollout of data centers 
such as Project Jupiter, much to the delight of China which as we noted has almost 4x more 
spare energy and compute capacity than the US... 
... OpenAI is also directly on the hook for the data center's rollout, having signed a $400 billion 
deal with Oracle and SoftBank last year to support the development of five US data centers 
including the New Mexico site. Stack Infrastructure, a portfolio company of Blue Owl, is 
developing the facility, while Blue Owl itself has committed to providing equity (see org chart 
above). Not surprisingly OWL stock tumbled to a new 2 month low today and is rapidly 
approaching its all time lows.  
And speaking of the energy needed to power the data center, here there are delays too: a key 
natural gas pipeline project developed by Energy Transfer LP that was supposed to begin 
service this month and supply fuel to Project Jupiter was instead delayed by at least six months 
to Feb. 1, 2027, following repeated permit denials from the New Mexico State Land Office to 
approve a proposed route for the line. Project Jupiter is designed to be powered by 
gas-powered fuel cells from Bloom Energy (whose stock is also sliding on the news). 
Oracle, for its part, has launched a charm offensive in New Mexico to counter the opposition. It 
remains unclear whether the company will win over the project’s skeptics. 
Before Project Jupiter was revealed in full, the developers worked with local officials on an 
incentive plan and a strategy for how to roll out information to the public, according to 
documents previously reviewed by Bloomberg. Locals only learned the venture was tied to 
Oracle and OpenAI after it was approved. 
And even if the Oracle data center somehow manages to overcome the massive movement of 
grassroot opposition, outrage and discontent against data centers in New Mexico - where a 
Democrat victory in November virtually assures even more delays - and the broader US, 
OpenAI has even more problems ahead. 
As we explained on Tuesday, its second, and even bigger Stargate anchor data center, SB 
Energy, just delayed its IPO for very much the same concerns: delays, delays, delays. Today's 
Oracle news could very well be the final nail in the coffin of that particular public offering before 
it even leaves the ground.  


[Page 8]
 
 
The SB Energy data center, which when completed would be the world's biggest generating as 
much as 8GW of compute, would be Masa Son's crowning achievement as the Japanese 
investor strives for AI immortality. Yet if ordinary people on the ground resist and refuse to 
greenlight its development, it - along with Stargate and his investment in OpenAI - could very 
well be the last investment Masa Son ever makes.  
 
 
 
