[Page 1]
 
Higher Oil & Rates (Finally) Hit Stocks As Hawks 
Circle, Hormuz Hope Fades, Hyperscalers Hiccup 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 25, 2026 - 10:00 AM 
Tl;dr: Higher oil prices (MidEast escalation, brief 'deal' rumor relief) and higher rates (circular 
with oil, hawkish FedSpeak, better macro again, and a weak 'buyback') dragged stocks down 
(until 'phased deal' with Iran rumors snapped us to unch briefly, but AI anxiety is growing (force 
majeure pushed ORCL CDS to record high) but stocks ended unch. The dollar extended gains 
pulling gold lower as crypto chopped sideways. 
 
Before we dig into the day's dirty market details, a quick glance at the macro-economy. The 
Atlanta Fed's GDPNOW model is forecasting 5% GDP growth in Q3 (matching the implications 
of yesterday's strong PMIs) and further improvements today pulled the US Macro Surprise Index 
up to its highest in two months... 


[Page 2]
 
 
Just don't tell the American Consumer (the most high frequency of which is tracking at three 
year lows)... 
 
...likely not helped by anxiety over AI's impact on their lives and more likely by the soaring cost 
of goods, driven by exploding fuel bills... 


[Page 3]
 
Energy 
Oil prices rose for the second day in a row with Brent crude futures (front month) extending its 
rise back above $100 amid further escalations - Saudi Arabia said it intercepted six Houthi 
ballistic missiles, and Iran threatened escalation beyond the Persian Gulf... 
Around 12ET (as crude was hitting the day's highs), the following headline hit from Reuters: 
US,IRAN EXPLORE PHASED DEAL TO REOPEN HORMUZ, END BLOCKADE. stoking 
optimism and smashing prices lower instantly, but within a hour,a well-placed Iranian reporter 
denied: 
"The Reuters report is false and its goal is to control the price of oil. no negotiations are 
underway. #Iran's position remains unchanged: the U.S. must fulfill the stipulated conditions in a 
single step so that the Strait of #Hormuz can be opened under Iranian control. Period." 
Oil prices rebounded on that denial... 
 
No news was no news today on the 'diesel export ban' narrative and both US and EU diesel 
chopped sideways to modestly lower on the day... 


[Page 4]
 
 
Oddly quiet on the geopol-energy complex but still prices wanted to keep rising as any hopes for 
a UN-talks-driven deal remain off the table as Trump himself admitted - why would Iran 'deal' 
now with Midterms less than 40 days away. 
BUT WAIT... late in the day, Iranian President Pzeshkian said that "we don’t want it to get to the 
midterm elections,” in a brief meeting with NBC News and other news organizations on the 
sidelines of the United Nations General Assembly. 
“We wish Americans to return to the MOU before the midterms,” Pezeshkian added, referring to 
a memorandum of understanding between the U.S. and Iran that laid out plans for a temporary 
ceasefire. 
The agreement, signed in June, eventually collapsed. 
Oil completely ignored that report... which tells you all you need to know about the veracity of 
any of these rumors of a 'deal' during market hours. 
A couple things also standing out at the very front-end of the energy curve - both signaling 
significant physical tightness remains... 
Dated Brent is back above $125 (with a dramatic $18 backwardation)... 


[Page 5]
 
 
And the WTI Cash Roll is back up at almost $6 - dramatically out of the norm... 
 
As we transition from the energy complex to rates, it is worth noting that today saw stocks and 
crude catch up to yesterday's bond market move (having decoupled from the bloodbath in the 
afternoon)... 


[Page 6]
 
 
Nevertheless, as the chart shows, yields were rising once again today and the Iranians are 
watching... 
Iran's Parliament Speaker Ghalibaf saying: "Happy 5.1% 10Y America, celebrate: it's the floor 
two years out." 
"You wanted Iran dragged back to 1970s? Nobody told you Iran isn't for arrogant amateurs? 
We'll return you to 1970s rates, plus high gas prices, diesel shortages and bell-bottoms. Enjoy 
the nostalgia!" he adds. 


[Page 7]
 
 
Ouch! 
Rates 
Higher oil prices and further better-than-expected US macro data (claims and new home sales) 
pushed rates higher again (most notably at the long-end). 
An ugly 7Y auction (almost 1bps tail) following yesterday's ugly 5Y auction didn't help. 
Then a smaller than expected ($4BN) bond buyback from Treasury pushed yields to the highs of 
the day. 
The long-end underperformed (30Y +7bps today, 2Y up only 1.5bps). On the week, the belly is 
the laggard, up around 18bps... 


[Page 8]
 
 
The 10Y Yield hit 5.18% going out at its highs of the day within a bp or two of triggering angst 
for stocks... 
 
The 30Y yield is getting very close to taking out 2004 highs to go back to 2001 highs... 


[Page 9]
 
 
Fed officials did nothing to calm things down, pulling out their most hawkish masks... 
●​ Governor Barr said "further policy adjustments are likely to be needed to ensure inflation 
returns to target in a timely fashion."  
●​ Philly Fed President Anna Paulson said additional interest rate increases may be 
needed to ensure inflation returns to the central bank’s 2% goal: “Looking ahead, if 
conditions evolve as I expect, some modest further tightening may be warranted." 
●​ Cleveland Fed President Beth Hammack said the US economy is facing a series of 
supply shocks, increasing the risk that an inflationary mindset takes hold: “The inflation 
outlook continues to be highly uncertain, with risks tilted to the upside... The longer that 
high inflation persists, the more challenging and costly it can be to bring it back down.” 
●​ FRBNY President John Williams said there is still a lot of work to do on inflation, adding 
that market expectations for another interest-rate hike by the end of the year is a 
“reasonable way of thinking about it, but we’ll have to see.” 
All of which left October odds of a hike around 70% (and 80% of another in Dec)... 


[Page 10]
 
 
With the market now dramatically more hawkishly priced than The Fed's Dots (specifically 
repricing The Fed's terminal rate expectations)... 
 
Treasury bond vol is also spiking, dramatically decoupling from equity vol... 


[Page 11]
 
 
In fact bond vol is now higher than equity vol for the first time in a year 
 
And as we transition from bonds to stocks, it would be rude of us not to mention that credit is 
really not playing along with the exuberant awesomeness of stocks... 


[Page 12]
 
 
...same balance sheet risks (ish), different realities? 
Stocks 
Stocks continue to largely see the bond bloodbathery as noise for now... 
 


[Page 13]
 
But, as we noted earlier, the equity jockeys are getting close to being knocked off their horses 
by rising costs of capital. 
Nevertheless, If you only watch the close, you'd think nothing happened... but in between there 
was lots of malarkey under the surface. 
 
Healthcare stocks outperformed (not exactly 'risk-on') with Energy giving up its lead (but still 
ending green). Tech was lower on the day, but Materials were the biggest losers... 


[Page 14]
 
 
Basically, rumors of an Iran deal (later denied, but who cares about that) saved the day for 
stonks with AI swinging from a big laggard to equal-footing with Ex-AI... 
 
AI Leaders all swung at the same time from losers to winners. BUT Agentic AI ended lower, 
Semis flat as NeoClouds outperformed... 


[Page 15]
 
 
But, below that surface it wasn't pretty... ORCL was ugly today as its CDS hit a new record high 
after declaring force majeure on its giant "Project Jupiter" data-center... 
 
...punching the stock lower... 


[Page 16]
 
 
That dragged hyperscaler CDS overall wider (with Token costs still hovering below $1) with 
hyperscaler stocks managed a modest gain... 
 
META just kept soaring (up another 4% today).. 


[Page 17]
 
 
Momentum continued its big comeback... 
 
But 'Most Shorted' were slammed again, unable to recover on the 'deal' hopes... 


[Page 18]
 
 
And before we leave equity-land, this is the 8th day in a row that NYSE New Lows have 
outnumbered NYSE New Highs... 
 
...and 13th day of the last 14... with the S&P within 1% of its highs?! 


[Page 19]
 
Everything Else 
The dollar extended its recent sizable gains - now at its strongest relative to its fiat peers since 
late July.... 
 
Gold suffered on the back of those dollar gains, back below $4300 and holding around last 
week's lows for now... 


[Page 20]
 
 
While bitcoin trod water around the $84,000 level... 
 
Finally, as one veteran trader summarized, the path ahead is treacherous:  
"...the only thing that was keeping [the US] economy afloat was AI right... only problem is that 
AI/Data-Centers spend is now spilling out so much inflation (overheating) it is making further 


[Page 21]
 
debt-funded-growth impossible, which means rug-pull from under AI any second... which is 
deflationary... sending 10Y yields and oil plunging... as AI stocks collapse." 
And no one should have expected Bessent's buybacks to save the day. As we noted previously, 
it's a drop in the ocean!!... 
 
With at least half of next year's $1.3 trillion AI CapEx being debt-funded, it is no surprise the 
big-spenders are seeking government-backing or guarantees (as even for this so -called 
'pristine' balance sheets, there's a ;limit to just how high a cost of capital they can handle. And 
this morning's move by Oracle, with its CDS hitting new record wides... 


[Page 22]
 
 
... is the biggest canary in this coalmine yet. 
 
 
 
