[Page 1]
 
Oracle Bonds Plunge To Record Low As $30 Billion 
CapEx In Peril On Data Center Turmoil 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 25, 2026 - 09:55 PM 
While Oracle stock remains just above yesterday's lows following the news of the company's 
force majeure at its massive "Project Jupiter" New Mexico Data Center, perhaps aided by a 
stock market which is stubbornly stable in the face of soaring bond yields and no actual 
geopolitical de-escalation, the same can not be said for its CDS, which yesterday hit a new all 
time wide (along with the broader hyperscaler complex)... 
... or its bonds, which just hit a new record high yield of 8.16% for the 2056 maturity: since this is 
where comparable B3/B- junk rated credits trade, this is a major problem for the (still) 
investment grade-rated (Baa2/BBB-) company as it suggests a downgrade to junk may be 
imminent (S&P and Moodys downgraded the company to just one notch above Junk back in 
July, they will likely downgrade it again soon) which would violently reprice the company's 
$120BN worth of bonds and spill over into the broader hyperscaler sector. 


[Page 2]
 
 
The drop is not for lack of defense from the sellside. Overnight, Barclays credit strategist 
Andrew Keches published a note (available to pro subs), writing that "the financial implications 
from a lease standpoint are de minimis. ORCL is likely paying modestly reduced monthly fees 
while under a force majeure, but the lease expense is a relatively small part of the economic 
picture."  
Goldman TMT specialist Sean Johnstone also piled on (note here) writing that investors did not 
read the force majeure as Oracle walking away from the capacity, "but rather as legal protection 
against paying rent before the site is operational if delays persist." 
And yet despite Wall Street attempts to talk down the damage, sentiment is clearly far worse 
than just 48 hours ago. 
Picking up where we left off last night when we reported that Oracle is still on the hook for 
payments to its investors, as well as rent, despite the force majeure, this morning the WSJ 
follows up with "Cracks in Oracle’s AI Data-Center Build-Out Appear in Massive New Mexico 
Project" in which it reveals that Oracle made "aggressive financial commitments for the facility in 
contracts that allow it little wiggle room" which have left “Project Jupiter” mired in challenges 
over power supply and permitting "and is fast becoming a prime example of the risks in the tech 
giant’s sprawling and expensive artificial-intelligence gambit." 
As the WSJ further writes, "Oracle signed a lease for the New Mexico facility with so-called 
hell-or-high-water terms, meaning the deal can’t be terminated and Oracle is obligated to make 


[Page 3]
 
rent payments regardless of whether it has secured the power to operate the data centers, 
according to people with knowledge of the deal." 
The company overhauled its original power plans to address local resistance to its idea to use 
gas turbines and diesel generators, but it has yet to obtain the air permits it needs from the 
state. It is also facing roadblocks because a small portion of a proposed 17-mile natural-gas 
pipeline would pass through state land, and it has been rejected twice. 
And in recent months, Oracle booted one of its key land and power partners from the 
development, according to people familiar with the matter.  
With the project suddenly grinding to a halt over lack of energy (a topic we have been 
hammering since 2025), Oracle had no choice but to deliver the force majeure notice to Stack 
Infrastructure - the site’s developer, which is owned by investment firm Blue Owl Capital funds - 
that it would push back the date at which it will pay full rent. The lease gives Oracle the right to 
do that for up to three years. Project Jupiter’s first phase was originally expected to be 
completed in the third quarter of 2028. It now looks like it will be delayed by at least a year. And 
with the entire project suddenly in jeopardy, no surprise why private credit titan Blue Owl, which 
at last check was still relentlessly gating retail investors in its BDCs, has seen its stock tumble to 
two month lows and not much higher from its all time lows. 
 
It's not just Blue Owl who is facing potentially catastrophic losses: the group of about 20 banks 
which provided $18 billion in construction financing for the project, are now nursing over $2 
billion in paper losses. And even with the loans trading at stressed levels, the banks are still 


[Page 4]
 
unable to syndicate the offering to third parties. Earlier this year, "banks struggled to sell billions 
of dollars of loans they made to build data centers leased to Oracle in Texas and Wisconsin" the 
WSJ previously reported. 
Going back to the latest development, WSJ notes that pulling the force majeure lever may buy 
Oracle some time but doesn’t reduce its financial exposure to the data center. Oracle can defer 
payments until the power comes on, but that triggers an automatic extension of the duration of 
its lease, meaning that the ultimate amount it pays to Stack wouldn’t decline. 
For now, Stack is earning the equivalent of a 9% annualized return for Blue Owl that comes out 
of the money raised to build the project. The financing package set aside funds for up to three 
years of potential delays before lease payments begin, at which point the developer’s forecast 
return jumps to 11%. Assuming lease payments begin in three years of course. 
Amid the New Mexico issues, Oracle also removed a partner on the Project Jupiter site, 
BorderPlex Digital Assets: the firm, which started working on the project in late 2024, had early 
support from Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham, a staunch democrat, and likely was eligible for 
various back channel "favors". BorderPlex is set to receive a payment from Oracle to relinquish 
the rights BorderPlex held to the project’s land and power. Now that this key participant is out of 
the picture, the company will likely face even more regulatory hurdles in powering up the project 
(Oracle and BorderPlex announced a plan to use Bloom Energy fuel cells to power Project 
Jupiter, replacing an earlier plan involving gas turbines and diesel generators).  
In other words, the Force Majeure may not have absolved Oracle of much of its cash flow 
obligations, it revealed just how fraught the data center picture is for even the biggest 
developers. 
Which brings us to the key point: just hours after Goldman raised its capex projections to $1.2 
trillion, that number may have to be shaved. As Barclays' Andrew Keches writes, "the 
bigger-ticket items are the capex and revenue, both of which will be delayed" and goes on to 
add that it expects hardware capex to be "delayed by ~$30bn; typically spent 2-3 months ahead 
of the asset going live.  
Here Keches concedes that things are not going as planned (he recently turned bullish on the 
credit), writing that "we acknowledge that this is yet another bad headline for ORCL sentiment 
and could speak to the company's ability to select data center projects/locations." 
And speaking of the company's woeful "ability" to select data center projects, Barclays cautions 
that given "the presence of a public data center bond, there have been questions around 
read-through for the Related Digital/Saline, Michigan site." Perhaps that will be the next one to 


[Page 5]
 
go, although there is plenty to chose from. The table below lays out all of Oracle's major data 
center projects. 
 
We conclude with Goldman's Johnstone who is much more downbeat in his outlook, and wraps 
up the force majeure episode by warning that for Oracle, "the issue highlights the gap between 
aggressive AI capacity commitments tied to OpenAI demand and the practical challenge of 
delivering multi-gigawatt campuses; for lenders and data-centre investors, it is a reminder that 
third-party-developed AI infrastructure is not always the bond-like asset class it can appear to 
be." 
A wise warning, too bad it didn't appear earlier (we get it though: banks have billions in revenue 
at stake if the AI bubble bursts), and certainly too late to help bond investors in that other, far 
bigger data center, Meta's Project Hyperion, which is the proud holder of the title for issuer of 
the world's largest corporate bond, which sadly has seen better days.   


[Page 6]
 
 
And unfortunately for the US AI trade, this is just the beginning with Democrats virtually certain 
to win the House in November and to put an indefinite hold on any current and future data 
center developments... 
 
Much more in the full notes from Goldman and Barclays available to pro subs. 
