[Page 1]
M
 Idea
Cross-Asset Strategy and US Economics | North 
America
Impact of Higher Yields On 
Growth and Equities
Our simulations show that a 100bp term premium shock costs 
1.5–2.0pp of GDP over eight quarters. Yet with relatively macro-
indifferent AI capex driving earnings, we think equities can still 
outperform bonds.  
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Serena W Tang
Strategist
 Serena.Tang@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3380 
Michael T Gapen
Chief US Economist
 Michael.Gapen@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0571 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc+
Erika J Singh-Cundy
Strategist
 Erika.Singh-Cundy@morganstanley.com  
  +44 20 7425-0960 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Lingdi Xu
Economist
 Lingdi.Xu@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2957 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc+
Yimin Huang
Strategist
 Yimin.Huang@morganstanley.com  
  +44 20 7677-2870 
Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited+
Soham Sen
Strategist
 Soham.Sen1@morganstanley.com  
  +91 22 6995-2014 
 Recent Research:  
 Cross-Asset Dispatches: Global Fixed Income 
Supply Tracker (21 Sep 2026)  
 Podcast | Cross-Asset Conversations: Return of 
the Hike (18 Sep 2026)  
 Asia Pacific Fixed Income Strategy: APAC Fixed 
Income: Defining A New Asset Class (18 Sep 
2026)  
 Cross-Asset Strategy: Global In the Flow – 
August Recap (1 Sep 2026)  
Exhibit 1:
Simulated Effect on the Level of Real GDP from a permanent 100bp 
Increase in the Term Premium on 5Y, 10Y, and 30Y Treasury Yields, assuming no 
other policy offsets 
-0.3
-0.6
-0.9
-1.1
-1.4
-1.6
-1.8
-1.9
-2.1
-2.5
-2.0
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Quarters after the shock
%Difference in Real GDP Level, pp
+100bps
Source: Federal Reserve Board, Morgan Stanley Research; Note:  This chart is based on a  'Permanent shock, no change in monetary 
policy' scenario - see inside for details on our four simulated scenarios.
Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result, 
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan Stanley 
Research. Investors should consider Morgan Stanley 
Research as only a single factor in making their investment 
decision.
For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
report.
+= Analysts employed by non-U.S. affiliates are not registered 
with FINRA, may not be associated persons of the member 
and may not be subject to FINRA restrictions on 
communications with a subject company, public appearances 
and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
Key Takeaways
The macro cost from higher yields is real — we find a 100bp term premium 
shock trims 1.5–2.0pp from US GDP over eight quarters (we simulate a 
permanent shock that is not offset by monetary policy).
For equities, if nominal rates are driven higher by growth and inflation 
expectations, valuations can mostly stay intact, with multiples only dipping and 
ERP staying compressed.
AI-driven earnings keep equity valuations largely rate-indifferent this cycle. Risks 
to watch: negative earnings revisions and term-premium-led yield rises that hit 
growth significantly.
We prefer global equities over core fixed income in our base case; strong earnings 
and durable valuations support equity outperformance vs bonds in a multi-asset 
portfolio. 
September 24, 2026 08:36 PM GMT
 
 


[Page 2]
M
 Idea
2
US Economics: Higher yields, greater headwinds  
Michael Gapen, Lingdi Xu
In recent months, the US economy has seen higher interest rates in the form of higher 
Treasury yields across the  curve. Since March, the yields on the 2y, 5y, and 10y US 
Treasury notes are up over 140bp, 130bp, and 100bp respectively. The increase has come 
mainly in the form of higher real yields.  An increase in Treasury yields raises borrowing 
costs for households and businesses, weighs on interest-sensitive spending, and can 
ultimately affect labor-market conditions and inflation. A number of factors are likely 
behind the rise in yields, including growth expectations driven by ever-increasing 
hyperscaler capex, increased corporate issuance to finance AI-related spending, rising 
energy prices from the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, tighter monetary policy, and 
the US deficit profile, among other items. 
Simulating the effects of higher yields
To illustrate the effect of higher interest rates on the US economy, we use the Federal 
Reserve’s FRBUS model to simulate a 100bp increase in  the term premium on the 5y, 10y, 
and 30y Treasury yield. The exercise provides a useful benchmark for tracing  how a 
tightening in financial conditions through higher long-term real rates propagates through 
output, business investment, inflation, and unemployment. We choose a 100bp shock to 
broadly capture the effects of recent yield moves with the understanding that results can 
be linearly scaled up or down within a reasonable range to capture the effects of larger or 
smaller moves.
Conceptually, the magnitude of the effect breaks down along two dimensions: whether 
the shock to the term premium is permanent or temporary, and whether monetary policy 
responds to the rise in the term premium. In our simulations, between half and two-thirds 
of the shock to the term premium wears off after eight quarters, with the former 
occurring when monetary policy leans against the shock and the latter coming under 
unchanged monetary policy. Not surprisingly, economic costs are highest when the shock 
to the term premium is permanent and monetary policy is unchanged. 
1. Temporary shock, endogenous monetary policy response. If the shock to the term 
premium is temporary and monetary policy endogenously responds, the damage to 
economic activity is limited. The shock reduces the level of GDP by about 1.2pp versus the 
baseline with no shock after eight quarters. The level of real business fixed investment, 
which tends to be more cyclical than GDP, is about 3.0pp lower after eight quarters. The 
annual rate of PCE inflation falls only about 0.06pp and the unemployment rate is 0.5pp 
higher than in the baseline. The shock to the economy is cushioned since the federal funds 
rate falls roughly 75bp, albeit with a lag. 
2. Temporary shock, no change in monetary policy. If we constrain monetary policy from 
responding – indeed, expectations for monetary policy are cited as one factor behind the 
rise in term premia – then the level of GDP falls by about 1.6pp from a transitory shock to 
the term premium and real business fixed investment is 4.0pp lower. The annual rate of 
inflation falls by 0.1pp while the unemployment rate rises 0.7pp.


[Page 3]
M
 Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
3
3. Permanent shock, endogenous monetary policy response. If the shock to long-run 
term premia is permanent, and monetary policy is allowed to respond, then the level of 
GDP falls by 1.6pp relative to the baseline after eight quarters and real business fixed 
investment is down 3.9%. The annual rate of inflation declines by 0.1% and the 
unemployment rate is up 0.7-0.8pp. The federal funds rate falls 100bp. On net, the 
behavior of the economy in this scenario is very similar to that under a temporary shock, 
but monetary policy is constrained. We view these two scenarios as largely 
interchangeable. 
4. Permanent shock, no change in monetary policy. Finally, if the shock to the term 
premium is permanent and monetary policy does not respond, then the level of real GDP 
and business fixed investment are down 2.1pp and 4.9pp, respectively. Annual inflation 
falls by 0.1-0.2pp amid a 1pp increase in the unemployment rate. We show the results of 
this simulation in  Exhibit 2 to Exhibit 5 .  
On net, we view scenarios 2 and 4 as fairly representative of the current environment, 
where term premiums on long-term Treasury rates have risen and monetary policy, in our 
view, is unlikely to respond by leaning against the wind. This points to a level of GDP that 
would be between 1.5-2.0pp lower after eight quarters, annual inflation that is down 
between 0.1-0.2pp all else equal, and an unemployment rate that is 0.7-1.0pp higher than 
in the baseline without a 100bp shock to 5y, 10y, and 30y term premia. 
Caveats
As with any simulation, there are caveats. First, if the shock to yields is more temporary or 
monetary policy provides some offset from actual or expected behavior, then the growth 
effects would likely be smaller. Second, a key transmission channel of higher interest rates 
to softer real GDP and weaker labor markets is through business spending. If AI renders a 
large portion of business spending immune to any rise in interest rates, then simulated 
economic effects will overstate the results. Third, the FRBUS model would likely assume 
weaker equity valuations and lower home prices from higher interest rates. To what 
degree this would happen in an economy where AI is supporting the earnings outlook and 
the housing market is already stuck remains an open question. 
There is also the simulation exercise itself. These simulations should not be interpreted as 
the unconditional effect of a 100bp increase in Treasury yields. Long-term interest rates 
are endogenous and can rise for a variety of reasons, some of which we identified above 
and each of which has its own implications for the economic outlook. By shocking the 
term premium, the FRBUS exercise instead isolates the marginal effect of an exogenous 
tightening in long-term financial conditions, holding underlying macroeconomic conditions 
fixed. The simulated decline in activity therefore represents the headwind from higher 
borrowing costs relative to a counterfactual in which those costs had not risen, rather 
than a prediction that an observed 100bp increase in yields will cause GDP to fall by the 
simulated amount. 
Notwithstanding these caveats, we think the exercise above represents a reasonable 
starting point for discussion. 


[Page 4]
M
 Idea
4
Exhibit 2:
Scenario 4: The level of real GDP is down 
2.1pp in the ninth quarter after the shock
-2.5
-2.0
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Quarters after the shock
%Difference in Real GDP Level, pp
+100bps
Source: Federal Reserve Board, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 3:
Scenario 4: the level of real business 
fixed investment is down 4.9pp
-6.0
-5.0
-4.0
-3.0
-2.0
-1.0
0.0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Quarters after the shock
%Difference in Real Business Fixed 
Investment Level,  pp
+100bps
Source: Federal Reserve Board, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 4:
Scenario 4: the annual inflation falls by 
0.1-0.2pp 
-0.12
-0.10
-0.08
-0.06
-0.04
-0.02
0.00
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Quarters after the shock
Difference in Annualized Quarterly PCE 
Growth, pp
+100bps
Source: Federal Reserve Board, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 5:
Scenario 4: the unemployment rate 
increases by 1pp 
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
1.2
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Quarters after the shock
Difference in Unemployment, pp
+100bps
Source: Federal Reserve Board, Morgan Stanley Research


[Page 5]
M
 Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
5
On Higher Yields and Risk Asset Valuations  
Serena Tang, Erika Singh-Cundy
As global yields have climbed to levels not seen in decades, it's revived a well-trodden 
market debate: at what point do higher yields become a headwind for equity valuations? 
We first wrote about this back in May, arguing that while multiples have some tendency 
to dip when yields are past a certain point, the relationship is weak. We now revisit that 
analysis through the lens of the equity risk premium, to assess whether higher rates have 
material implications for stock-bond relative performance.  
The equity risk premium (ERP) – the compensation investors receive for  holding stocks, 
over and above bonds – has been  compressed in recent years, even briefly dipping into 
negative territory in late 2024 for the US. This is explained, in part, by rich stock 
valuations, which have remained in the upper end of their distribution largely due to the 
narrative of hyperscaler capex and AI adoption. Of course, higher rates have also 
contributed, as inflation has remained sticky in the  post-pandemic environment. 
Exhibit 6:
Equity risk premium in the US is unusually compressed and sits at the 3rd 
percentile of the last 25 years  
21
-400
-200
0
200
400
600
800
1000
Sep-01
Sep-06
Sep-11
Sep-16
Sep-21
Sep-26
Equity Risk Premium (bp)
S&P 500
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined here as S&P 500 earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield.
With global yields on the rise again, market attention has turned to the interaction 
between bonds and equities, or more specifically:  at what point do higher rates 'break' 
equity valuations? It may come as a  surprise to some, but global and US ERP tends to stay 
compressed when nominal yields rise; in fact, once 10Y yields move past 5%, ERP has been 
negative on average (albeit  on a limited number of observations). Over the last 25 years, 
nominal yields at or above today's levels have generally not forced a multiple derating – 
and because earnings yields rose less than bond yields, ERP stayed compressed. In short,  
the market can tolerate tight ERP even in rising-rate episodes, and already-rich stocks can 
stay rich relative to bonds. 


[Page 6]
M
 Idea
6
Exhibit 7:
Higher nominal yields tend to coincide 
with compressed equity risk premiums in the US...
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined 
here as S&P 500 earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield. We show monthly data since 
2001. Error bars show +/- 1 SD within each bucket. 
Exhibit 8:
… and if we focus on the last two 
decades, higher nominal rates also map to higher 
multiples
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Fwd P/E figures are for the S&P 
500. We show monthly data since 2001. Shaded bands show +/- 1 SD within each 
bucket.
Exhibit 9:
MSCI ACWI also sees compressed ERPs 
when yields are high...
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined 
here as MSCI ACWI earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield. We show monthly data 
since 2001. Error bars show +/- 1 SD within each bucket.
Exhibit 10: … and higher rates can coexist with 
higher multiples 
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Fwd P/E figures are for MSCI 
ACWI. We show monthly data since 2001. Shaded bands show +/- 1 SD within each 
bucket.
But does  what  is  driving yields higher matter for whether equity valuations get 
derailed? The short answer is 'most of the time, not really'. If nominal yields are 
elevated because real yields are high, it tends to be under a backdrop of stronger growth. 
In this case, higher real earnings growth expectations reprice multiples higher, leading to a 
lower earnings yield, which in turn leads to  ERP remaining low. If yields are elevated 
because inflation expectations are high, then multiples may hold and earnings yield stays 
flat, but rising rates would narrow the gap between the two, which also means ERP can 
stay compressed. But also think about this intuitively - if the market's main concern is 
inflation, then investors should  be willing to be compensated less  for holding the asset 
that offers better protection against inflation. While swings in yields and inflation 
expectations can be short-term headwinds to equities, they are not the largest headwinds 
to valuations.


[Page 7]
M
 Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
7
Exhibit 11: US equity risk premiums compress with 
rising real yields...
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined 
here as S&P 500 earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield. We show monthly data since 
2001. Error bars show +/- 1 SD within each bucket.
Exhibit 12: … as well as rising inflation expectations
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined 
here as S&P 500 earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield. We show monthly data since 
2001. Error bars show +/- 1 SD within each bucket.
Exhibit 13: Higher real yields also see ERP 
compress for MSCI ACWI, albeit to a lesser degree
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined 
here as MSCI ACWI earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield. We show monthly data 
since 2001. Error bars show +/- 1 SD within each bucket.
Exhibit 14: Higher inflation expectations follow a 
similar pattern 
Source: Bloomberg, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Equity risk premium is defined 
here as MSCI ACWI earnings yield – UST 10Y nominal yield. We show monthly data 
since 2001. Error bars show +/- 1 SD within each bucket.
The question then is what if higher real yields are driven not so much by growth 
expectations, but term premium - could that be what breaks stock valuations? As our 
economist colleagues have discussed in the previous section, shocks to the term premium 
lower real growth over the following quarters, sometimes potentially quite significantly 
(see US Economics: Higher yields, greater headwinds  ). In this case, the usual logic of 
higher rates coinciding with higher earnings growth and higher equity valuations falls 
apart, and there's no reason ERP should stay compressed. This is a near-term risk our 
Chief US Equity Strategist Mike Wilson has flagged: if yields break higher for non-growth 
reasons, stocks could wobble, and with a thin ERP cushion that could open the door to a 
modest 5-10% index pullback.  
However, this  cycle has been unique in that one of the largest marginal drivers of 
earnings– AI-related capex– has been and will continue to be largely indifferent to the 
rate environment. Morgan Stanley estimates ~US$1.5tr of hyperscaler capex in 2027, and 
another ~US$1.6tr  in 2028. While the size of these capex needs has led to a high volume 
of issuance in the fixed income market, a technical that has driven up spreads, for equity 
markets, the phenomenon just means more robust earnings growth and high valuations, 
even if it may be somewhat divorced from economic growth. That earnings strength keeps 


[Page 8]
M
 Idea
8
valuations rich and earnings yields low, so earnings yield doesn't rise to meet higher bond 
yields and ERP stays contained even if discount rates climb. In fact, our US equity strategy 
team's S&P 500 target of 8,300 by mid-2027 already assumes almost all of the gain 
comes from earnings growth – AI plus a broader earnings recovery – rather than PE 
expansion. This provides another reason why higher yields today may not impact equity 
valuations much – markets are more than just the macro. But of course, this requires the 
assumption that the potential growth hit won't derail AI capex or adoption significantly. 
All of this means we continue to prefer global equities over core fixed income in our 
global asset allocation. A renewed surge in oil prices and rates breaking through 
psychological levels could be headwinds in the near-term, but we push back against the 
idea that higher rates will be the brake for the structural equities bull market now.  Strong 
earnings expectations and equity valuations that can stay intact mean global stocks can 
still outperform in a multi-asset portfolio.  


[Page 9]
M
 Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
9
Disclosure Section
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., and/or Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, 
S.A. de C.V.. As used in this disclosure section, "Morgan Stanley" includes Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and their 
affiliates as necessary.
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research 
Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA.
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718 754-5444 (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000.  Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA.
Analyst Certification
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that they have not received and will not 
receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this report: Yimin Huang; Soham Sen; Erika J Singh-Cundy; Serena W Tang.
.
Global Research Conflict Management Policy
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br
Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality 
of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment banking revenues. Equity Research analysts' or strategists' compensation is not 
linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, providing liquidity, fund management, 
commercial banking, extension of credit, investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. Morgan Stanley trades or may trade 
as principal in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that are the subject of the debt research report.
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions.
STOCK RATINGS
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, 
Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all 
ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan 
Stanley Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice.  An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations.
Global Stock Ratings Distribution
(as of August 31, 2026)
The Stock Ratings described below apply to Morgan Stanley's Fundamental Equity Research and do not apply to Debt Research produced by the Firm.
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with FINRA requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated 
and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, 
hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a 
buy recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively.
Coverage Universe
Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
Other Material Investment Services 
Clients (MISC)
Stock Rating 
Category
Count
% of  Total
Count
% of  Total IBC
% of Rating  
Category
Count
% of Total Other 
MISC
Overweight/Buy
1555
42%
450
48%
29%
767
44%
Equal-weight/Hold
1577
43%
395
42%
25%
770
44%
Not-Rated/Hold
3
0%
1
0%
33%
1
0%
Underweight/Sell
559
15%
93
10%
17%
216
12%
Total
3,694
939
1754
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan Stanley received investment banking compensation in the 
last 12 months. Due to rounding off of decimals, the percentages provided in the "% of total" column may not add up to exactly 100 percent.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Overweight (O). The stock's total return is expected to exceed the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 
12-18 months.
Equal-weight (E). The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over 


[Page 10]
M
 Idea
10
the next 12-18 months.
Not-Rated (NR). Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months.
Underweight (U). The stock's total return is expected to be below the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 
12-18 months.
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months.
Analyst Industry Views
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated 
below.
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - 
relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index.
Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers
Important disclosures regarding any material conflict of interest that can reasonably be expected to have influenced Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC's choice of a third-party research provider 
or the subject company of a third-party research report, are available on the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/online/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, you may refer to https://www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch.
Each Morgan Stanley research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and approval is conducted by the same person who reviews the 
research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest.
Other Important Disclosures
Morgan Stanley Research policy is to update research reports as and when the Research Analyst and Research Management deem appropriate, based on developments with the issuer, the 
sector, or the market that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated therein. In addition, certain Research publications are intended to be updated on a regular periodic 
basis  (weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual) and will ordinarily be updated with that frequency, unless  the Research Analyst and Research Management determine that a different publication 
schedule is appropriate based on current conditions.
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the recommendations or views expressed 
in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For all research available on a particular stock, please contact 
your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Morgan Stanley Research is provided to our clients through our proprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electronically by Morgan Stanley to clients. Certain, but not all, Morgan 
Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience. For access to all 
available Morgan Stanley Research, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Any access and/or use of Morgan Stanley Research is subject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). By accessing and/or using Morgan Stanley 
Research, you are indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). In addition you consent to Morgan Stanley processing 
your personal data and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html), including for the purposes of 
setting your preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better and more personalized service and products to you. To find out more information about how Morgan Stanley 
processes personal data, how we use cookies and how to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html). Please use 
the provided link to review the Terms and Conditions and Most Important Terms and Conditions for Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (https://www.morganstanley.com/assets/
pdfs/about-us-global-offices/india/Terms_and_conditions.pdf) and the following link to review the audit report (https://ny.matrix.ms.com/eqr/research/webapp/researchdocs/
MSICPL_Morgan_Stanley_Research_Audit_Report.pdf).
If you do not agree to our Terms of Use and/or if you do not wish to provide your consent to Morgan Stanley processing your personal data or using cookies please do not access our research.
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
company's securities/instruments.
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common 
equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or 
derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the 
preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different 
from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons.


[Page 11]
M
 Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
11
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel.
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless 
pre-approved by authorized members of Research management.
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
Such information is for your reference only.  The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions.  Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
(including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments.  MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only.
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 
Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
(Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118J); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. 
All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Germany and the European Economic Area where required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised 
and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its 
contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, 
disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”); (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan 
Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by 
FirstRand Limited. Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Canada Inc., members of the Canadian 
Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital Market Authority in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 
defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
upon request from your sales representative.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
(the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA.
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations.
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P.
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley.
Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework.
The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those 


[Page 12]
M
 Idea
12
fixed income research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products.
Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report.
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
all the related documents carefully before investing.
The following authors are neither Equity Research Analysts/Strategists nor Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity or 
fixed income securities: Michael T Gapen; Lingdi Xu.
References to any prediction market or event contract do not constitute an offer, solicitation, recommendation, or endorsement to participate in any such market or contract. Morgan Stanley 
Research may not be distributed or made available in any jurisdiction where such distribution would be unlawful or otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley
