[Page 1]
 
Equities Stuck In "A Frustrating Cat-And-Mouse 
Game" With Rates; Goldman Hedge Fund Honcho 
Has A Warning 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 25, 2026 - 05:55 PM 
The S&P spent two months coiled around 7,700, poked its head out on Tuesday, then 
immediately got body-checked by the bond market. 
Escape velocity: denied... 
Last night the index was right back where it started. 
 
That is the setup Goldman Sachs global head of hedge fund coverage, Tony Pasquariello, is 
writing into this morning (full note available here for pro subs): equities and rates still playing 
cat-and-mouse, the agentic-AI tape doing the heavy lifting at the top of the cap stack, and small 
caps getting sold by the people who are supposed to own them. 


[Page 2]
 
 
His one-liner if you insist on staying long stocks: marry the length with a simple trading short in 
bonds... 
Pasquariello is focusing on a few key points: 
AI: "The agentic revolution is here."  
Which is to say, Meta’s Muse has marked another inflection in this cycle of applied innovation, 
and stocks didn’t wait very long to price it (see ticker GSXUAGNT for our agentic AI basket).  


[Page 3]
 
 
I believe this is all affirmation of a trend towards more progress and more spending -- while, 
again, also expecting more volatility and dislocations along the path.  as usual, senior trader 
Rich Privorotsky frames it well (pro subs can read Privorotsky's full notes on the 'Inference 
Economy' here, here, and here): 
I think we’re going to spend the next few weeks and months realizing that Muse is only the first 
of many entrants that will radically change individual and corporate productivity, and ultimately 
how we communicate and transact.   
AI super users have had versions of this capability for a while, but it was technically complex, 
required constant maintenance and frankly wasn’t something the average person could use out 
of the box.   
Now the proliferation should be enormous.   
As large corporates underwrite the safety, infrastructure and distribution, a lot of friction and rent 
seeking can disappear from the economy.   
That itself is a productivity boost … the relative winners and losers will take months/years to sort 
out, but I remain pretty adamant that the aggregate effect is positive for the equity complex and 
structurally disinflationary. 
In the doing, the right tail has again been revealed in US mega cap tech.  


[Page 4]
 
AI: What's Priced In? 
US portfolio strategy asked this question: what outlook for AI is the equity market pricing?  
 
Answer: 
“while market participants express skepticism about the durability of AI infrastructure stocks' 
earnings growth, that view is at least partially priced.   


[Page 5]
 
 
The median AI infrastructure stock has de-rated from 32x consensus forward earnings in April 
2026 to 22x today.”  
 
Pro subs can read the full "AI capex, required revenues, and what's priced in the AI trade" note 
here. 


[Page 6]
 
Small caps 
We should call it what it is: small cap has traded terribly of late.  
In fact, RTY has underperformed S&P for the past six weeks.  
In the search for why, one aspect is clear: it’s being sold; our franchise has seen a wave of 
supply, principally from long only funds and through the wealth channel.  
In addition, the chart work stinks... with the concession that small cap has performed much 
better this year than I expected, it still hasn’t outperformed the freight train that is US mega cap 
tech.  
You’ve seen this one before, but it’s worth noting that the long-term ratio of NDX vs RTY just 
melted up to a higher high... 
 
Finally, there’s a broader pattern of cyclical underperformance afoot, which I principally attribute 
to the local surge in interest rates (and thus a tightening of FCI).  
Pasquariello admits: "I haven’t seen the ball well in small cap this year, but I’m certainly not 
drawn to it now. " 
Mega-Caps 
As Goldman's top tech specialist, Pete Callahan, pointed out earlier in the week, there are ten 
US TMT companies in S&P with a market cap > $1tr.  


[Page 7]
 
TEN.  
As recently as three years ago, at the beginning of the AI cycle, there were only three.  
 
If you’re curious, the first entrant on that list was AAPL back in 2018. 
Flow-of-funds / Positioning 
I’m not saying the setup is perfect... 
Buybacks are slowing, new issue is rising and the US retail investor is laying a bit low.  


[Page 8]
 
 
With that established, Pasquariello continues to find it interesting that the trading community has 
been very defensive as the market flirts with the highs (pro subs can read Goldman's full 
positioning note here).  
 
If asked to calibrate speculative length on my standard scale of -10 to +10, right now I’d put it at 
+3.   


[Page 9]
 
"While a breakout to new highs likely requires a catalyst, should that come to pass, I can see a 
scenario where faster money will need to get on the train very quickly." 
Circling back to where we started, Pasquariello reflects that as we walked out of the office on 
Tuesday, it appeared that S&P had finally broken out from a 2-month consolidation around the 
7700 level.  
In the time since, the index has failed to achieve escape velocity, with the blame largely placed 
on the continued gap higher in yields.  
In effect, the equity market remains stuck in a frustrating game of cat-and-mouse game with the 
rate market, with the index right back at 7700 last night. 
At the risk of over-reduction, Goldman's hedge fund honcho summarizes his world-view as 
follows: 
If you want to carry significant length in stocks, marry it with a trading short in bonds (one that is 
simply expressed).   
With all that said, Pasquariello admits to this thought this morning: for as nasty as the rate move 
has been of late, the stock market deserves some credit for not giving up all that much ground... 
We'd add one word to that sentence... "yet". 
Professional subscribers can read Tony's full note here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
