[Page 1]
M
 Global Idea
Sunday Start | What's Next in Global Macro
Rates, Equities and Racing the 
Denominator
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc+
Andrew Sheets
Strategist
 Andrew.Sheets@morganstanley.com  
  +44 20 7677-2905 
©2026 Morgan Stanley
US 10-year Treasury yields have risen 100bp this year, while global equities are up 
about 13%.
Those numbers sit in uncomfortable tension. Higher bond yields raise the return 
investors can earn elsewhere, increase the discount rate applied to future profits 
and, at least in theory, lower the value of equities.
But that theory has two moving parts.
Per the Gordon Growth model, the value of a stock is a function of its expected 
dividend payments (D) divided by r-g, the required rate of return minus growth. 
Higher rates push down on valuations by raising r and the denominator. Better 
growth pushes the other way. What matters isn't r in isolation, but the gap between 
the two.
While this equation may be algebra, it can be impacted by psychology. Consider a 
world where rates are rising alongside 'hot'  market conditions. It's entirely plausible 
that, given that buoyant backdrop, investors find a way to raise expectations for 
future growth, g, even faster.
And that, we think, is exactly what's been happening.
Global earnings growth is remarkably strong. Mike Wilson and our US Equity 
Strategy team expect S&P 500 EPS to see growth for the median US stock running 
in the mid-teens, with earnings revisions again near cycle highs. Marina Zavolock and 
Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result, 
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan Stanley 
Research. Investors should consider Morgan Stanley 
Research as only a single factor in making their investment 
decision.
For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
report.
+= Analysts employed by non-U.S. affiliates are not registered 
with FINRA, may not be associated persons of the member 
and may not be subject to FINRA restrictions on 
communications with a subject company, public appearances 
and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
September 27, 2026 06:00 AM GMT
 
 


[Page 2]
M
 Global Idea
2
our European Equity Strategy team have just seen Europe's strongest earnings 
season in years, with 2026 EPS growth around 20% and the median stock growing 
earnings over 10%. Across Asia and EM, Jonathan Garner's team saw a net 21-
percentage-point skew to earnings beats last quarter, alongside an 11-point skew 
toward forward EPS upgrades.
This helps explain one of 2026's more remarkable outcomes. If you had told 
someone on January 1st that the S&P 500 would be up 13% with the US 10-year 
yield 100bp higher, they probably would have wagered, with reasonable confidence, 
that the equity risk premium (ERP) would have fallen...significantly.
It hasn't. Thanks to those strong earnings, the gap between the S&P 500 earnings 
yield and Treasury yields (our US Equity  Strategy team's preferred definition of the 
ERP) is broadly unchanged. Earnings, rather than a higher multiple, are doing the 
work this year, and it's  one reason our US Equity Strategists see this as a classic mid-
cycle market. 
Of course, there's  a more direct way higher rates could hit equities: investors could 
reallocate.
Today's higher yields represent an extremely liquid asset that any global investor 
can buy. And so however we think the bond-equity gap looks on paper, investors 
actually selling stocks (or other assets) to buy bonds would suggest those relative 
valuations are attractive enough to drive action.
Yet we're not seeing much evidence of that, at least so far. ETF flows (a useful proxy 
given their fast-moving nature), remain positive across both stocks and bonds. And 
the two asset classes have generally been moving in the same direction (positively 
correlated), the opposite of what you'd expect if investors are reallocating 
meaningfully  from one to the other.
Companies also have a say in this debate.
Investors look at  IG corporate yields near 6% and ask whether bonds are cheap 
enough to buy. Large US technology companies are looking at today's cost of debt 
and asking whether bonds are a preferable  to equity as source of financing. So far, 
they've been answering yes.
Through August, US IG issuance stood at $1.6 trillion,  up 30% year-on-year. 
Hyperscalers have issued more than $220 billion of bonds this year, and with both 
an active capex and M&A cycle underway, we continue to expect 2026 to see an all-
time high in corporate net supply.
Financing decisions around AI are an increasingly rich mosaic of options, as my 
colleague Vishwanath Tirupattur discussed in Summer of AI Financing. Higher rates 
do pose challenges to certain stabilized data-centers, for example, and our credit 
team recently dug deep into how they might deal with higher rates. Still, the biggest 
tech issuers, with ready access to equity markets and multiples north of 20 times 
earnings, continue to find  debt the more attractive funding vehicle. Investors and 
issuers sit on opposite sides of this relative-value question. The issuer view seems 
worth considering.
There's an even more important caveat. Valuation is a slow-moving force.


[Page 3]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
3
Since 1998, that gap between the earnings yield and the bond yield explains only 
about 10% of the performance of stocks versus bonds over the next twelve months. 
Stretch the horizon to three years, and it explains about half.
My colleague Serena Tang and our Cross-Asset Strategy team find something similar 
looking at rates and equity multiples. Short-term changes in yields explain less than 
one might expect. Larger, more persistent moves over six to twelve months have 
much clearer valuation consequences.
Markets, after all, are not equations solved once a quarter. They are arguments 
about the future. And when growth is strong, investors are more willing to give g 
the benefit of the doubt.
That helps explain equities' resilience in the face of 5%+Treasury yields. But it also 
raises the bar for tomorrow, especially as we've revised our yield forecasts higher in 
the face of a more hawkish Fed. Higher yields reduce the margin for error and 
require earnings to keep running fast. The penalty for negative earnings revisions is 
rising, and our global equity preferences attempt to align with the best earnings 
stories.
The question isn't whether the denominator matters. It's how long g can stay this 
fast.
Enjoy your Sunday. 
Exhibit 1:
'Equity Risk Premium' fell significantly from 2020-2022, but has been 
stable since, as earnings growth has held up.
23
-400
-200
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
Aug-98
Aug-02
Aug-06
Aug-10
Aug-14
Aug-18
Aug-22
Aug-26
S&P 500 Fwd. Earnings Yield - 10yr Bond Yield (bp)
Source: Morgan Stanley Research, Bloomberg, MSRPSPX index on Bloomberg


[Page 4]
M
 Global Idea
4
Exhibit 2:
Stock vs. Bond valuations are poor predictors of relative performance 
over the next 12 months. They are a much stronger signal on longer horizons.
R² = 0.1
R² = 0.5
-60%
-40%
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
-4.0%
-2.0%
0.0%
2.0%
4.0%
6.0%
8.0%
Initial Fwd. Earnings Yield - Bond Yield
US Stock vs. Tsy Return (% Annualized)
1yr Outcomes
3yr Outcomes
Source: Morgan Stanley Research, Bloomberg. Using MSRPSPX index, our US Equity Strategy team's equity risk premium measure. 
Data monthly from 1998.
Enjoy your Sunday.
Send Us Feedback
What I'm Reading This Week
Cross-Asset Strategy and US Economics: Impact of Higher Yields On Growth and 
Equities (24 Sep 2026)
US Economics Weekly: Fundamentals offer little relief from tightening expectations 
(25 Sep 2026)
US Rates Strategy: New US Treasury Yield Forecasts After New Fed Call (24 Sep 
2026)
US Equity Strategy: Weekly Warm-up: Classic Mid-Cycle (21 Sep 2026)
European Equity Strategy: Marketing Deck – Climbing a Wall of Worry (25 Sep 
2026)
Securitized Products & US Credit Strategy: Data Center Financing: Funding 
Stabilized Assets in a Higher Rate Environment (24 Sep 2026)
What We Are Watching This Week
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29
RBA September Meeting : We expect the RBA Board will hike the cash rate 
25bps to 4.6% at their September meeting next week in a unanimous 
decision.
US JOLTS: Job openings have rebounded, and the vacancy rate ratio of job 
openings to the number of unemployed has bounced back above 1.0. At its 


[Page 5]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
5
new, higher level, it no longer raises risks that the unemployment rate rises 
more sharply.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30
Japan Industrial Production: We forecast August industrial production 
increases by +1.8% MoM and increases by +7.2%YoY.
Japan Retail Sales: We forecast retail sales increase by +3.2% YoY in August.
Japan Housing Starts: We expect that new housing starts increases by 
7.0%YoY in August.
Germany CPI: We forecast an uptick in headline inflation (3.1%Y from 2.9%Y) 
on higher energy inflation. Core CPI inflation is expected stable as upside in 
goods balances with downside in services
China NBS manufacturing PMI: We expect mfg. PMI to edge up to 50.1. 
US PCE prices: We expect core PCE to rise 0.25% m/m in August, with 
acceleration in both core goods and core services inflation, while headline 
PCE increases 0.34% m/m. Our estimates incorporate our best assessment 
of the upcoming PCE revisions.
Personal income and spending: We expect real personal spending rose 0.4% 
m/m in August, with goods up 1.2% and services up 0.1%.
US Trade balance in goods: We expect that real imports fall and real exports 
rise by about 2 1/2% m/m, and the overall trade gap narrows sharply to 
$110bn.
GDP revision: The annual revision will cover from 2021 onward. As usual, 
the BEA will incorporate updated source data for spending and income. More 
important to the current macro questions will be the revisions to PCE prices.
Australia CPI (Aug): We expect headline CPI to accelerate from 3.5%Y to 
4.0%Y in August, with strong monthly increases in both food and fuel 
inflation. A key focus for the print will be core inflation: After a stronger than 
expected sequential acceleration in July
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 01
Japan BoJ Tankan: We forecast the business conditions DI for large 
manufacturers at +25 (vs. +22 previously), pointing to a modest 
improvement. By contrast, we expect the DI for large non-manufacturers to 
edge down to +34 (vs. +37), albeit remaining at a high level. We forecast 
capex plans of large enterprise for all industries increases +12.2% YoY for 
FY2026.
US Jobless claims: Jobless claims likely inch up to 200k, still an extremely 
low level and below recent months.
US ISM Manufacturing PMI: We are tracking the September ISM 
Manufacturing PMI at 54.5, little changed from 54.6 in August.
US Construction spending: We forecast a 0.2% decline led by pullback in 
single-family building. 
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 02
Japan Tokyo CPI: We project headline Tokyo CPI for September at +2.8%Y, 


[Page 6]
M
 Global Idea
6
with Japan-style core (all items less fresh food) at +2.5%Y and core-core (all 
items less fresh food and energy) at +2.7%Y.
Japan Unemployment rate & New job offers/application ratio : 
Unemployment rate is expected to be at 2.4% in August and new job offers/
application ratio is expected to be at 1.18 in August.
Euro area HICP: We see headline HICP at 3.7%Y in September, up from 
3.2%Y. Higher energy inflation will be the main upside driver (17.8%Y from 
14.3%Y). We also expect higher food (1.2%Y from 1.1%Y) and core inflation 
(2.6%Y from 2.4%Y), but mostly because of non-energy related factors.
US Employment report: We estimate September payrolls +65k and private 
payrolls +75k. The unemployment rate moves sideways at 4.1%, on the verge 
of  4.2%, as LFPR inches up. Average hourly earnings remain slow, rising 
0.2%m/m and 3.1%y/y.


[Page 7]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
7
Disclosure Section
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared or are disseminated by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. and/or Morgan Stanley México, 
Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and/or Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and/or Morgan Stanley Europe S.E. and/or RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited and/or Morgan Stanley MUFG 
Securities Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Asia Limited and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) 
and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its 
contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and/or Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited and/or Morgan Stanley 
& Co International plc, Seoul Branch, and/or Morgan Stanley Australia Limited (A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility 
for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license No. 240813, which accepts responsibility 
for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000001105), Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI 
Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 
39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: 
tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com which accepts the responsibility 
for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research, and their affiliates (collectively, "Morgan Stanley"). Morgan 
Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts.
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research 
Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA.
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718 754-5444 (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000.  Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA.
Analyst Certification
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that they have not received and will not 
receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this report: Andrew Sheets.
.
Global Research Conflict Management Policy
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br
Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality 
of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment banking revenues. Equity Research analysts' or strategists' compensation is not 
linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, providing liquidity, fund management, 
commercial banking, extension of credit, investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. Morgan Stanley trades or may trade 
as principal in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that are the subject of the debt research report.
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions.
STOCK RATINGS
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, 
Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all 
ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan 
Stanley Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice.  An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations.
Global Stock Ratings Distribution
(as of August 31, 2026)
The Stock Ratings described below apply to Morgan Stanley's Fundamental Equity Research and do not apply to Debt Research produced by the Firm.
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with FINRA requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated 
and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, 
hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a 
buy recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively.


[Page 8]
M
 Global Idea
8
Coverage Universe
Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
Other Material Investment Services 
Clients (MISC)
Stock Rating 
Category
Count
% of  Total
Count
% of  Total IBC
% of Rating  
Category
Count
% of Total Other 
MISC
Overweight/Buy
1555
42%
450
48%
29%
767
44%
Equal-weight/Hold
1577
43%
395
42%
25%
770
44%
Not-Rated/Hold
3
0%
1
0%
33%
1
0%
Underweight/Sell
559
15%
93
10%
17%
216
12%
Total
3,694
939
1754
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan Stanley received investment banking compensation in the 
last 12 months. Due to rounding off of decimals, the percentages provided in the "% of total" column may not add up to exactly 100 percent.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Overweight (O or Over) - The stock's total return is expected to exceed the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months.
Equal-weight (E or Equal) - The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or 
industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months.
Not-Rated (NR) - Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's 
industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months.
Underweight (U or Under) - The stock's total return is expected to be below the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months.
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months.
Analyst Industry Views
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated 
below.
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - 
relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index.
Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers
Important disclosures regarding any material conflict of interest that can reasonably be expected to have influenced Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC's choice of a third-party research provider 
or the subject company of a third-party research report, are available on the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/online/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, you may refer to https://www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch.
Each Morgan Stanley research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and approval is conducted by the same person who reviews the 
research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest.
Other Important Disclosures
Morgan Stanley Research policy is to update research reports as and when the Research Analyst and Research Management deem appropriate, based on developments with the issuer, the 
sector, or the market that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated therein. In addition, certain Research publications are intended to be updated on a regular periodic 
basis  (weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual) and will ordinarily be updated with that frequency, unless  the Research Analyst and Research Management determine that a different publication 
schedule is appropriate based on current conditions.
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the recommendations or views expressed 
in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For all research available on a particular stock, please contact 
your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Morgan Stanley Research is provided to our clients through our proprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electronically by Morgan Stanley to clients. Certain, but not all, Morgan 
Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience. For access to all 
available Morgan Stanley Research, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Any access and/or use of Morgan Stanley Research is subject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). By accessing and/or using Morgan Stanley 
Research, you are indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). In addition you consent to Morgan Stanley processing 
your personal data and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html), including for the purposes of 
setting your preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better and more personalized service and products to you. To find out more information about how Morgan Stanley 
processes personal data, how we use cookies and how to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html). Please use 
the provided link to review the Terms and Conditions and Most Important Terms and Conditions for Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (https://www.morganstanley.com/assets/
pdfs/about-us-global-offices/india/Terms_and_conditions.pdf) and the following link to review the audit report (https://ny.matrix.ms.com/eqr/research/webapp/researchdocs/
MSICPL_Morgan_Stanley_Research_Audit_Report.pdf).
If you do not agree to our Terms of Use and/or if you do not wish to provide your consent to Morgan Stanley processing your personal data or using cookies please do not access our research.


[Page 9]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
9
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
company's securities/instruments.
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common 
equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or 
derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the 
preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different 
from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons.
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel.
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless 
pre-approved by authorized members of Research management.
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
Such information is for your reference only.  The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions.  Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
(including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments.  MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Certain information in Morgan Stanley Research was sourced by employees of the Shanghai Representative Office of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited for the use of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited.
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only.
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 
Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
(Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118J); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. 
All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Germany and the European Economic Area where required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised 
and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its 
contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, 
disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”); (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan 
Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by 
FirstRand Limited. Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Canada Inc., members of the Canadian 


[Page 10]
M
 Global Idea
10
Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital Market Authority in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 
defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
upon request from your sales representative.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
(the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA.
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations.
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P.
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley.
Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework.
The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those 
fixed income research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products.
Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report.
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
all the related documents carefully before investing.
The following authors are Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity securities: Andrew Sheets.
References to any prediction market or event contract do not constitute an offer, solicitation, recommendation, or endorsement to participate in any such market or contract. Morgan Stanley 
Research may not be distributed or made available in any jurisdiction where such distribution would be unlawful or otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley
