Key market themes Q4 2026
Gustav Helgesson
Macro Strategist
October 2026
Strategy & Economic Research

1. The energy shock
Rising inflation expectations → sharp central-bank repricing → higher market rates
• When energy prices surged in the spring, central 
banks initially wanted to look through the temporary 
inflation shock. 
• As energy prices started rising again over the 
summer, central banks have lost patience and need 
to respond to higher inflation expectations. 
• Short-term inflation expectations have risen sharply 
and continue to correlate closely with oil prices. 
• This has triggered a major repricing of central-bank 
policy: US markets have moved from pricing around 
three cuts to around 2.5 hikes by year-end. 
• The repricing of monetary policy has been the single 
most important driver of the rise in global yields. 
• European natural prices gas are at the highest level 
since 2022, and inventories are seasonally low. 
• We do not expect energy prices to fall meaningfully 
before the US midterms on 3 November, as Iran has 
little incentive to ease pressure before the election. 

2. Global growth resilience
Where is the slowdown?
• Manufacturing activity has remained remarkably 
resilient despite higher energy prices and interest 
rates. 
• The resilience has been supported by a global 
investment boom, led by AI, defence, green 
investment and infrastructure. 
• Services activity has been much more subdued, with 
services PMI largely moving sideways. 
• In September, however, both manufacturing and 
services PMIs picked up strongly, potentially 
signalling a broader recovery. 
• This could indicate that the investment boom is 
beginning to spill over into the wider economy. 
• Higher energy prices and interest rates remain 
important downside risks, but the global economy 
has so far been more resilient than expected.

3. US Midterm elections
A Democratic sweep could lead to fiscal gridlock
• Democrats are increasingly likely to regain the 
House, while the Senate is also becoming more 
competitive. 
• A Democratic Congress would constrain Trump’s 
ability to pass new fiscal reforms and force greater 
bipartisan horse-trading. 
• Trump would retain significant control over trade and 
foreign policy and could veto Democratic legislation. 
• A Democratic Senate could block key appointments, 
including to the Federal Reserve and Supreme Court.
 
• A divided Congress could increase the risk of difficult 
budget and debt-ceiling negotiations.
• Fiscal policy could nevertheless become somewhat 
more expansionary if Democrats use budget 
negotiations to protect social spending in exchange 
for increased defence spending. 

4. Public finances under pressure
Surging risk premia in France
• Rising government bond yields are putting increasing 
pressure on highly indebted economies, such as 
France and the US. 
• Both France and the US run budget deficits of around 
5 – 6% of GDP, but the US benefits from significantly 
stronger economic growth. 
• France is unlikely to make meaningful progress in 
reducing its deficit over the coming year, with the risk 
that the fiscal position deteriorates further. 
• French risk premia have risen sharply, with French 
swap spreads widening while spreads elsewhere in 
G10 have been relatively stable. 
• The France – Germany 10Y spread has risen to its 
highest level since 2012, with France now paying the 
highest sovereign yield in the euro area. 
• With rates remaining high, fiscal sustainability will 
stay in focus – particularly ahead of the French 
presidential election in April next year. 

5. European elections
Political fragmentation and the rise of the right
• France faces a crucial presidential election in April 
2027, with candidates positioned across the political 
spectrum from the left to the centre and right. 
• Public finances are already becoming a central issue 
in the political debate, with increasingly 
unconventional proposals (e.g. writing off French 
debt) being discussed. 
• The election could potentially also trigger a snap 
parliamentary election, adding to political 
uncertainty. 
• In Germany, AfD has gained momentum and several 
state elections are scheduled for 2027, increasing 
pressure on the government. 
• Political developments in Italy and elsewhere also 
point to stronger right-wing forces across Europe. 
• The broader trend is toward greater political 
fragmentation and potentially more EU- and euro-
sceptic policies.

6. Japan – intervention and shifting capital flows
Enough to turn around the JPY super tanker? 
• Japan’s recent yen intervention was the largest ever, 
with the US participating for the first time in 30 years. 
• Japan intervenes by selling dollars and buying yen, 
drawing down FX reserves largely invested in US 
Treasuries (light-green area in right chart). 
• This creates a dilemma for the US: Washington wants 
a stronger JPY but does not want Japan selling 
Treasuries while US yields are high. Hence, US verbal 
intervention. 
• A more hawkish BoJ could narrow the Japan–US rate 
differential, reduce carry incentives and limit the 
need for further intervention. US rates need to come 
down as well. 
• Further intervention could put upward pressure on 
long-end US yields, while a shift from institutional 
investors such as the GPIF towards domestic assets 
could have major implications for global bond and 
equity markets.
• Read more here: JPY – A decisive turning point?

7. China 2.0 – mounting global trade tensions
Overproduction and underconsumption 
• China's global trade surplus continues to reach new 
highs, despite a sharp decline in its surplus with the 
US. 
• A growing share of China's trade surplus is being 
redirected towards Europe. 
• This is increasing pressure on European industry and 
raising the likelihood of further EU trade barriers. 
• China shows few signs of changing its strategy of 
building capacity in strategic sectors through 
extensive subsidies. 
• The risk is therefore of rising EU–China tensions at a 
time when transatlantic trade relations are already 
under pressure. 
• China's growing global export surplus remains an 
important source of potential trade friction.

8. New Fed under Kevin Warsh 
Less guidance, smaller balance sheet and tighter policy objective
• Kevin Warsh initially sounded relatively dovish but 
has since shifted clearly towards a more hawkish 
stance. 
• He faces a difficult balancing act between market 
expectations, the Fed consensus and Trump's 
repeated demands for lower rates. 
• So far, Warsh has largely aligned himself with the 
internal Fed consensus and resisted political pressure 
for faster rate cuts. 
• He has also been critical of forward guidance and 
appears to favour a less predictable communication 
strategy. 
• Warsh has called for a broader “regime change” at 
the Fed, including a narrower and clearer monetary-
policy mandate. 
• Five task forces are examining areas that could 
reshape the Fed's reaction function and the way 
monetary policy is conducted.
Warsh’s 5 task forces
1. Communications
How should the Fed communicate?
2. Balance Sheet
What should the Fed’s balance sheet look like?
3. Data
What data should the Fed rely on?
4. Productivity & Jobs
How is AI changing the economy?
5. Inflation Frameworks
Does the Fed need a new inflation 
framework?

9. Activist US Treasury
Most interventionist Treasury Secretary in decades 
• Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has become 
increasingly active in markets, including participating 
in efforts to support the yen and contain US yields.
• Treasury has announced larger buybacks of long-
dated US Treasuries, with scope to increase volumes 
further if needed. 
• Although the volumes remain small, the policy is 
viewed by many as an early intervention in the US 
yield curve – a “Treasury Operation Twist” to flatten 
the yield curve. 
• Rising market rates are clearly creating pressure for 
the White House, increasing the incentive for 
unconventional measures. 
• Further attempts to push down long-term yields 
could revive the USD debasement theme, which 
would mean a weaker dollar and renewed concerns 
about the erosion of US purchasing power.
Source: Financial Times

10. AI – bubble or investment boom?
Hyperscalers are burning through cash
• Hyperscalers' free cash flow has fallen sharply as AI-
related investment has accelerated. 
• Negative free cash flow means that some companies 
increasingly need to rely on banks and capital 
markets for additional financing. 
• Several AI companies have postponed planned IPOs, 
meaning the market still has limited transparency 
into their underlying financials and business models. 
• Investor concerns are increasingly shifting from high 
valuations towards leverage, financing needs and the 
sustainability of AI investment. 
• AI investment is no longer just an equity-market 
story: data centres and other AI-related investment 
are becoming increasingly important for the real US 
and global economy. 
• A correction in AI-related assets could therefore have 
consequences well beyond equity markets, 
potentially affecting the broader economic cycle.

Disclaimer
2026-10-02
Strategy & Economic Research- Information class: Open (C1)
12
The material in this presentation has been prepared by Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (“SEB”) for information purposes only, It does not 
constitute investment advice and is being provided to you without regard to your investment objectives or circum-stances, Opinions contained in the 
report represent the authors’ present opinion only and may be subject to change,
All information, including statements of fact, contained the material in this presentation has been obtained and compiled in good faith from sources
believed to be reliable, However, no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by SEB with respect to the completeness or accuracy
of its contents, and it is not to be relied upon as authoritative and should not be taken in substitu-tion for the exercise of reasoned, independent 
judgement by you, Recipients are urged to base their investment decisions upon such investigations as they deem necessary, To the extent
permitted by applicable law, no liability whatsoever is accepted by SEB for any direct or consequential loss arising from the use of the material on 
this website,
SEB, its affiliates or employees may buy or sell, hold long or short positions in, or act as principal in, the financial instruments re-ferred to on this
website or may from time to time perform or seek to perform investment banking or other services to the companies mentioned on this website,
The material in this presentation is intended only for residents of EEA member states and the UK, The material may only be distributed in the US by 
SEB Securities Inc, to recipients which are deemed Qualified Institutional Buyers,
Furthermore, material must not be sent to Canada, Japan or Australia and may not be distributed in jurisdictions where to do so would be unlawful, 
As a recipient you are confirming that you are resident in an EEA member state, the UK or a Qualified Institutional Buyer in the US
