 
5 October 2026
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Global  
 
 Cross-Discipline  
 Thematic Research  
 Date  
 
 
What are the biggest market 
dislocations? October 2026
Last month, we wrote that rates markets didn’t reflect the inflationary pressures 
ahead, with only limited tightening cycles priced in. We argued that, absent a fall 
in inflation, the pressure on rates would continue (link here).
Since then, we’ve had a major bond sell-off, alongside clear signs of broader stress: 
European sovereign bond spreads have widened significantly; investors are pricing 
in faster rate hikes from central banks; and the disruption in oil markets has kept 
Brent crude above $100/bbl.
Yet, despite all this, global equities are still far from correction territory, and the VIX 
index remains subdued. Credit spreads are nowhere near the highs of recent years. 
Even commodity curves are pricing a normalisation in oil prices for next year and 
beyond. So we’ve ended up in a situation where markets are pricing clear signs of 
stress, but not the broader consequences of that stress.
As a result, we’ve been left with this divide across asset classes, with bonds 
pricing a fundamentally different macro regime from equities. In essence, we’re 
pricing the symptoms of a new regime (e.g. yields at multi-decade highs and wider 
sovereign bond spreads), without pricing the logical consequences (e.g. lower 
growth and higher default risk) which have previously manifested in weakness for 
risk assets.
This dislocation is unlikely to persist. Unless the financial stress of the last week 
starts to ease rapidly (a bit like happened in the aftermath of SVB’s collapse in March 
2023), then risk assets will come under mounting pressure.
So what are some of the biggest market dislocations right 
now?
1. Last week brought clear signs of contagion in Europe, with French and Italian 
sovereign bond spreads widening significantly. Yet risk assets in aggregate saw 
little reaction, with the STOXX 600 still only 4% beneath its record high. This is 
completely different to what happened in other periods of sovereign stress.
n
The moves in sovereign bond spreads last week were reminiscent of crisis 
periods. Last week, the Franco-German 10yr spread widened 32bps, the 
most in available Bloomberg data back to German reunification in 1990. 
Similarly in Italy, the spread over 10yr bunds widened 23bps last week.
Henry Allen
Macro Strategist
+44-20-754-11149
Deutsche Bank AG
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 
2021 INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER 
DETAILS.

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
n
In previous moments of contagion fears like this, it’s gone hand-in-hand 
with a sharp correction in risk assets. That happened in the European 
sovereign crisis in 2011-12. It happened again in the turbulence of the 
pandemic in March 2020. And it also happened in 2022, when rate hikes 
and a growth slowdown saw the STOXX 600 enter a bear market.
n
But this time around, despite the widest Franco-German 10yr spread since 
2012, and the biggest weekly widening in decades, equities have barely 
budged. The STOXX 600 is within 4% of its highs, and the index “only” fell 
-1.1% last week. Those moves are not consistent with the scale of the 
spread widening. Elsewhere, Euro IG spreads have been remarkably calm, 
only rising to 101bps by Friday. That is far beneath their levels during the 
other periods of stress mentioned above, such as 2011-12, 2020, and 2022.
n
This simultaneous situation of sharply widening sovereign spreads, but 
limited equity declines and limited widening for corporate credit is highly 
unusual. In essence, we have rates markets pricing contagion and a 
significant hit to growth, which isn’t being reflected in other asset classes.
Figure 1: Last week saw the biggest weekly widening 
(bps) in the Franco-German 10yr yield spread in decades
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
1990
2000
2010
2020
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 2: Yet other asset classes haven't seen similar 
stress, with Europe's STOXX 600 currently 4% beneath its 
record high
250
300
350
400
450
500
550
600
650
700
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
2. Last week’s financial stress saw markets price out the chance of rate hikes. But 
inflation is still above target, and markets risk over-weighting how dovish central 
banks can be. In fact, we saw this repeatedly in 2022-23, when several moments 
of financial stress led to dovish repricings, which were each unwound given 
above-target inflation.
n
Given last week’s contagion fears and the tightening in financial 
conditions, investors priced out the chance of future rate hikes from the big 
central banks like the Fed and the ECB. That applied to the next decision in 
October, as well as the rate path further out.
n
However, because inflation is above target, there’s inherently a limit to how 
dovish central banks can become. That’s unlike the 2010s, when below-
target inflation gave central banks the space to make dovish pivots in 
response to financial stress, as the Fed did in early 2016, and again in late-
2018.
n
Instead, the backdrop is closer to the last inflation wave in 2022-23. Back 
then, there were several moments of stress that led to a clear dovish 
repricing:
n
It happened initially after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in early 2022, 

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
when growth fears initially outweighed the inflation ones.
n
It happened again in September/October 2022 at the height of the 
equity bear market, around the time of the UK mini-budget and the 
associated market turmoil.
n
It also happened around SVB’s collapse in March 2023, when fears 
of financial contagion led to questions about whether the economy 
could weather more hikes.
n
Nevertheless, each time the underlying problem of above-target inflation 
reasserted itself, forcing central banks to keep hiking, and that risk is being 
neglected again today. Indeed, for all that real yields have risen, broader 
financial conditions haven’t reacted too much by historic standards.
n
On top of that, we also know central bankers tend to overcorrect for the last 
crisis. We’re already seeing a more hawkish reaction function today given 
many were criticised for underestimating inflation back in 2021-22.
n
Ultimately, the problem is, so long as headline and core inflation remain 
above target, it’s difficult for central banks with an inflation mandate to ride 
to the rescue every time we see financial stress.
Figure 3: In the 2010s, inflation was generally below 
target, and central banks could shift dovishly in times of 
financial stress
-2%
-1%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
2007
2009
2011
2013
2015
2017
2019
US PCE (yoy % change)
Euro Area HICP (yoy % change)
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
Figure 4: But in the 2020s, with above-target inflation, 
they don't have that space
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
US PCE (yoy %
change)
Euro Area HICP
(yoy % change)
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
3. The oil futures curve still implies a normalisation in oil prices, despite being 
consistently wrong for over six months now. Markets keep pricing a 
breakthrough that hasn’t arrived.
n
When the US-Iran conflict began, the oil futures curve became heavily 
backwardated, or downward-sloping. People expected the conflict to be 
temporary, and therefore oil prices would be lower in the months ahead if 
the Strait of Hormuz reopened.
n
Initially, it looked like those hopes would be realised, as oil prices fell 
significantly in June when the interim deal was agreed between the US and 
Iran. But, when the re-escalation occurred from July onwards, the curve 
became backwardated again, which has persisted since.
n
Yet, even though the conflict has lasted over 6 months now, people still 
expect oil prices to see a significant decline in another six months’ time. At 
time of writing, the front-end Brent future is at $102/bbl, the 6-month future 
is at $90/bbl, the 12-month future is at $83/bbl.

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
n
So, despite being consistently wrong on this, markets are still pricing in 
lower oil prices ahead. But, because the conflict has continued, oil prices 
have persistently had to catch up. We can see this by looking at the current 
front-end future for December 2026, which is now hovering around its 
highest levels to date.
Figure 5: The spread between the front-end Brent future 
and the 6-month Brent future ($/bbl) has consistently 
pointed to lower oil prices ahead
-10
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
Jan-26
Mar-26
May-26
Jul-26
Sep-26
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
Figure 6: But expectations have kept adjusting, as we can 
see for the December 2026 Brent contract ($/bbl), which is 
hovering around its highest levels to date
50
60
70
80
90
100
110
Jan-26
Apr-26
Jul-26
Oct-26
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
4. On a connected note, recent months have seen continued supply shocks. Yet 
markets are only pricing the first-round inflation shock, rather than the second-
round consequences as well.
n
This year has brought extensive supply disruption, most notably with the 
closure of the Strait of Hormuz. Collectively, that’s driven up energy and 
food prices, whilst the ongoing El Nino risks further exacerbating that. This 
is the obvious first-round effect.
n
But, with the Strait of Hormuz still restricted over six months on, it’s 
increasingly tough to call this a temporary shock. Indeed, Brent crude oil 
prices remain above $100/bbl, and broader commodity prices have risen 
significantly.
n
First, it isn’t obvious how a dramatic oil price decline happens in the next 
few months. If anything, recent reports have suggested an escalation is still 
possible, with the WSJ reporting that President Trump expects to resume 
bombing after the mid-terms, and Bloomberg (among others) reported that 
the US was sending an additional aircraft carrier, along with 10,000 sailors 
and Marines to the Persian Gulf.
n
Second, we know from history that many of these supply-side shocks can 
linger. For instance, after the 1973 oil crisis, prices nearly quadrupled, but 
remained at that level in real terms for years afterwards, and didn’t fall back 
to the starting level.
n
Third, we saw in the last inflation wave of 2021-22 how energy inflation can 
spread into core items, particularly when it lingers more than a few months. 
After all, every industry uses energy, and those higher costs can get passed 
on into other goods and services.
n
Fourth, the monetary tightening to bring down inflation has only just 
begun, and occurs with a lag that peaks after 12 months. We are some way 
from that point yet.

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
n
Fifth, when inflation has already been above target for a period, if another 
supply shock were to happen, there are heightened risks that it unanchors 
inflation expectations, because inflation has already been high for an 
extended period.
n
For now, markets still expect oil prices and broader inflation to come down 
in the months ahead. In other words, they’re pricing that second-round 
effects are unlikely to persist. However, the experience of recent months 
and past supply shocks suggests that the risks lean in the other direction.
5. The broader point is the bond market has now started to price in a world of 
mounting financial stress, but equities remain sanguine. Increasingly, they’re 
pricing two fundamentally different worlds.
n
Over the last month, we’ve seen bond markets price in more inflation risk, 
more fiscal risk, and the risk of more restrictive policy rates. That’s pushed 
yields up to multi-year highs around the world. But equities have generally 
brushed this off, with the S&P 500 closing within 1% of its record high last 
Friday, whilst the STOXX 600 remains within 4% of its record high this 
morning.
n
Clearly, it’s possible for yields and equities to rise together when growth 
remains strong. However, last week demonstrated that this is not simply a 
“high growth” story. In fact, sovereign spreads are now widening 
significantly, credit is coming under stress, oil prices remain high, and 
investors are actively questioning if the economy can cope with further rate 
hikes.
n
The problem is that when this kind of financial stress has persisted, be that 
in the sovereign crisis in 2011, or the pandemic turmoil of early 2020, or in 
the rapid rate hikes of 2022, risk assets can’t shrug that off indefinitely. In 
all those cases, there were ultimately significant equity declines in the 
affected markets. Unless the broader financial stress disappears quickly (as 
happened after SVB’s collapse in March 2023), then risk assets will come 
under mounting pressure.
Figure 7: The divergence between the S&P 500 and US real yields (%) has continued to widen in the last month
1.1
1.3
1.5
1.7
1.9
2.1
2.3
2.5
2.7
2.9
4900
5400
5900
6400
6900
7400
Jan-25
Apr-25
Jul-25
Oct-25
Jan-26
Apr-26
Jul-26
Oct-26
S&P 500 (lhs)
US 10yr Real Yield (rhs, inverted)
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG
Conclusion: Bonds and equities are pricing different 
regimes, but the ultimate resolution will be decided by 
whether this financial stress begins to slow the economy.
The last week has seen clear signs of financial market stress:
n
Sovereign bond spreads have widened as investors become more worried 
about fiscal risks.
n
The prospect of faster rate hikes has pushed front-end yields higher around 
the world.
n
Longer-dated oil futures keep rising, as investors price a longer closure of 
the Strait of Hormuz and extended disruption to oil markets.
Because of all this, bond markets are starting to recognise that the collection of 
shocks we’re seeing are unlikely to prove temporary.
This pattern has echoes of what we saw in the European sovereign crisis of 2011, 
the initial pandemic turmoil of March 2020, and the rapid rate-hiking cycle of 2022. 
In each case, there were clear signs of financial stress. Moreover, growth also took 
a hit, either via an outright recession or a significant slowdown. That backdrop 
meant that equities and other risk assets came under pressure as well.
But today, we haven’t seen the financial stress cause wider growth spillovers so far. 
After all, it’s only just begun, and until recently it was plausible to argue that higher 
yields were also driven by strong growth. However, last week’s market moves 
demonstrated that this is no longer simply a “strong growth” story.
For now, equities have been remarkably unfazed. And we know from the previous 
episodes above that the equity reaction can be delayed. For instance, in late-2021, 
even as central banks began to turn more hawkish and inflation was far above 
target, the S&P 500 and the STOXX 600 kept rising, and only peaked in January 
2022. So there has been a lag before.
For now, there are still hopes that this disruption will prove temporary, whether 
that's from fiscal risks, tighter central bank policy, or the inflation risk from oil. 
Indeed, previous moments of stress in recent years, like March 2023 around SVB’s 
collapse, ultimately passed quickly and did not cause a broader correction for risk 
assets.
Nevertheless, it’s getting harder to justify these two realities at once. If the financial 
stress above continues, all the recent precedents suggest that risk assets will 
eventually come under mounting pressure, even if it happens with a lag.

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 7
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, 
and other sources. For further information regarding disclosures relevant to Deutsche Bank Research, please visit our global 
disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/FICCDisclosures. Aside from within 
this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/
Disclaimer. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view 
in this report. Henry Allen.

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche 
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be 
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this 
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the 
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or 
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as 
principal for its own account or as agent for another person. 
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account 
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank, 
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research 
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from 
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or 
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts 
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading 
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not 
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity 
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have 
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for 
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the 
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst 
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks 
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with 
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally 
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has 
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate 
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and 
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole 
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular 
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or 
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a 
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and 
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to 
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a 
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude 
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous 
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from 
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in the preparation of this 
material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, content drafting and editorial 
corrections pertaining to research material.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our 
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our 
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer. 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay 
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases 
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the 
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in 
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to 
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets 
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency 
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are 
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by 
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in 
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables 
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating 
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. 
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 9
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness 
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their 
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and 
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss 
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable 
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to 
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an 
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document.  If you are unable to access the website, please contact 
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange 
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes 
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could 
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an 
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the ‘Disclosures' tab. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser, 
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in 
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your 
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other 
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient 
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation 
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type, 
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision. 
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of 
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment 
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this 
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst 
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made 
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a 
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts 
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts 
with FINRA. 
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and 
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields, 
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent 
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to futures 
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures 
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The 
author(s) of a research report , and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, may not be licensed to carry on 
regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set 
out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, 
including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. 
This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional 
investors. 

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Page 10
Deutsche Bank AG
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered 
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is 
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437; 
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: 
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: 
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of 
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all 
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for 
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject 
company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-
equities-india/index?language_id=1.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in 
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction 
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price 
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services. 
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result 
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial 
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless 
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by 
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the 
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period..
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number 
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10). 
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. 
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert 
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility 
to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently 
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be 
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the 
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or 
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business 
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King 
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial 
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank 
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority. 
Australia and New Zealand:  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures 

5 October 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 11
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where 
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement, 
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In 
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact 
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use 
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management, 
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses 
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from 
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value 
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record 
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested 
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also 
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, 
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that 
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other 
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading 
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or 
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results 
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the 
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention. 
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of 
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG 
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within 
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in 
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of 
Deutsche Bank AG. 
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to participate 
in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective and other principal 
investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be lower or higher than 
portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the investment opportunities 
available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance standards on all aspects of ESG 
or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet expectations in connection with 
corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG

David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
COO and Head of Fixed
Income Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of Macro and
Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of
Sustainability and Data
Innovation, Research
Robin Winkler
Head of German Macro
Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM &
APAC Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates
Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX
Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
Nilendra de-Mel
Head of APAC & Middle
East Product
Development
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce 
Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Singapur
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower,
Singapore 048583
TeL: +65 6423 8001
