GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 5 Oct 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets
5 Oct 2026
Stat of the day
HFs rotated into TMT stocks in September, while nearly every other sector was net sold.
Chart of the day (h/t Brian Garrett)
Macro GS Research:
1. Q3 Earnings Preview - The Q3 2026 earnings season will kick off during the week of October 12. By
the end of October, roughly 70% of S&P 500 market cap will have reported. Most of the hyperscalers are
scheduled to report during the last week of October. Consensus expects S&P 500 year/year EPS growth of
27% in Q3. This compares with realized growth of 33% in Q2, excluding some accounting distortions.
Analyst estimates show the beneficiaries of AI infrastructure spending accounting for over 50% of S&P
500 EPS growth this quarter alongside hyperscaler capex growth of 116%. We expect most companies will
once again surpass consensus earnings estimates this quarter. For the median S&P 500 stock, consensus
estimates show year/year EPS growth slowing from 14% in Q2 to 9% in Q3. Input cost pressures will
likely limit the magnitude of sequential margin expansion in Q3, and the dollar should provide a modestly
smaller tailwind to S&P 500 revenue growth this quarter than last quarter. However, recent economic
growth data have been strong and S&P 500 earnings revision breadth has remained positive. The earnings
distortion from private equity stakes should fade in Q3 while tariff refunds continue to provide a modest
boost to earnings. The mega-cap tech companies' largest equity investments do not appear to have

appreciated in Q3 as much as they did earlier this year. However, tariff refunds totaled $77 billion in Q2
and $69 billion in Q3, equating to roughly 6% of total US corporate pre-tax profits each quarter.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
1. Semis 3Q Preview - We see upside to estimates across most sub-sectors of the semiconductor ecosystem
heading into 3Q earnings. Following a significant pullback in the sector over the past two months driven
by significant de-risking (SOX down 11% vs. SPX up 4%), we see a more constructive trading setup
ahead of earnings. This stands in stark contrast to the 2Q setup, where we signaled a more cautious tactical
outlook heading into results. We expect significant positive estimate revisions for SemiCap companies
given pull-ins to WFE spending, and long-term visibility into 2028. In compute, given an upward bias to
hyperscaler CapEx, we see upside for both server CPUs (increasing agentic AI attach) and key ASIC
programs. We are favorable on analog given upside to estimates - and we prefer stocks with the greatest
industrial, aero/defense and datacenter exposures. Finally, we see fundamental upside for the
memory/storage complex, but prefer HDDs and NAND given a lack of near-term supply additions.
2. Banks 3Q Preview - As we head into 3Q26 earnings, we expect investors to focus on three key themes:
1) the outlook for capital markets after a strong 2Q26, with 3Q26 equities trading expected to normalize
QoQ, pockets of weakness in FICC given the move in rates and a much slower investment banking
quarter, although still up YoY; 2) the outlook for NII amidst strong loan growth, coupled with fixed rate
asset repricing, partially offset by higher deposit costs; 3) the prospects for capital deployment to moderate
from here, driven by lower levels of excess capital, the AOCI impact from higher rates, and pressure from
three consecutive years of G-SIB buffer increases. Valuation for the group appears fair, after the 5%
decrease in share prices in 3Q26, driven by multiple derating. The average FY+2 P/E multiple now stands
at the ~50th percentile and the group is trading at 60% of the S&P 500 multiple (1pp below the historical
level). We expect that large cap banks will continue to generate attractive ROTCEs in the near term given
the strong revenue environment and benign credit outlook, although a multiple re-rating is dependent on
greater clarity around the macro and the shape of the rates curve in particular. In our view, the best
positioned and most topical stocks remain WFC (on CL), BAC and C.
3. Boeing Company Updates - Boeing has recently seen a union contract ratification, news around 737
MAX software, and capture of the F/A-XX award. The labor negotiation had risk of dragging on, and
created risk to the 777X timeline, and is therefore a positive development. The 737 MAX software news
appeared to be a new challenge, though the FAA has now declared it not a flight-safety risk. F/A-XX is a
surprise win, and when paired with F-47, bolsters the long-term growth outlook for the defense business.
We are Buy rated on Boeing.
Market Update
NDX hit a new ATH today though rates kept risk appetite at bay after backing up to pre-(softer) NFP
levels this afternoon. No smoking gun from our rates colleagues outside of very few buyers of duration.
Asset Mgr and HF flows finished balanced on the week with the only notable flow dynamic being an
uptick of demand in Semis on positive catalysts (solid MU earnings, NVDA increasing buyback plans,

etc). S&P is down seven straight weeks which speaks to continued concentration into Tech, at expense of
other sectors in market, which got more pronounced in September.
Overall, minimal willingness to chase this move higher despite light positioning. Activity levels remain
spotty, given ongoing performance challenges, increasingly demanding macro backdrop (Oil, Rates),
looming midterm overhang, and high velocity narrative shifts within AI. Limited catalysts next week: ISM
Services Mon), FOMC Minutes (Weds) and a few EPS reports as well: (STZ Tues night, APLD Wed night,
PEP Thurs morning, and DAL Fri morning).
CALENDAR
14:45 UKT S&P Global US services PMI, September final (consensus 58.7, last 58.7)
Earnings:
Pre: /
Post: /
US Conferences:
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York — 2-3 Dec — Industrials
GS Financial Services Conference, New York — 8-9 Dec — Financials
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 5 Oct 2026.
