GS Molavi - Ruminations Macro Micro Markets 5 Oct 2026
Bobby Molavi  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
5 Oct 2026
The market feels healthy and unhealthy at the same time….the headline level feels at odds with sentiment
and volatility beneath the surface….and across asset classes.
The first dynamic to note is that traditional correlations are, for now, a bit broken. Equities vs yields, Index
vol vs single/theme/factor vol, equity levels vs gross, var vs gross, rates vol vs equity vol to name but a
few;
Re-escalation in middle east or at least no solution yet - check
Oil sticky high – check
Diesel all time highs and shortages - check
Yields rallying or at all time highs - check
Issuance blips with some IPOs pulled - check
Rate hikes and central bank policy shifts - check
Inflation above target - check
Equity all time highs - say again?
It does feel a bit like whack a mole at the moment. Every week feels somewhat challenging...and yet the
end of the week seems shows a round trip back to where we started just bruised and battered. It is
normally one reason or another that sustains us...rather than anything structural or sustainable...this week
the dovish trifecta of soft jobs, tame PCE, and the G7 oil release seem to have been enough to play things
forward.... shifting the odds toward a Fed pause and eventual easing, reducing the diesel and inflationary
tensions building from high oil, supportive of long-duration growth and also for real assets and hard
money.
The headline record index levels do not do justice for what is happening beneath the surface.
Homebuilders down 15 to 20% in last month, Semis vs software having violent see saws, real assets and
high roic vs duration also getting whipsawed, shorts and crowding getting harder to manage, consumer
inertia the latest area coming under ai disruption pressure, euro banks getting caught in eur sov concerns
and the consumer and the k shape of this economy or ability to handle inflation also driving dispersion.
Elsewhere, the big keep getting bigger with Meta meteoric rise in last few weeks….with Nvidia all time
high on Friday and now approaching a $6 trillion of market cap…and with Microsoft rallying 50% from
its July lows to be up on the year.
So micro and index alll looking healthy....even if very narrow and increasingly dependent on one theme.
At the same time, equities feel less linked to macro as one might expect. The narrowness and

concentration a feature of this equity market rather than a bug (that could change). As such as long as
belief around Ai and Ai capex holds....Oil, rate policy, deficit, jobs, yields, geopolitics, war, political
uncertainty...all come secondary if at all in the markets weighing process.
So now eyes remain on the 3 main pillars - yields/rates, Oil and Ai theme. With secondary questions
around central bank policy, when is high too high and will break things vs Oil and pressure reduction
(reserve release) vs solutions (ceasefires) and finally the end game for Ai (not literally…I hope). October a
huge news flow month with treasury auctions, earnings, elections, geopolitics and politics all co-existing.
Flows and impacts. Japanese JGB, OATS, Front end rates globally, MAg7 ETFs, Gold, Hynix and Korea
earlier this year. The impact of flows and flow asymmetry are being felt repeatedly. It does feel like the co-
mingling or increased correlation between retail flows and institutional flows driving even more velocity
some of these moves. Also these moves seem to have a two sided dynamic to it that is increasingly
binary…not more sellers than buyers….more all selling (with no buyers) or all buying (with no supply).
Politics. Things starting to bubble if not boil. Social unrest in Spain. French budget negotiations. UK
budget and Labour 'manifesto', Bolsonaro vs Lula in Brazil perhaps a case and point....and the upcoming
Midterms a more important litmus test. It does feel the political spectrum has shifted away from the
middle and now more a fight between the Left and Right and with greater representation and relevance
placed on the 'wings'. There are two issues here....more shouting and less governing, but also a risk of
violent policy shifts from one philosophy/ideology to another. We see this, to some degree, in the US with
the politicisation of Data centres and Ai and some using it as a platform for election.
Geopolitics. Troop increases in Iran. Return of Terrorism. Russia/Ukraine rolls on. US/Xi summit and
US/China being the 'big game'. It is almost impossible to model this end game. That being said, for me,
the Fukuyama 'end of history' and victory for liberal democracy feels now out of date. We are moving into
a more fractious and kinetic world. With challenges across fiscal, social, demographic, defence, growth,
weather, food/water amongst others to deal with. What is clear, to me, is that geo politics is going to
matter for the foreseeable for market sentiment and direction of travel. A nod to the emergence of a new
economic Cold war 2. One where tariffs and technology live hand in hand and economic/technological
supremacy becomes a political focus. We’ve seen the renewed focus on defence in a more fractious (less
globalised world) as well as the focus on protectionism and onshoring in an IP paranoid world. We are
starting to see second order allegiances emerge (eg China buying Energy from Russia/Iran and/or China
supplying ‘materials’ to Russia)….who gets military support and funding and who doesn’t….. as well as a
different rule set around who you can sell chips to and at what price. We’re also seeing action and
response in relation to things like solar, EV, renewables and green tech – in the form of subsidy, pricing vs
market share and market formation (just look at Tesla vs the 150 Chinese EV’s px war at play). Ultimately,
all of this points to a move to a more fragmented globally trading paradigm where some relationships are
deep and loyal, some tactical and opportunistic and some are transactional. The impacts of this shift are
hard to compare to Cold war 1….mainly because as the world became globalised the inter relatedness of
economies has grown and the pain to extract yourself is material (the Chinese consumer last I checked
mattered….in a lot of places). The crux, however, is that things are unequivocally changing…and will

likely change more. The competing forces of migration, demographics, defence, cyber, tech, gdp vs ip etc
will make for a 3 dimensional world….turning into a 5 dimensional game
Yield. Why are they high? Can they go higher? Does it matter? Well to start with….lets take a mark to
market…US 10yr and 30yr ripping in spite of a Fed hike…teh 30 year now around 6.25% at the time of
writing and the highest level since 2002. UK 30year now around 6.25% also….which is the highest level
since 1998….and the French bond move speaks for itself…both in terms of quantum, velocity of move
and for having just had its worst quarter since the creation of the Euro over 25 years ago. In terms of why
they are high…not going to go into that debate as enough ink spilt on it…but ultimately different reasons
in different countries ranging from hot economy, fiscal spiral, deficits, inflation, central bank policy,
competing supply (Ai capex issuance as one example), shift in buyers (treasuries). Finally…does it
matter…well clearly it does…but equally for markets
France. The CAC now one of the only global markets down on the year. The French bond market…the
third largest in Europe… under a great deal of stress. We’ve seen de-risking flows on french assets over
the last few weeks as politics and yields trump micro and fundamentals. In reality, the OAT moves have
been dramatic…repricing French paper in violent fashion. The knock on effects are broad…domestic
lending getting more expensive, credit to households and enterprise slowing, subsequent impacts to the
economy potentially impacting the fiscal deficit…and a combination of the above potentially making
foreign investment more challenging. Unlike other parts of the world…the ECB is constrained not just
financially (or by balance sheet) but also politically and legally. Since Lagarde came out publicly and
stated the ECB is not there to ‘close spreads’ ECB holding of gov debt are up Euro 1.4 trillion but….when
it comes to france….it may fall out of scope for the TPI protective backstop given elections in spring 2027
and risks of an intervention being viewed as having political impacts.
Southern Europe. The ‘Pigs’ as they were once unfairly tarnished are now something entirely different.
Attracting foreign investment (see Solaria and PPC deals with hyperscalers), attracting foreign talent (see
recent UK departures to Athens, Milan, Lisbon in search of better weather, food and tax jurisdiction), look
at political stability with Meloni the longest serving Pres/PM in Europe and fiscal stability - see France
yields as case and point. One word of caution though….dusting off my old Economics 1.0
handbook….higher yields normally bad for certain sectors….real estate being one….and nominal and real
house prices in Greece, Spain, Portugal up materially and real GDP in those regions have the highest
correlation to real estate across Europe.
Ai Capex. This time is different...i'm sure....i hope....lets all hope....because.... Railways in 1845….Utilities
in 1929….Japan in 1989…..Dotcome in 2000…..Shale in 2014…..normally the trigger all ways the
same....a central bank pivot. Same order each time - stocks peak, capex keeps rising (for 6 to 24 months),
then capex roll....then stocks roll.
Concentration. Scores through time of themes as % of S&P market cap…or put another way peak
concentration and narrowness to ‘one trade’ through time. Railroads in 1830’s 63%, Utilities build out in
1920’s 36%, Nifty fifty in 1972 40%, Japan in 1985 44%, TMT in 1999 41%, Ai big 10 42% (with chance
of that going up depending on 1 or 2 new IPOs).

Issuance. Some signs of trouble. The performance of secondary sell downs globally. The pausing of IPOs
in the US. It does seem that the market is moving to a more discerning approach to liquidity vs what we
saw in H1 which was more akin to 'bring it and i'll buy it'. Two school of thoughts here...some arguing this
is just healthy price discipline, some pointing to the fact that not all assets are created equally and the
discount needed for something new vs something listed and known has grown as a result of narrowness,
concentration, indexation and benchmarking. The more worrying arguments point to a slowing in retail
momo and fomo, the persistence of a bid offer gap that is too wide to cross between public markets and
private markets (and their marks, carry hopes and IRR hurdles).
Mixed signals. S&P and Nasdaq at all time highs...but job market at 10 year low (as defined by blend of
hiring, quits, openings, hours, wages, temp jobs, claims, sahm rule and postings). I think a reflection of a
key thing that is obvious bus sometimes forgotten....the market has detatched as a proxy or totemic
instrument to reflect the strength of the economy. Of course it is an indicator and can correlate but it is
more, at least for now, a narrow representation of the value being attributed to 10 top 50 stocks primarily
focussed on one theme...namely Ai. As such the narrowness we witness comes with a divergence from
traditional metrics we all watch...yields, jobs, gdp.
Speed of change. Have looked at this through speed of value creation…eg Anthropic from zero to circa $2
trillion in 5 years…or in terms of ARR with some going from zero to $500m or more in around a year
(Lovable, Cursor just 2 examples). We are now seeing the same theme playing out in venture capital. I
read this week about Sequoia investing in Ineffable intelligence at a valuation of $55m.....rougly a month
later...Index and Lightspeed investing in the same company....at $4bn and $5.1bn (ie two prices in the
same round). Elsewhere we have seen pre product rasies such Thinking machines lab at $12bnor Safe
superinterlligence.
Bottlenecks. Lets assume the compute is needed....then the data centres are the solution and their build out
funded (or will be funded)...and the chips to fill them can and will be built (including all the component
parts and rare earths)...then there is another question...can these data centres be built on time and on spec.
Data centre deployment likely caps out at around 20 to 25 GW by early next year due to delays, politics
and bottlenecks. In fact looking at Data centre build outs pre Ai only 72% came on line ontime....and that
was without the scale of what is trying to be built and the complexity of sourcing all the things to build it -
materials, labour and porudcts.
Innovation and evolution. As we debate what Ai will or wont be, will or wont impact and rates of
adoption. I did read this and reflect...the path from 1 to 2 trillion.....photographs. In 1840 we invented the
daguerreotype..or put another way...the first photograph...we could handle a few a day....so call it a few
thousand in a year...by 1930 we had the Kodak brownie and roll film...and were at around 1bn a year... by
1980 we had 35mm and slr and were at around 25bn a year....by 2011 we moved into digital for the first
time and we got to 380bn a year (ps traditional film collapsed to 4bn a year) by 2019 we had a smartphone
in every pocket (sort of) and we wefre at 1.44 trillion....and this year....we have just hit 2 trillion photos a
year (94% of which are shot on a smartphone). All the way...many lamented the end of traditional camera,
polaroid, the art of developing film, the disruption of photography as an art form...and yet here are

today...2 trillion pics pumped out...some casualties along the way (miss polaroids and disposable cameras).
The only constant is change.
Some charts to finish….
1, Risk appetite
2, Narrowness
3, Spend…spend…spend.
4, OATS and France
5, France vs Germany
6, ETF – the wrapper that rules them all
Cumulative US listed ETF fund flow by year.
7, It’s all about Oil stupid.




Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 5 Oct 2026.
