 
 
 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2026 
 
IDEAS & INSIGHTS – IN BRIEF 
• 
MARKET UPDATES – Thoughts on today’s session and tomorrow’s key events 
• 
TRADING DESK COMMENTARY – Desk commentary from  
• 
US MKT INTEL VIEW – We return to our Tactically Bullish view and update the Monetization 
Menu. 
 
AFTERNOON UPDATES (NEWS LINKS) 
• 
SPX +0.7%, NDX +0.9%, RTY +0.5%. WTI -207bps at $89.22, NatGas +122bps to $3.07, UK 
NatGas -191bps to £1.8450, Gold -3bps to $4,140, Silver +115bps to $61.06, 10Y @ 5.311%, 
and VIX @ 15.52. 
• 
US: Stocks closed higher, led by Tech, but as a part of a broader rally, which saw nearly 65% of 
stocks higher with 10 of 11 sectors in the green. It appears that investors were both long buying 
and short covering; our Potential Squeeze basket (JPSQZZ Index) outperformed the SPX by 
13bp. Market concentration has been a flagged risk to the markets with conventional wisdom 
suggesting the need for yields to stabilize before we could see ex-Tech part of SPX stage a 
consistent rally. Thematically, Stagflation / Rates Sensitives led, and Beta / Momentum lagged; 
Software over Semis, Growth over Value, and Defensives over Cyclicals.  
• 
EU/UK: European equities closed mostly higher with Spain higher on election optimism and 
France the notable laggard on sovereign credit risk. Thematically, Defense, Energy, and 
Software led Homebuilders, Renewables, Power/Electricity lagged. Momentum / Growth led, 
Quality / Beta lagged; Cyclicals over Defensives. UKX +0.3%, SX5E +0.1%, SXXP +0.4%, DAX 
+0.1%. 
 
CATALYSTS TOMORROW (FULL WEEK CALENDAR) 
• 
US MACRO DATA TOMORROW: ADP Weekly Employment Change at 8.15am ET. Trade 
Balance, Imports and Exports at 8.30am ET. 
• 
US EARNINGS TOMORROW: AEHR, BRUN, LW, NEOG, STZ 

 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
GLOBAL MACRO DATA TOMORROW: (Germany) Factory Orders at 2am ET. (France) IP at 
2.45am ET. (UK) PMIs at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) Retail Sales at 5am ET. (Japan) Labor Cash 
Earnings at 7.30pm ET. (China) Foreign Reserves at time TBD ET. 
 
JPM MARKET INTEL EQUITY & MACRO NARRATIVE 
 
TODAY 
• 
ISM-SRVCS – JPM ECON – The national services surveys remained consistent with solid 
growth in September, though the PMI is now sending a stronger growth signal than the ISM. The 
final PMI business activity index was revised up to 58.8 from 58.7 in the flash estimate, its 
highest level since July 2021. The press release called the PMI level consistent with GDP 
growing at a robust annualized rate of 5% in September and roughly 4% in 3Q, a bit above our 
forecast of 3.5%. The details pointed to further strength in demand, with new order growth 
accelerating to a four-and-a-half year high. The inflation signal also firmed, with input cost 
inflation accelerating to its fastest pace since November 2022 amid higher fuel, transportation, 
and labor costs. The ISM services index painted a somewhat softer picture, edging down to 54.9 
from 55.4 in August as business activity and new orders pulled back modestly. Nevertheless, the 
new orders index remained elevated at 59.8, suggesting demand remains resilient. The ISM 
pricing signal was more concerning, however, with the prices paid index rising to 74.0, its highest 
reading since July 2022, as respondents continued to cite higher fuel costs, tariffs, and supply-
chain constraints. Labor-market signals improved in both surveys, with the PMI employment 
gauge reaching its highest level since June 2022 and the ISM employment index returning to 
expansion territory at 50.1 after two months below 50. 
o MKT INTEL – This is another solid ISM print with the index in expansion territory for 22 
consecutive months with add’l industries seeing growth; great to see growth spreading to 
more areas of the economy. Prices Paid remains above 70, a level it has been for 6 of the 
last 7 months and the highest level since July 2022. This component tends to precede 
CPI by 2-3 months, so the inflation impulse remains a key risk to markets. Tariffs and fuel 
costs are the most cited issues among businesses.  
▪ 
We think the print is supportive of our Tactically Bullish view and that the 
increase in bond yields means that market concentration around Tech is likely to 
continue. Stated differently, we need bond yields to stabilize, move slightly lower, 
to get Cyclicals fully going. Keep an eye on Financials from the bullish perspective; 
positioning remains light. Rob O’Dwyer has a good note out and he highlights: 

 
 
 
 
 
 
▪ 
LONG: C / MS / PNC / FITB / CFG / BNY 
▪ 
SHORT: WFC / TFC / RF / BAC / HBAN 
 
TOMORROW / LATER THIS WEEK 
• 
ADP – markets will want to see when survey data, which points to higher employment, shows up 
in official data given the downside surprise from NFP.  
• 
FED – this week, we have 7x Fedspeakers plus Fed Minutes on Weds. Given recent dovish 
Fedspeak, which has reduced Oct hike probability from ~70% a week ago to ~26% now, the 
market will look to see if there are any additional cues to how the Fed is thinking.  
 
 
TRADING DESK COMMENTARY 
• 
BRIAN HEAVEY (TMT) – JPM TMT - Quick Update 
o 3P research firm (Cleveland) saying "agentic transactions were 2x in sept" helping 
support  {META US Equity} and  {SHOP US Equity}. Certain Muse "disruption" names 
continue to struggle, notable  {BKNG Equity} and  {EXPE Equity}, but the AI Vulnerable 
baskets are bouncing to start the day (largely due to the PTC deal).  
o The PTC deal is putting a bid under Construction SW names  {ADSK Equity} and  {PCOR 
US Equity} - we are seeing $$ added here (the PTC deal premium certainly notable).  
o Few Qs we're getting -  {CRM Equity} getting hit despite a decent rally in the app software 
names. Generally think the PTC deal is lifting the "AI Vulnerable" baskets (Internet and 
SW both general outperformers). Not sure why CRM u/p...  
o Our flows are VERY quiet to start the week (as been the case for Monday's of late). 
Continue to see profit-taking in Hardware (which ripped on Fri). 
• 
JOSH MEYERS (TMT) – TSM / INTC. Gokul Hariharan just out with a note sharing his view on 
the TSM-Terafab headlines I discussed in my morning daily. He continues to anticipate TSM will 
build a second fab cluster in Texas (ramping in 2030+) – either a pure foundry or a JV with 
dedicated capacity for TSLA/SPCX; and he does not expect this to be a deal involving Terafab 
(beyond possibly investments). He believes the primary motivation is securing compute (which 
SPCX is doing profitably), though we also hear 1) rumblings that the AI6 ramp at Samsung may 
be ramping more slowly than Musk would like and 2) that TSM may have won some incremental 
XPU orders thru Mediatek (guessing he means MTIA, though there’s no confirmation here); 
together these things buoy TSM’s willingness to accelerate capex further. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
o His take is that this implies a reduction in competition, supporting a higher TSM multiple. 
It can also be read positively for GUC (which could keep share on AI6). Note is here. 
• 
JOSH MEYERS (TMT) – MRVL hosts its 2026 INVESTOR DAY tomorrow at 9am ET. 
o Harlan expects a long-term financial framework through C30, including an updated 
TAM/sizing of the Data Center business (conservatively 20~25% CAGR, but probably 
higher), an increased OPM (to the low/mid-40% range) and C30 earnings power of >$20. 
In discussions today, I’m hearing some ppl only expecting a guide to F30 (~C29), and that 
folks seem to expect a bigger EPS number (though perhaps only a few $ more, to leave 
room for upside). 
o Harlan Sur still thinks the most important topic will be custom silicon/XPU-attach, last 
guided (at last year’s Custom AI event) at a ~$55b TAM by C28, where they hope for 
20% share; but the recently-announced GOOGL commercial partnership implies a much 
bigger number (~$120b cumulative through ~C32). Harlan models $12.5b in AI Custom 
ASIC for ~C28, but sees upside here depending on GOOGL visibility. 
o On Optical Interconnect, he thinks management will need to frame the scale-across 
opportunity, address the NPO/CPO risk and explain how Celestial’s photonic fabric 
technology will help them expand optical content. He models $13.5b for ~C28. 
o Switching and memory are sources of additional incremental upside, and the guide here, 
though smaller, could be interesting. Full note is here.  
• 
CINTHYA MIZUGUCHI (BRAZIL) – We just upgraded Brazil back to OW: With the results from 
the first round of the Brazilian elections, it is hard to ignore the impact on markets. As we wrote 
last night, we expect to see MSCI Brazil gaining 12% in the immediate short term and move to a 
gain of 20%. This upside potential is better than what any other LatAm market can offer, thus we 
upgrade Brazil back to OW (full note is here). 
o The appreciation of the BRL could pave the way for more and faster Selic cuts. Already 
the Copom September cut was ahead of our expectations back then and a November 
move is live. 
o The market re-rating on the possibility of a more fiscally friendly macro policy is material. 
According to our framework, Brazil is trading at 8.9x, which is very close to the average of 
the 2nd quartile for the past 10 years. Brazil could quickly move to the 3rd quartile (12 mo 
fwd PE of 10.9x) with risk reduction, with at least half of that being priced in the immediate 
short term. This move to the second quartile offers the best upside potential from any 
other market in LatAm at this point. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
o Over time, if there is a political entente and an embracing of a structural reform agenda, 
Brazil could move to the 4th quartile (12 mo fwd PE of 13x), as was the case in 2016. But 
for that scenario to materialize, we would need an accommodating external scenario, with 
a tame Fed and a stable DXY. 
 
• 
MANISH SINHA (DELTA-ONE / FACTORS) – Beneath the tech rally, a deeper risk is being 
priced into parts of the market.  
o Our Stagflation {Jp9STAGp Index} Factor is rising almost vertically—similar to what we 
saw in 2022—as macro conditions tighten.  
o Credit spreads have widened only modestly relative to prior episodes, while economic 
growth surprises have been rolling over since June—the same period when the Credit 
Laggard {JP9CREDL Index} began to underperform. 
o The setup is increasingly concerning: as macro conditions continue to tighten, the 
correlated moves in the dollar, rates, and credit are likely to become a headwind for high-
flying tech.  
o The recent weakness in residual volatility {JPRVPURE Index} is an early warning signal; 
historically, it tends to show up in beta {JPBPURE Index} later, with a lag. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg; JPM Delta-One 
 
US MKT INTEL VIEW – Below were published in the Oct 5 Morning Briefing 
• TACTICALLY BULLISH – We moved to a Tactically Bullish view last week, driven by a more 
constructive market setup based on improving macro fundamentals, consumer strength, 
earnings expectations, stabilizing bond yields, and supportive technicals. The most important 
development over the past week was in rates. After a rapid move higher in yields earlier in the 
week, bond yields stabilized, and we saw a sharp decline in both October rate-hike expectations 
(from 64% to 22%) which resulted in a decline in the front end of the curve (2Y moved from 
4.85% to 4.82%). The moves in yields have concentrated markets and a broadening will be 
supportive for investor sentiment, which likely requires bond yields to hold or move lower. The 
market is currently pricing roughly 1x hike in 2026 and 2x hikes in 2027. This week’s ISM-Srvcs 
and next week’s CPI / PPI are important metrics for yields; ISM-Srvcs Prices Paid sub-index is 
key given that it tends to precede moves in the CPI by 2-3 months. Barring an unexpected 
decline in inflation / inflation expectation, Tech should remain the leader. 
ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID vs. CPI [3M LAGGED] 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MKT BREADTH: %AGE OF SPX AOBVE 200DMA vs. SPX 
 
 
• UPDATED RATIONALE – We listed five key rationales for turning tactical bullish last week. 
Here is a WoW update on the views: (i) Macro Fundamentals – Macro data last week do not 
materially change the strong macro fundamental backdrop. ISM inched down from the July cycle 
high peak of 55.6 to 54.5 in September but remains elevated. Regional reports, such as Dallas 
Mfg activity, also pointed to positive signals on growth. (ii) Consumer Strength – We bullish on 
the consumer despite the weaker than expected labor data last Friday where the 3-month 
average change remains stable at ~51k; given the decline in initial claims the rise in the 
unemployment rate is not concerning and the consumer is not showing clear signs of distress. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
For reference, Feroli’s estimate of breakeven NFP is a range of 0 – 50k per month. Spending 
and labor income remain supportive of the broader economy; (iii) Earnings Expectations 
(unchanged WoW) – no incremental updates; DAL and PEP will kick off earnings season this 
week. From last week: “… after printing +52% earnings growth in 26Q2, the market sees ~29% 
for 26Q3, which may prove light, as all 11 sectors are expected to see positive revenue and 
positive EPS growth”; (iv) Bond Yields Stabilizing – The key change over the past week was 
the stabilization in yields after the earlier spike. The decline in October rate hike expectations 
and the front end of the curve should help reduce bond volatility. Lower rate volatility is typically 
supportive for Equities, especially long-duration growth; and, (v) Improving Technicals 
(unchanged WoW) – From last week: “… here we flag improving seasonality, the potential for 
heightened retail investor participation, and light positioning.” 
• MONETIZATION MENU (Unchanged from Sep 28) – We still like Tech as a core long but 
would no longer pair with an RTY short given squeeze risk from a move lower in oil / yields, 
which points to using a derivative expression to play the squeeze. Within Tech, there is likely to 
be a broadening, with Semis and Mag 7 potentially outperforming the Tech tape. Software 
seems to be slowly gaining traction but remains a non-consensus bullish play. The AI theme is 
likely to persist and we like owning the theme. Overall, we like Tech in the near-term with 
earnings likely to provide additional support. Ex-Tech, we think you need to see the yield curve 
bull steepening to see a persistent rally in Cyclicals; excluding AI-related plays, we favor Banks 
given the growth reboot, potentially steeper yield curve, and favorable capital markets outlook. 
Rate-sensitive sectors like Real Estate, Telecom, and Utilities may participate in a squeeze but 
we find those sectors most likely to lag the SPX, ex-AI plays. The biggest catalyst would be a US 
/ Iran deal, which would squeeze EU and RTY higher; plus, the COVID Reopening Theme 
(Airlines, Autos, Cruise Lines, Discretionary, Hotels, etc) is another area of interest with a 
preference to play via options.  
 
NEWS LINKS 
• 
S&P 500 Closes In on Record High as Tech Rallies (BBG) 
• 
New Hazard for Treasuries Hides in Bond Futures’ Fine Print (BBG) 
• 
Trump Plans to Ease Limits on Tax-Exempt Diesel Variety (BBG) 
• 
High Yields Force Muni Bond Borrowers to Delay Refinancing Deals (BBG) 
• 
AI researcher warns ‘we are racing to build and grow our own adversary’ in NYC hearing 
(CNBC) 
• 
Satya Nadella reinvented Microsoft once. Can he do it again in the AI era? (CNBC) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
GM says hybrid vehicles are coming: ‘We’re not tone deaf to our customers’ (CNBC) 
• 
China shuts hundreds of banks as Beijing moves to shore up its financial system (CNBC) 
• 
What will Washington do next if US bond yields keep rising? (RTRS) 
• 
Foxconn third-quarter revenue soars on AI demand, beats market forecast (RTRS) 
• 
French bond contagion fears are rattling the euro (RTRS) 
• 
BIS chief warns soaring debt, market changes could complicate future crisis response (RTRS) 
• 
The Mighty American Consumer Is Crashing Through Inflation and Driving Growth (WSJ) 
• 
Spending on AI Is Becoming Almost Impossible for Businesses to Budget (WSJ) 
• 
Trump Accounts’ Extraordinary Expansion Puts Individual Stocks Into Kids’ Holdings (WSJ) 
• 
Supreme Court Questions Oil Companies’ Bid to Shut Down Climate Lawsuits (WSJ) 
 
WEEKLY ECONOMIC DATA / EARNINGS 
US CALENDAR 
ECONOMICS 
• 
OCT 5 – PMI-Srvcs and PMI-Composite (Revision) at 9.45am ET. ISM-Srvcs (New 
Orders/Employment/Prices Paid) at 10am ET. 
• 
OCT 6 – ADP Weekly Employment Change at 8.15am ET. Trade Balance, Imports and Exports 
at 8.30am ET. 
• 
OCT 7 – Mortgage Applications at 7am ET. NY Fed 1-Yr Inflation Expectations at 11am ET. 
FOMC Meeting Minutes at 2pm ET. Consumer Credit at 3pm ET. 
• 
OCT 8 – Initial/Continuing Jobless Claims and Initial Claims 4-Wk Moving Avg at 8.30am ET. 
Wholesale Trade Sales and Wholesale Inventories (Revision) at 10am ET. 
• 
OCT 9 – U. of Mich. Sentiment/Expectations at 10am ET. 
 
EARNINGS 
• 
OCT 5 – N/A 
• 
OCT 6 – AEHR, BRUN, LW, NEOG, STZ 
• 
OCT 7 – APLD 
• 
OCT 8 – PEP 
• 
OCT 9 – DAL 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GLOBAL CALENDAR 
• 
[SUNDAY] OCT 4 – (Japan) PMIs (revision) at 8.30pm ET. 
• 
OCT 5 – (Eurozone) PMIs (revision) at 4am ET. (UK) PMIs (revision) and Official Reserves 
Changes at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) PPI at 5am ET. 
• 
OCT 6 – (Germany) Factory Orders at 2am ET. (France) IP at 2.45am ET. (UK) PMIs at 4.30am 
ET. (Eurozone) Retail Sales at 5am ET. (Japan) Labor Cash Earnings at 7.30pm ET. (China) 
Foreign Reserves at time TBD ET. 
• 
OCT 7 – (Germany) IP at 2am ET. (UK) RICS House Price Balance at 7.01pm ET. (Japan) BoP 
Current Account Balance, Trade Balance, and Japan Buying Foreign Bonds at 7.50pm ET. 
• 
OCT 8 – (China) Money Supply M2 at time TBD ET. 
• 
OCT 9 – (Japan) Machine Tool Orders at 2am ET. (Canada) Net Change in Employment and 
Unemployment Rate at 8.30am ET. 
 
NEAR TERM CATALYSTS – CPI (Oct 14, Nov 10, Dec 10), ISM-Mfg (Nov 2, Dec 1), ISM-Srvcs (Oct 5, 
Nov 4, Dec 3), PMI-Mfg and PMI-Srvcs (Oct 23, Nov 23, Dec 16), NFP (Nov 6, Dec 4), PCE (Oct 29, 
Nov 25, Dec 23), Retail Sales (Oct 15, Nov 17, Dec 16). FED DATES: Oct 28, Dec 9 
 
AI / TECH CATALYSTS 
• 
OCT 13-15 – SEMICON West, SF 
• 
OCT 20-22 – NVIDIA GTC Berlin 
• 
OCT 25-28 – Oracle AI World Tour 2026 
• 
NOV 17-20 – Microsoft Ignite, SF 
• 
NOV 30 – DEC 4 – AWS re:Invent. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
POLITICAL CATALYSTS 
• 
OCT 12-18 – IMF-World Bank Annual Meeting 
• 
OCT 25 – Brazil General Election (Runoff). 
• 
OCT 27 – Israel Legislative Election 
• 
NOV 1 – Expiration of the one-year trade truce agreement between Trump and Xi. 
• 
NOV 3 – US Mid-term Election. 
• 
NOV 18-19 – APEC Economic Leaders Meeting (Shenzhen, China). 
• 
DEC 11 – US Government Funding deadline (The Hill) 
• 
DEC 15-16 – G20 Summit in Miami 
• 
JAN 10, 2027 – US and China have agreed to extend the trade truce through January 20, 2027 
(NBC) 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Global Market Intelligence Contacts  
 
Andrew Tyler  |  Federico Manicardi |  Ellen Wang  |  Victoria Campos  
 
Data Assets & Alpha – delivering high frequency J. P. Morgan trading data and associated insights from the Market, Data and 
Positioning Intelligence teams.  Available through written product on JP Morgan Markets, conference calls & podcasts via 
platforms including Apple, Google and Spofy, and data feeds via the DataQuery application & Fusion platform.  
 
To sign up to this content or other written pieces from the Data Assets & Alpha Group, you may 
follow the steps below: 1) visit jpmm.com, select My Research => My Research Subscriptions (or use 
this link to MRS: https://markets.jpmorgan.com/#research.my_subscriptions.) 2) Navigate to “Sales 
& Trading” and subscribe to either Publication “DI, MI, PI” or to Authors. 
John Schlegel  |  Head of Data Assets & Alpha Group  |  +1-212-622-6512  |  john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
 
DA&A Website 
JPM Markets 
Conference Calls 
Podcasts 
Fusion & DataQuery 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Market Intelligence 
High frequency market insights and trade ideas leveraging macro, fundamental and political inputs 
  
Andrew Tyler | 1-212-622-8067 |  andrew.m.tyler@jpmorgan.com 
Federico Manicardi | +44-207-7427008 |  federico.manicardi@jpmorgan.com 
Ellen Wang | +1-212-270-0533 |  ellen.z.wang@jpmorgan.com 
Victoria Campos | +44-203-493-4898 |  victoria.mf.campos@jpmorgan.com 
  
Data Intelligence 
Proprietary data and signals from our industry-leading Markets business, including equity signals, retail sentiment and volatility 
marks 
  
Luca Rainero |   +44-207-1348534 |  luca.rainero@jpmorgan.com 
Edwina Lowe |   +44-207-7423138 |  edwina.lowe@jpmorgan.com 
Maria Smedoiu  |  +44-203-4935504  |  maria.smedoiu@jpmorgan.com 
Ben Broughton  |  ben.broughton@jpmorgan.com 
 
Positioning Intelligence 
Proprietary positioning and flows-based data and analysis, based on the J. P. Morgan Prime book, Retail investor and ETF flows, 
among other sources.  Data sets including positioning, flows, crowding, leverage, performance and alpha, and grouped by sector, 
industry, factor and strategy 
  
John Schlegel | +1-212-622-6512 | john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
Jigar Vakharia | +44-203-493-0275 | jigar.r.vakharia@jpmorgan.com 
Sunny Potharaju | +1-212-622-3688 | sunny.potharaju@jpmorgan.com  
Chris Lam | chris.c.lam@jpmorgan.com 
 
jpmorgan.com | Privacy Policy | Online Activity Safeguards | Cookies Policy 
J.P. Morgan Market Intelligence is a product of the Prime Finance business of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the intellectual property thereof. It is not a product of the 
Research Department and is intended for distribution to institutional and professional customers only and is not intended for retail customer use. It may not be reproduced, 
redistributed, or transmitted, in whole or in part, without J.P. Morgan’s consent. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.  
This material may include summaries and references to recently published research notes and reports by J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments. For complete details on 
the specific companies mentioned, including analyst certification, valuations, and important investment banking related disclosures, you should refer to the most recently 
published note or report, which is available through www.jpmm.com. You may also find a link to the complete disclosure information on all companies covered by J.P. 
Morgan’s Equity Research Department on the log-in page of our institutional client website, https://jpmm.com/research/disclosures. This material also may include market 
commentary prepared by the individual author on specific companies or instruments that J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments may or may not cover. Unless otherwise 
specifically stated, any views or opinions expressed herein are solely those of the individual author and may differ from the views and opinions expressed by J.P. Morgan’s 
Research Departments or other divisions of J.P. Morgan and its affiliates.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Structured securities, options, futures, and other derivatives are complex instruments, may involve a high degree of risk, and may be appropriate investments only for 
sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. Because of the importance of tax considerations to many option transactions, 
the investor considering options should consult with his/her tax advisor as to how taxes affect the outcome of contemplated option transactions. For further information on 
the risks involved with various option strategies, please consult the Options Clearing Corporations Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. The document can 
be viewed at: http://www.optionsclearing.com/publications/riskstoc.pdf.  
This material is provided for information only and is not intended as a recommendation or an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or financial 
instrument. This material is not a complete analysis of all material facts respecting any issuer, industry, or security or of your investment objectives, parameters, needs or 
financial situation, and therefore is not a sufficient basis alone on which to base an investment decision. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may have positions (long or short), 
effect transactions or make markets in securities or financial instruments mentioned herein (or options with respect thereto), or provide advice or loans to, or participate in 
the underwriting or restructuring of the obligations of, issuers mentioned herein. Moreover, a J.P. Morgan trading desk may have acted on the basis of this material. The 
information contained herein is as of the date and time referenced above and J.P. Morgan does not undertake any obligation to update such information. All market prices, 
data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
The investments discussed may fluctuate in price or value. Changes in rates of exchange may have an adverse effect on the value of investments. Transactions involving 
financial instruments mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors. J.P. Morgan has no obligation to update the Trade Idea(s). The validity period for the Trade 
Idea(s) is short term, it will last only as long as the market conditions at the time of dissemination. Any dates and times stated in the Trade Idea(s) may not be precise or 
exact and should be used for guidance only. Unless stated otherwise in the Trade Idea(s), the date and time of dissemination are the date and time the relevant Trade 
Idea(s) are communicated. J.P. Morgan may today, or in the future, do business or enter into transactions on a principal basis for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to 
which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable Trade Idea(s). J.P. Morgan employees or agents may personally hold 
investments or enter transactions for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable 
Trade Idea(s).  
Supporting documentation or any claims, comparisons, recommendations, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. J.P. Morgan is the marketing 
name for the Corporate & Investment Bank of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member of SIPC, FINRA 
and NYSE. Clients should contact their salespersons at, and execute transactions through, a J.P. Morgan entity qualified in their home jurisdiction unless governing law 
permits otherwise.  
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including 
any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax related penalties.  
Copyright © 2026 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.  
 
 
