 
Goldman Partner: "Demographics (Multiplied By 
Agentic Deployment) Are Destiny" 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, OCT 05, 2026 - 02:05 PM 
Goldman Sachs Partner, Mark Wilson’s must-read 'Weekly Mash' is still a rates note at its heart, 
but the subject takes a sharp turn halfway through. (available here in full for pro subs) 
US yields look exhausted after a quarter-end flush, softer core PCE and a Fed that has talked 
itself off an October hike. The stress he is actually watching has moved to Europe, into credit, 
and then, almost as an aside, into who now owns the AI story. 
Shifting (Rate) Sands? 
There’s no let-up in rates-led pain, but, Goldman Sachs Partner, Mark Wilson, says that a few 
things did appear to shift on the margin through this week: 
A lot is often made of month/quarter-end flows, but after the scale of the moves in recent weeks 
– the flip from Q3 to Q4 probably mattered more than usual as portfolios rebalanced and 
semi-automated flow transacted with limited price sensitivity. At the same time, the news shifted 
more favorably re US rates, as core PCE came in soft, Fed speakers struck a much more 
nuanced tone with regard the usefulness of more imminent hikes, jobs data suggested the 
‘stagflation’ noise is misplaced given ok jobs & no wage pressures (we pushed out our forecast 
for an Oct hike). As such, we’re likely all looking at the same charts – but US 10y & 30y yields 
look like yesterday may have marked some near-term exhaustion. 
However … just as relief in US rates looked possible, the more concerning specter of a 
disorderly European rates move reared its head. I say “more concerning” because, for all my 
constructive contrarianism related to European stocks, a pragmatists view would argue EU 
decision making is more complex than the US, the singular price objective of monetary policy 
leaves frustratingly limited room for  accommodation, French elections loom large next year, and 
political leadership looks less obvious today than in times of prior stress – meaning that 
vulnerability to market forces is greater in Europe than elsewhere.   

 
Our rule of thumb is equities can absorb a rates move until its a 2 std deviation move in a 
month, and we’ve basically hit that threshold this week... 
 
...but we’re also seeing the spill-over effect into adjacent areas: credit’s been under pressure for 
weeks now, last week saw HY’s largest 1-day decline in 18mths and this week we saw a good 
sized move in credit vol... 
 

 
I’m not downplaying the importance or magnitude of the recent moves in yields; but from a 
fundamental perspective they do have 2 key impacts: 
1/ governments are having to recalibrate fiscal plans and are having a degree of fiscal discipline 
now actively imposed; and 
2/ central banks have less work to do as financial conditions tighten sharply.  
And from a tactical perspective, none of this is “new news” to stock operators : global long/short 
hedge fund’s net market exposure is in the 5th %ile on a 1yr lookback, the 7th %ile on a 3yr & 
9th %ile on a 5yr lookback (and these 3 measures are 0%-2% if you look at US equity exposure 
only ….). Kamakshya & Dom wrote a more eloquent piece this week on the “paths to relief”. 
And lastly, after 2 days in Riyadh this week, 2 observations are worth making: 
1/ its easy sometimes to gloss over the real-world impact of heightened geo-political risk 
(especially when sitting in front of prices & taking our cues from markets all day) & also to forget 
how much we really don’t know (I hadn’t even heard about Netanyahu’s weekend visit to the 
UAE until arriving in Saudi) ; and  
2/ the catalyst calendar for the next few weeks into US mid-terms & Israeli elections opens up 
the possibility for a change in trajectory of the Middle-East conflict, and comes at an especially 
interesting juncture given the widely reported stats on oil flow regaining pre-March levels. 
AI & Politics 
Meta’s stock was +30% in September, so I’m breaking no news by stressing the importance of 
Muse’s launch, and the attention that Instinct and others have attracted as consumer use cases 
continue to accelerate AI adoption. 
However, I wasn’t expecting “the state” to become so consequential in the narrative around AI. 
Firstly, President Trump unwittingly catalysed a tsunami of purchase activity for Slovenia’s .si 
domain names as he attempted to wrestle the “artificial” tag away and replace with “super” … 
But more importantly, the launch of America.gov AI has the real potential to bend the arc of 
commonly perceived AI narrative. If you haven’t watched the launch videos yet, this feels more 
like Cupertino than DC, and has real significance in the debate about utility, productivity & 
application. 
Micron results were good enough to sustain the share price close to record highs, but the META 
move through September & the early Q4 new-highs in Nvidia & Nasdaq point to a broadening 
out from just  the capex beneficiaries to the facilitators of AI use too. 

 
I know the “bad breadth” meme’s too hard to resist, but the set-up now feels like narrowness is 
highly likely to be a feature (not a bug) of the next significant move higher in equities. 
Chart below shows how poor breadth already is... 
 
Betting On AI's Socio-Economic Impact 
On the road & in meetings this week I was struck by how seismic some of the current 
socio-economic change apparent around us really is. 
For close to 200 years, a good consensus of economic centrists have clung to the supposed 
truism that “demographics are destiny”. 
But thinking about the collision key macro & micro variables at play, its probably more accurate 
now to argue “demographics, multiplied by effective agentic deployment, are destiny”.... 
And against the backdrop of social unrest prevalent in Europe this week, alongside the leg 
higher in yields, and the Super-Intelligence conversations on the White House lawn, its hard to 
resist US tech over other geographies right now. Especially against the price action of the US : 

 
 
So with all that said, it appears Wilson sees the useful tension is that relief and damage are no 
longer on the same clock. 
A US rates pause can arrive, and long/short books are already near empty, without that 
becoming an equity bid. Credit vol is the tell that his two-standard-deviation threshold was not 
just a bond chart. 
Europe is the real fragility, because a single-mandate central bank and a French election year 
cannot be talked off a move the way the Fed just was. 
The AI section is the quieter narrative shift: breadth is not a warning if the next leg was always 
going to accrue to whoever facilitates use, and if the state has just stepped in as an author. 
“Demographics, multiplied by effective agentic deployment” is less a slogan than a claim that the 
old geography of growth is being repriced. 

 
 
The open question is which shock gets there first, a disorderly European rates move or the 
Middle East calendar into midterms and Israeli elections, now that oil is already back. 
Professional subscribers can read Wilson's full 'Weekly Mash' note here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
