GS Armbrust - What Matters Today We expect EPS growth of 27%
in Q3 Le Penn’s Hawkish Fiscal Package Nuclear Stocks Rallying 6
Oct 2026
Nelson Armbrust  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
6 Oct 2026
1) We expect EPS growth of 27% in Q3
The Q3 2026 earnings season will kick off during the week of October 12. The consensus estimate for Q3
growth is the highest heading into any reporting season since 2021. However, consensus estimates imply a
deceleration in Q3 from the 33% growth rate realized in Q2, even excluding the "other income" generated
from appreciating equity investment stakes last quarter. Info Tech and Energy combined are expected to
contribute nearly 80% to this quarter's earnings growth.

At the stock level, the top 10 contributing stocks are expected to account for over two-thirds of aggregate
S&P 500 earnings growth this quarter, with Micron (MU) and Nvidia (NVDA) together accounting for
more than 1/3 of index growth.
We expect most S&P 500 companies will report continued profit margin strength in Q3, but input cost
pressures likely limited substantial sequential margin expansion. Surging hyperscaler capex will once
again support EPS growth for the aggregate S&P 500 index this quarter. Consensus estimates show
hyperscaler capex growing by 116% year/year in Q3 2026. This compares with 87% growth in Q2. We
expect that hyperscaler capex spending will grow by more than 50% in 2027, surpassing current consensus
estimates for spending of roughly $1.1 trillion next year. Continued signs of AI capex monetization will be
important both for the performance of the hyperscalers and for the outlook for capex growth.

2) Le Penn’s Hawkish Fiscal Package
First glimpses of Le Pen's counter-proposals pointing toward sharp deficit reduction (she plans to close the
deficit cap to 3.7% of economic output in 2027 and to 2.2% by 2032, mostly driven via spending cuts) are
driving OAT-Bund spreads ~10bps lower this morning, a rally also supported by lower oil prices. Equities
are responding in kind, with French Domestic (GSXEFRDO Index) & French Banks (GSXEFRBK Index)
up ~2std as they bounce from depressed levels (RSI < 30, PE < 1Y 10th percentile).
But we remain cautious, awaiting more concrete details from the far-right's budget in the coming weeks.
We think risk asymmetry could turn negative again as we expect lingering budget discussions and further
election noise to limit the government's ability to convince the market of tangible fiscal consolidation.
Also, key to understand what kind of influence Marine would have if elected, which today seems she
would have less than desired to implement such fiscal adjustment.
My personal take: great proposal, unclear if it goes through if she is elected, French assets are oversold,
seeing some relief today. I thought the relief would be larger which could create an opportunity to
reengage on the sell side, but I am not sure today’s move is enough. So this for now its wait and see mode,
but I have a bearish bias as I find it hard to implement such a fiscal package.
3) Nuclear Stocks Rallying
We have now had three positive headlines for this space in the last week:
• U.S.-Korea strategic investment includes $120bn for nuclear reactors – a positive sign in ongoing
nuclear buildout progress
• US TO OFFER $4 BILLION LOAN FOR VISTRA TO BOOST NUCLEAR OUTPUT
• Alphabet has agreed to a 20-year deal to buy nuclear power from Constellation Energy. The agreement is
for 890 megawatts of new power coming online, with Constellation spending more than $4.3 billion on the
build out.

Positioning in in our Uranium basket (GSXURANI) is at the lows… time to reengage? (TY Cullen
Morgan)
On another topic and also bullish for our US Power Up basket (GSENEPOW Index), important catalyst
next week. Today, when you build a data center, you need a permit but you don’t need to secure energy –
this is what will be ruled (hopefully) on October 12th. PJM's proposed Interim Resource Adequacy
Service (IRAS) targets new large loads (≥ 50 MW) entering service after June 1, 2027. To avoid priority
grid curtailment during emergencies, data centers must secure their own power under the "Bring Your
Own New Capacity" (BYONC) framework.
This policy serves as a major catalyst for wind, solar, and storage PPAs. Additionally, excluding unbacked
loads from capacity planning starting in the 2029/2030 delivery year aims to lower capacity prices and
stabilize asset valuations. P/E is at 1y lows, RSI at 50 and price performance has been lackluster (graphs
below)… I think its a buy.

Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 6 Oct 2026.
