GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 6 Oct 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets
6 Oct 2026
Stat of the day
In September, breadth was unusually poor, with fewer than 25% of S&P 500 constituents outperforming
the index and the median stock ending 17% below its all-time high. Sentiment remained cautious, with the
GS U.S. Sentiment Indicator registering five consecutive negative weekly readings
Chart of the day
SPX continues to show resilience to the rate moves
Macro GS Research
1. How Will Higher Rates Affect the Economy? - Interest rates have risen sharply this year, and the latest
increase in long-term rates has tightened financial conditions noticeably, raising the question of how much
this will weigh on activity. Our analysis reflects our baseline forecast for one more Fed hike in December
followed by three cuts starting in 2027H2, with 10-year yields easing to 4.4% by end-2027. We expect
higher rates to subtract about 2pp from annualized residential investment growth in 2026Q4 and 1pp on
average in 2027, though the drag would be roughly twice as large if rates stayed at current levels. On net,
we estimate that higher rates will slow consumer spending growth by about 0.2pp in 2027.
Actionable GS Research Overnight

1. SpaceX Q3 Preview - Ahead of its Q3 2026 earnings report, we take the opportunity to refresh and raise
our AI segment forecasts (across capacity, revenue & margins) on the back of company deal activity,
recent public statements and progress with key enterprise use cases and model developments. With the
company continuing to execute at a high level, we also look to frame potential compute monetization
scenarios across FY26-28 and believe that AI segment estimates still look relatively conservative (relative
to Street estimates) over the next 6-18 months absent a correction across the broader AI operating
landscape. In addition, for the Space segment - we address recent news flow and reflect on how it might
impact the company’s long-term opportunities as launch cadence and re-usability continue to scale in the
coming years.
2. Netflix Q3 Preview - Ahead of its Q3 2026 earnings report, we frame what we see as key investor
debates & analyze current industry data on user growth and engagement & the content slate. Since its last
earnings report on 7/16, shares are down (10)% (vs. the S&P 500 +3%) reflecting increasing investor
scrutiny around NFLX's engagement metrics (of which now the company provides fewer, and 3rd party
data has been quite mixed this summer into fall). Based on intra-quarter investor conversations, we see
this continued share price underperformance as an output of two themes: 1) platform trends (as discussed
herein) remain on both a 1st and 2nd derivative basis as an anchor for a negative narrative that the
company has lost relative mind share of media consumption habits (more notably in the US); & 2) that the
application of additional capital (from current street estimates) either in the form of an IP drive acquisition
and/or a materially higher level of cash content spend in 2027 and beyond is needed for the business to
create competitive differentiation (and with it solve for investor debate #1 as well).
3. Regional Banks Q3 Preview - We are upbeat on the regional banks headed into 3Q26 EPS as the stocks
are coming in on the lows (down ~12% since last reporting and 11% since 8/1, UP market by >1,000bps
over those timeframes) given a handful of macro and micro concerns that are weighing on the stocks.
While there are a handful of issues, including 1) the impact on the economy from rate hikes (1 in
September, marketing pricing in ~3 more hikes by mid-2027) and higher LT rates (~5.20% today; peak of
~5.3% and up ~70bps QoQ), 2) deposit competition in a higher rate environment and 3) what agentic AI
could mean for profitability over time (deposit costs, loan pricing etc.), we expect earnings to be solid with
continued loan growth, deposit costs rising at a lower level than is being priced into the stocks and 4Q
outlooks to be relatively upbeat as banks benefit from lagged deposit re-pricing, loan growth remains solid
and capital markets support higher fees. So while the stocks are now on the lows and trading at <10x
2027E, we think many of these risks will prove to be less impactful in the near-term and could drive a
relief rally in the group.
Market Update
Stocks broadly higher today though activity remains muted (TMT volumes were down 10-20% vs 10d
averages ). Brazil remained topical post-election results (Flávio Bolsonaro 47.0%, Lula 45.2%,
substantially better for the market than expected) with EWZ trading up +13% (macro shorts likely getting
squeezed, our desk saw broad HF demand vs LO supply in high beta pockets). ‘Merger Monday’ was back
with two announced transactions this AM: 1) Schneider Electric announced it will Acquire PTX for

$22.6bn; 2) C.H Robinson announced a deal to acquire RXO for $5.8bn ... followed by post-mkt FT
headline ‘McKesson and CD&R near $5bn-plus deal to buy infusion services provider’. OPCH +20% AH.
Our floor was a 4 on a 1-10 scale in terms of overall activity levels with overall flow skews benign with
LOs finishing slight net sellers driven by macro products while HFs finished slight net buyers driven by
tech.
We are NOT seeing real signs of chasing, but reminder that US L/S net leverage is currently at its lowest
level since Apr ’25 (around “Liberation Day”) and approaching five-year lows in the 2nd percentile. A
continued index move higher is going to force investors to buy this tape.
CALENDAR
13:30 UKT Trade balance, August (GS -$100.0bn, consensus -$102.0bn, last -$88.6bn)
Earnings — pre-market RPM; post-market STZ
US Conferences
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York — 2-3 Dec — Industrials
GS Financial Services Conference, New York — 8-9 Dec — Financials
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 6 Oct 2026.
