GS Novak - GS U.S. Industrials & Materials rates multis into Q3
autos & indu tech 6 Oct 2026
Ryan Novak  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  US Industrials & Materials Sector Specialist
6 Oct 2026
Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities
GS SECTOR SPECIALISTS: U.S. Industrials & Materials
All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Good morning – welcome to the unofficial start to industrials and materials earnings. RPM kicks us off
shortly – with heavy volume and a sharp sell off into the close yesterday garnering eyeballs and debates.
US S&P futures up 25bps early on this morning led by more cyclical pars of the market in the early pre-
market session. AI/data center related names also seeing a bid pre-market with Google nearing a deal for
nuclear energy from Constellation. Markets mixed around the globe. Brazil saw a sharp move higher
yesterday with BOV up almost 800bps on the back of the election swings. Japan continues to lead across
Asia up 105bps. Europe strong with France and Germany leading up 70-80bps. Germany factory orders a
large miss down almost 11% vs. consensus down closer to 1% and construction PMIs in the region notably
weak as well. In commodities crude lower to start down 200bps WTI now below $88 and Brent below
$99. Corn approaching a big psychological level of $5. European gas a notable exception up 4% to $77 as
we head into cooler weather. 10-year off yesterday’s highs 5.28%, dollar remains strong DXY $102 and
Bitcoin flattish $86k. We’ll get August trade balance today along with several Fed speakers including
Williams, Musalem, Bowman, Schmid and Logan. Will host a very timely dinner with our transports
banker tonight in NY – please let me know if you would like to follow up. Will do some investor meetings
on autos and industrial tech today after GIR preview came out - let me know if you want feedback in
either area.
Privo on risk: AI remains the cleanest part of the setup: inference demand looks more durable than people
appreciate, hyperscalers are obvious beneficiaries and we are objectively still short compute… B200/H200
pricing tells you that in real time....still constructive, especially as the median fundamental participant is
worried about rates, oil, sov risk and mid terms. Wall of worry is real. Rates remain complicated but are
calming at least in the front. Energy has at least stopped impulsing higher. Think upside asymmetry for the
rest of the low breadth market into numbers… high rates are problematic for the consumer, yet nominal
growth remains strong enough that EPS can still surprise positively. The risk is macro looks bad but micro
still strong and suddenly the rally broadens.
On the micro relatively calm before the storm. LEN out that an additional 2.4mm shares purchased by
Berkshire though the stock was very weak yesterday. LCID with deliveries of 3.806 and production of
2,954 in Q3. Focused on planned inventory reduction, converting existing vehicle inventory into customer
deliveries as part of the previously announced reset targeting $1.4bn of cash improvements in 2026. TRN

comments on antidumping and countervailing duty petition filed against railway tank car imports from
Mexico – GIR has a rundown.
Desk view: Multis set up in Q3 is at trick one and reminiscent of how we see broader Q3 shaping up.
Remember in Q1 and Q2 for large parts of the group we saw a large acceleration in year over year growth
rates in orders with a notable step up in Q2. Given the macro in Q3 (Middle East escalation, high oil,
escalating rates) we expect orders could slow generally on a year over year basis. That set against organic
growth that should accelerate, topline that should beat consensus but then corporates facing rising inflation
that could pinch margins. The price/cost dynamic highlighted unanimously during conference season – all
leading to in line-ish earnings growth. Does that get bought or sold is the big question. There will be
nuances for sure but that feels like the set up. Well owned names: JCI AME NVT ITT INIO across the
group. Underowned names include VRT LII CARR WSO OTIS IR. Debated include EMR MMM RRX
LECO TT. Reach out for set ups in any names you are interested in. Tactically the desk likes ETN with
end markets a bit of everything including data center, CFO that is slowly turning the tide on setting
expectations and beating them, stock that has lagged key peers until recently and positioning that feels
light (long term money has come out over the last few years and from our conversations the tactical
investment community is mixed).
Pre-Market Movers:
Bloomberg as of 10/6/26. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Quite a bit of attention on this chart yesterday:

Bloomberg as of 10/5/26. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
From GIR – Mark Delaney out with a preview: We remain more positive on the fundamental backdrop for
our Industrial Tech coverage than for Autos. We expect a good fundamental environment in Industrial
Tech driven by both growing datacenter capex and strength in the broader industrial market (both a
cyclical recovery in core industrials, as well as pockets of secular growth including in energy and
robotics). However, we expect there to be a high bar for the stocks to trade higher, similar to 2Q reports.
For Autos, we continue to expect a muted cyclical backdrop, and we remain more selective with the
stocks.
Heading into 3Q26 earnings the median stock in our Autos & Industrial Tech coverage is down 5% since
reporting 2Q26 results and down 4% YTD (with Auto exposed stocks down 5% since earnings and down
6% YTD, but Industrial Tech stocks up 9% at the median since reporting 2Q results and up 30% YTD at
the median).
Autos: We expect results and guidance from traditional auto tier 1 suppliers to be in line to below
consensus. While we think global light vehicle production (LVP) is generally tracking in line with the low-
single-digit yoy decline assumption that most suppliers used, we think soft China domestic retail sales
(which are down 21% YTD) and the share gain of Chinese OEMs internationally (with exports from China

up 73% YTD) will lead to a more difficult demand environment for some suppliers (e.g. if their key
customers lose share). In addition, we think rising input costs including memory could be a headwind for
margins that the industry will need to work to mitigate. We are lowering estimates and/or price targets for
a number of tier 1 suppliers to better reflect these dynamics, including APTV, VC, BWA, VGNT, LEA,
and GNTX.
Industrial tech: For our Industrial Tech coverage, we expect a somewhat similar dynamic as 2Q, which
was characterized by mostly strong results and guidance but also a high bar for stocks to trade higher. We
expect fundamentals to again benefit from strong datacenter capex and a solid core industrial cycle
(including momentum in areas like energy and robotics) but also a likely high bar to meet driven by
investor concerns on the sustainability of demand. We are particularly positive on APH and KEYS given
what we think is their ability to benefit from not only growing datacenter capex but also strength in other
businesses (e.g. A&D, industrial), plus attractive margins/FCF. We are also positive on FLEX, which in
addition to what we believe is a good fundamental outlook should also benefit from SOTP valuation
support, although the 3QCY26 report may leave some key details on the longer-term outlook for the
November investor event. Among SMID cap companies in this part of our coverage, we are constructive
on ST and BDC (although we expect more in line results and guidance this quarter from these two given
that both have still small datacenter exposure). We are raising estimates and price targets for APH, KEYS,
and TEL to better reflect datacenter capex growth.
let us know how we can help
Upcoming GS Events:
10/13/26 Webinar with Aterio on AI Infrastructure
10/30/26 TXT earnings call back zoom with CFO & IR
11/2/26 GEV IR in NY
11/5/26 DCO earnings call back zoom with CFO
11/9/26 ORLY CFO & IR virtual group meeting at 2pm
11/12/26 MOS CFO, EVP of Commercial & IR in NY
11/12/26 WHR CFO & IR product demo in Chicago
11/17/26 SuperCompute with CARR DOV ETN ECL FLEX NVT VRT
12/1/26 17th Annual Aircraft Leasing Conference
12/2/26-12/3/26 GS Industrials and Materials Conference
Weekly Calendar:
Monday 10/5/26:
Macro: ISM Services

Tuesday 10/6/26:
Macro: ADP, Imports/Exports
Micro: EPS pre-market: APOG RPM
Wednesday 10/7/26:
Macro: Mortgage Apps, NY Fed 1 Year Inflation Expectations, FOMC Minutes, Consumer Credit
Thursday 10/8/26:
Macro: Claims, Wholesale Inventories
Friday 10/9/26:
Macro: University of Michigan Sentiment / Inflation Expectations
Micro: EPS pre-market: DAL
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 6 Oct 2026.
