GS Johnstone - GS TMT SPEC SALES Informa deal; TSMC GIR
raising capex again; SPA preview; DT CMD; TEF questions; BT
debate 6 Oct 2026
Sean Johnstone  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  TMT Specialist Sales, FICC & Equities
6 Oct 2026
GS TMT SPEC SALES – Tuesday 6th October
Main moves overnight: US equities moved higher on light volumes, with the Nasdaq 100 reaching a
record close and the S&P 500 ending within 0.5% of its peak. Software led, supported by Schneider’s
$22.6bn PTC deal and strength in e-commerce and cybersecurity, while semis lagged despite gains in
Nvidia and Broadcom; HDD names rebounded, but neocloud stocks and Intel fell. This morning TSMC
preview from GIR raising price target and 2027E/2028E CapEx forecasts to US$85bn/US$98bn (vs.
US$78bn/US$82bn previously).SAP preview from Mo who make no changes to his organic CCB
assumptions, continuing to expect c.23% organic CCB growth ex-FX for 3Q26, with a modest
deceleration through the remainder of the year and an exit rate of 22% in 4Q, consistent with company
guidance, and FY26 cloud revenue growth of c.24% ex-fx in line with guidance.
Interesting downgrade away on BESI on competition in HB from ASML – this follows debates
Semianalysis saying ASML is launching a hybrid bonding tool and it's going to be D2W "rather than
W2W first. So not a total surprise but will likely cause debate on BESI today
Informa is acquiring Clarion, a faster-growing B2B exhibitions and live-events operator, from Blackstone
for £2.24bn. The price equates to 11.1x expected 2027 EBITDA, falling to c.9x including cost synergies
and c.8x including cost and revenue synergies. The deal will be funded through acquisition financing and a
c.£940m equity raise, with the buyback paused, and is expected to close in Q4 2026, add mid-single-digit
EPS in 2027 and keep leverage below 3x at end-2026 and 2.5x at end-2027. Separately, Informa plans to
separate Taylor & Francis, its slower-growing academic publishing business, which is growing at c.4%,
versus expected growth of more than 7% for the combined B2B Live Events division. Overall, the deal
looks sensible: Informa is buying a faster-growing asset that could ultimately be funded largely through
the sale of a slower-growing business in Taylor & Francis.
Bulls see two reasons for a higher standalone Events multiple: greater scale, geographic and vertical
diversification—particularly increased US exposure and lower macro sensitivity—and the removal of the
AI overhang associated with Taylor & Francis.
TEF and Spanish election – getting a few questions on the implications of the election as a change in the
government could materially alter the state’s relationship with the company (same applies to INDRA),
including leading to a potential gradual sale of SEPI’s 10% stake (the PP were very critical of SEPI taking
the 10% stake) and greater reliance on existing foreign-investment safeguards rather than direct ownership

(the PP's intended policy is to divest the state's holding) It could also create uncertainty around board and
management. (Expansion)
DT AI CMD: Management presented AI primarily as a cost and productivity opportunity, targeting €1.1bn
of gross savings by 2027 and €2.5bn by 2030, alongside more than €1bn of AI-enabled revenue, led by
B2B and sovereign AI. However the final Q&A session in particular showed how sceptical analysts
remained that these benefits and whether they will translate into incremental earnings, as DT did not raise
guidance or commit to additional margin expansion (saying its too early), citing token costs, wage
inflation, scaling investment and reinvestment in German fibre. Management also argued that core telco
capex should not structurally increase, with larger AI infrastructure projects potentially partnered. Overall,
near-term cost efficiencies look credible, but revenue monetisation, 6G upside and sustained EBITDA
acceleration remain longer-term optionality that investors will need to see evidenced in post-2027
guidance and not get competed away. See GIR take
Note DT will not block Instinct or Muse etc and think DT can feed the Agent and will need to ensure
Agent understands its network quality and what it brings with value added services that are not
advertised…
AI CORNER
• Alphabet nears $1bn+ nuclear offtake with Constellation. Bloomberg. Hyperscalers are increasingly
securing long-term nuclear power to meet rising data-centre energy demand: last week Amazon recently
signed a 20-year deal for 690MW from the Calvert Cliffs plant, and Microsoft has partnered with
Constellation to restart Three Mile Island Unit 1. (Bloomberg)
• DeepSeek: close to securing at least $12bn in its latest round of funding ahead of a landmark initial
public offering in early 2027; Contemporary Amperex and Tencent have committed among the largest
amounts.
• Moonshot AI has completed a private funding round at a valuation of about $50bn and is preparing for a
potential Hong Kong IPO in 1Q27 that could raise up to $5bn. ARR is expected to reach $2bn by
December, up from $1bn currently.
• TikTok: launching an AI shopping assistant and a new in-app checkout feature that lets users buy directly
from brands.
• Meta and Microsoft are actively cutting back their internal usage of Anthropic's Claude AI to curb
operating costs and transition staff toward their own in-house AI infrastructure. According to a report by
The Information, both are weaning their workforces off third-party AI licenses as they aggressively scale
up their proprietary coding assistants and language models. (The Information)
• OpenAI launches visual ads that appear alongside image generation results (The Verge) OpenAI in $30
Billion Round Talks With UAE Funds, BlackRock. Bloomberg
• Norway plans a temporary ban on AI glasses in selected public places amid concerns that people could
be recorded without their knowledge.

We are hosting short Zoom calls with our Specialist Sales to hear their thoughts ahead of earnings – all
@1pm UKT between 5th to 13th October. Financials is up today and I am doing next Monday 12th
October, 1pm UKT.
FINTECH Conference: in London Oct 6th some interesting companies Revolut head of Machine
learnings, and Airwallex, Monzo, SumUp, Taktile, Auxmoney among others.
AI and Semi Symposium on 25th November in London (virtual day 24th November); Minister for
Artificial Intelligence (UK Government); several unicorns (Lightmatter, Proxima Fusion, Quantware,
Kraken, Blitzy, Fundamental Technologies and Aaru); Robotics AI (Simbe Robotics and Circus AI); public
companies (ASML, Nebius, AT&S, Technoprobe, Besi, Infineon, STMicro, Logitech, Nokia, Ericsson,
Aixtron, IQE, SUSS, PVA TePla, Siltronic); AI Cybersecurity (Xbow, Vega and Cognifence).AWAY
FROM GS:
TECH
• TSMC 3Q preview: GIR estimate 4Q26E growing 11.0% QoQ, while N2 ramp dilution slightly trims
quarterly gross margins to 67.5% and 67.3%respectively in 3Q and 4Q26, still better than concern.
Annually, revenue is forecast to surge 42% YoY in 2026E and 36.9% YoY in 2027E, supporting full-year
GM of 67.2% and 67.5%. To enable this expansion, the 2026E CapEx is held at US$64bn, while the
2027E and 2028E CapEx forecasts are raised to US$85bn and US$98bn due to equipment inflation and
initial Texas expansion costs. This capital deployment will scale monthly capacity by end-2027E to
200kwpm for N3 and 140kwpm for N2, further accelerating by end-2028E to 220kwpm for N3 and
200kwpm for N2. Our latest EPS forecast for 2026/2027/2028 is 110/150/195. Other key areas in focus for
the upcoming analyst meeting include 1) long-term AI growth outlook: we expect updated comments on
the key assumptions underpinning its AI growth and the factors that could materially change this outlook,
2) longer-term capex outlook and US expansion: we would look for further direction on its longer-term
capex trajectory and potential updated comments on whether customer demand could lead to further
expansion in the US, and the potential timing and scale of such investments, and 3) competition and
technology leadership: we would look for management’s perspective on the evolving competitive
landscape, including Intel, Samsung and Terafab, and the implications for TSMC’s longer-term
positioning. >> sales feedback: TSMC now only traded 17-18x based on our FY27 EPS forecast 150, at
very reasonable valuation and big room for share price to catch up other AI plays traded all above 20x?
• SAP preview: Ahead of 3Q26 results on 21 October, Mo expect continued cloud backlog growth,
supported by strong S/4HANA momentum and a broadly stable macro backdrop. FY26 guidance appears
largely de-risked despite large-deal variability, with 4Q backlog growth expected to exit at 22% YoY ex-
FX. With 60% of customers still to migrate, SAP has significant medium-term growth potential from
migrations, cross-selling and AI, although higher opex and acquisitions may weigh on near-term profit;
key focus will be evidence of AI adoption and monetisation following the launch of Joule Work and the
Autonomous Enterprise Suite, building on encouraging feedback at the Communacopia + Technology
Conference 2026. For Q3 GIR make no changes to their organic CCB assumptions, continuing to expect
c.23% organic CCB growth ex-FX for 3Q26, with a modest deceleration through the remainder of the year

and an exit rate of 22% in 4Q, consistent with company guidance, and FY26 cloud revenue growth of
c.24% ex-fx in line with guidance.
• SpaceX Q3 Preview - Ahead of its Q3 2026 earnings report, we take the opportunity to refresh and raise
our AI segment forecasts (across capacity, revenue & margins) on the back of company deal activity,
recent public statements and progress with key enterprise use cases and model developments. With the
company continuing to execute at a high level, we also look to frame potential compute monetization
scenarios across FY26-28 and believe that AI segment estimates still look relatively conservative (relative
to Street estimates) over the next 6-18 months absent a correction across the broader AI operating
landscape. In addition, for the Space segment - we address recent news flow and reflect on how it might
impact the company’s long-term opportunities as launch cadence and re-usability continue to scale in the
coming years.
• SEC(005930): Set to increase next year's supply price for HBM4 more than three times the price of
HBM3E. Separately, Samsung Foundry has reportedly begun the mass production of the Exynos 2700, the
application processor for its Galaxy S27 smartphone series. Production volume is understood to be 10%
higher than that of its predecessor.
• AMD CEO’s Seoul Visit: Lisa Su, the Chair and CEO of AMD, is visiting S. Korea to expand AMD’s AI
partnerships, marking her second trip in seven months. During her visit, which includes attending AMD's
"Gamer Day" event and, she is expected to build on previous collaborations established in March with
major Korean companies like SECand Naver, as well as follow up on a July MOU with the Ministry of
Science and ICT. As AMD seeks to challenge Nvidia's dominance in the AI hardware market, these
discussions will focus on fostering an open AI ecosystem, integrating AMD's CPUs and GPUs with
Korean NPUs, and securing crucial memory supply chains from SEC and SK Hynix.
• Hon Hai (2317): Reportedly released September sales exceeding TWD$1tr, a first for a company in
Taiwan, driven by AI and iPhone momentum, and institutions expecting the strength to continue; this also
brings Q3 sales to 107% of the consensus estimate. (ED; BBG)
Exhibit 4. AI Components Supply Demand Status

TELCOS
• BT/TalkTalk: Lots of press on yesterday deal that saw BT acquire TalkTalk’s consumer and wholesale
businesses out of administration in a debt-free rescue, protecting services for 1.5 million customers but
leaving creditors owed nearly £1.5bn facing heavy losses, although Ares is expected to recover more than
£100m. The UK government has fast-tracked a competition and public-interest review because of the risk
to critical services, with the CMA due to report by 19 October, while VMO2 has criticised the £400m deal
as favouring BT and entrenching its market position, particularly given the tougher scrutiny of nexfibre’s
proposed Netomnia acquisition. (FT; Telecom Paper; Expansion)
MEDIA & INTERNET
• Netflix Q3 Preview - Ahead of its Q3 2026 earnings report, we frame what we see as key investor
debates & analyze current industry data on user growth and engagement & the content slate. Since its last
earnings report on 7/16, shares are down (10)% (vs. the S&P 500 +3%) reflecting increasing investor

scrutiny around NFLX's engagement metrics (of which now the company provides fewer, and 3rd party
data has been quite mixed this summer into fall). Based on intra-quarter investor conversations, we see
this continued share price underperformance as an output of two themes: 1) platform trends (as discussed
herein) remain on both a 1st and 2nd derivative basis as an anchor for a negative narrative that the
company has lost relative mind share of media consumption habits (more notably in the US); & 2) that the
application of additional capital (from current street estimates) either in the form of an IP drive acquisition
and/or a materially higher level of cash content spend in 2027 and beyond is needed for the business to
create competitive differentiation (and with it solve for investor debate #1 as well).
MACRO AND TRADING
• US TRADING:. Stocks broadly higher in the US yesterday though activity remains muted (TMT
volumes were down 10-20% vs 10d averages ). Brazil remained topical post-election results (Flávio
Bolsonaro 47.0%, Lula 45.2%, substantially better for the market than expected) with EWZ trading up
+13% (macro shorts likely getting squeezed, our desk saw broad HF demand vs LO supply in high beta
pockets). ‘Merger Monday’ was back with two announced transactions this AM: 1) Schneider Electric
announced it will Acquire PTX for $22.6bn; 2) C.H Robinson announced a deal to acquire RXO for
$5.8bn ... followed by post-mkt FT headline ‘McKesson and CD&R near $5bn-plus deal to buy infusion
services provider’. OPCH +20% AH. Our floor was a 4 on a 1-10 scale in terms of overall activity levels
with overall flow skews benign with LOs finishing slight net sellers driven by macro products while HFs
finished slight net buyers driven by tech. We are NOT seeing real signs of chasing, but reminder that US
L/S net leverage is currently at its lowest level since Apr ’25 (around “Liberation Day”) and approaching
five-year lows in the 2nd percentile. A continued index move higher is going to force investors to buy this
tape.
DERIVS: All eyes were on Brazil today as early flows were dominated by a chase for upside, mainly in
EWZ short dated calls, alongside monetization of existing positions. In the US space, all indices closed
further in the green with a spot up vol up chase across the board. Skew was crushed, especially in short
dated S&P. From here, the vol desk still sees room for further upside, and we continue to like owning
QQQ optionality heading into earnings. Flowswise, we saw some bigger vol sellers out of the gates as well
as a large VIX downside trade in the market
TMT EVENTS • EMEA FinTech Conference — 6 Oct — London — Conference
• Spanish Telco Field Trip [CLNX MC, DIGIS, ORAN PA, TEF MC, ZEG LN] — 6 Oct — Madrid,
Spain — Field Trip
• Disruptive Technology Symposium — 21 Oct — Paris — Conference
• Elisa OYJ [ELISA HE] — 28 Oct (Frankfurt), 29 Oct (London) — CEO, CFO, IR
• European AI & Semis Symposium — 24-25 Nov — London — Conference — Save the Date
• Pearson [PSON L] — 25 Nov — Edinburgh — IR — New
• Disruptive Technology Symposium — 21 Oct — Paris — Technology — Save the Date

• European AI & Semis Symposium — 24-25 Nov — London — Conference — Save the Date
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 6 Oct 2026.
