 
 
 
 
OCTOBER 6, 2026 
 
IDEAS & INSIGHTS – IN BRIEF 
• 
DESK COMMENTARY – Trading desk views on AI/Tech, Financials, ETFs, and Consumer. JPM 
ETD Trader Jonathan Rogerson sees risk-on demand in thematic ETFs and AI pure plays; 
Financial specialist Rob O'Dwyer sees a healthier Financials setup and potential broadening. 
• 
US MKT INTEL VIEW – We return to our Tactically Bullish view and update the Monetization 
Menu. 
• 
INTEL INSIGHTS CONF CALL – Sales & Trading Views on Macro, Midterms, and Earnings 
Season Setup. Speakers include Mischa Aikman (Head, North American Institutional 
Commodity Sales), Luca Rainero (Head, Data Intel), John Schlegel (Head, Data Assets & 
Alpha Group / Positioning Intel), and Andrew Tyler (Head, Market Intel). Webinar is Oct 8 at 
10am ET with replay available. Please register here. 
 
AFTERNOON UPDATES (NEWS LINKS) 
• 
SPX +0.6%, NDX +0.5%, RTY -0.6%. WTI +53bps to $89.90, NatGas +166bps to $3.12, UK 
NatGas +353bps to £1.9007, Gold +61bps to $4,165, Silver +44bps to $61.34, 10Y @ 5.279%, 
VIX @ 15.01. 
• 
US: Stocks closed mixed; SPX finished near a record high, while RTY fell 72bp. Market breadth 
was balanced, with 67% of SPX stocks finishing higher on the day. Yields were lower globally: 2y 
and 10y UST were 2bp and 3bp lower, respectively, partially impacted by lower European bond 
yields and a downtrend in oil. AI baskets and tech were the outperformers given MRVL’s bullish 
guidance; the stock was up 6% today. In addition, we saw a broad recovery in reopening/rate-
linked baskets: Airlines, Housing, and Retail all outperformed. 
• 
EU/UK: Major markets closed higher, led by Italy, but off the best levels. Thematically, 
Ceasefire, French Domestics, UK homebuilders, and Luxury were among the top-performing 
baskets. The decline in European bond yields was the main driver: notably, France 2y and 10y 
bonds were 10bp and 11bp lower, amid supportive remarks from Le Pen promising €140 billion 
($157 billion) in cost savings by 2032 if she wins the French presidential election and urging the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
ECB to ease the burden on rates, as well as weaker-than-expected IP data and a further decline 
in Brent crude prices earlier this morning. UKX +0.4%, SX5E +0.5%, SXXP +0.5%, DAX +0.8%. 
 
CATALYSTS TOMORROW (FULL WEEK CALENDAR) 
• 
US MACRO DATA TOMORROW: Mortgage Applications at 7am ET. NY Fed 1-Yr Inflation 
Expectations at 11am ET. FOMC Meeting Minutes at 2pm ET. Consumer Credit at 3pm ET. 
• 
US EARNINGS TOMORROW: APLD 
• 
GLOBAL MACRO DATA TOMORROW: (Germany) IP at 2am ET. (UK) RICS House Price 
Balance at 7.01pm ET. (Japan) BoP Current Account Balance, Trade Balance, and Japan 
Buying Foreign Bonds at 7.50pm ET. 
 
JPM MARKET INTEL EQUITY & MACRO NARRATIVE 
 
TODAY 
• 
ENERGY PRICES TODAY – We saw some weakness in the oil market earlier today before 
reversing to finish the day 50-70bp higher. The morning weakness was more driven by 
catalysts/headlines, given (i) rebounding oil exports through Hormuz amid a major US military 
commitment and (ii) the Yemeni government seizing a strategic strait from the Houthis (RTRS). 
However, we saw a decent rebound in oil prices in the afternoon session, with Brent finishing the 
day at $100.63 (+61bp). There was no clear driver behind the afternoon rebound, with headlines 
mostly pointing at the sustainability of current oil prices. 
• 
COMMODITY POSITIONING – From Otar’s (here) recent note: “The estimated value of open 
interest across tracked commodity markets decreased by 4% WoW (-$80 billion) to $1.9 trillion 
as of Oct 2. The decline was mostly concentrated in energy markets (-$35 billion WoW) with the 
sector seeing $32 billion of net contract-based outflows amidst end of month contract expiries. 
This was further compounded by a $34 billion decline across metals markets, driven by net 
contract-based outflows and contract expiries (-$15 billion WoW, primarily from precious), but 
also by price weakness in both precious and metals sectors.” Moreover, for the futures market, 
the team sees that “net investor positioning aggregated across global commodity futures markets 
decreased by 11% WoW (-$28 billion WoW) to $238 billion as of the latest data available.” 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TRADING DESK COMMENTARY 
• 
JONATHAN ROGERSON (ETFs) – Risk-on pervades our space, with a focus on thematic plays. 
Some situations we are seeing are:  
o 1) Buyers of Cybersecurity plays (CIBR)—an advisor yesterday was allocating to this one 
in blocks; we facilitated this here, as well as demand for Global MegaCap (IOO—iShares 
top 100, full of your favorite household names).  
o 2) Appetite for AI pure plays continues unabated—we have been creating AIS (a Global 
AI Supercycle ETF) to satisfy heavy real-money demand across multiple accounts; this 
feels like the logical extension of the semiconductor-heavy trade that dominated H1 ’26. 
In model portfolios, there is an issuer model rebalancing today—the equities portion of the 
trade is focused on upweighting a defensive call-overwriting income strategy (BALI is the 
name; expect multiple blocks to print here today).  
o International has been relatively quiet, with China out for Golden Week; what flow we 
have seen internationally recently has focused on supply in Japan (EWJ, FLJP), led by 
real-money accounts. 
• 
ROB O'DWYER (FINANCIALS) – The tape feels constructive, with Financials acting more like a 
catch-up/broadening trade here. The bank setup looks healthier into earnings; large-cap banks 
remain oversold, with MS preferred and interest in GS picking up below $900. Some work in the 
daily on trading revenue growth, given it comes up on every call these days—in my opinion, it 
looks more durable at best-in-class firms, but aggregate growth may decelerate as comps 
toughen. The key watch is whether beats come from financing/client activity versus macro/FICC 
event volatility. Payments may be bottoming; SHOP stands out as a high-quality AI/agentic 
commerce beneficiary, with upside tied to Catalog, Shop Pay, and sustained high-20s growth.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
o Some pushback on the comment in my note that research is an important part of the 
trading revenue algorithm in a world of AI. Not just sticking up for my colleagues here, but 
I think the idea that truly creative/differentiated research is commoditized is a bit naïve. I 
would also suggest that the recently announced JV between Wolfe and Citadel Securities 
is a recent and strong data point indicating that even a data-centric firm like Citadel sees 
value there. Anyway, the key point I’m trying to make is that scale matters at an 
increasing rate, and I think that will drive different growth outcomes at different firms. 
• 
JOSHUA MEYERS (TECH) – MRVL: Updating the F28 revenue outlook to $20bn, led by 
connectivity, $18bn of which is Data Center—i.e., hitting the F29 target a year early.  
o FWIW, Harlan was at $16.1bn. Guiding to F31 (C30), despite a moderating capex 
assumption: F31 Data Center revenue at a +55%–70% CAGR ($67.5bn–$87.5bn; 
$77.35bn at the midpoint); F31 total revenue of $70bn–$90bn, or $80bn at the midpoint.  
o This underscores that the outlook is grounded in what is there today. It looks like an 
impressive guide-up, and the presentation is clear and digestible.  
o Early reactions show a strong bull/bear debate. We are hearing more from bulls, with 
people saying they easily cleared the bar.  
o Bulls: Big number, and they are still leaving room to the upside versus some of the more 
optimistic buy-side expectations—“tracking toward $30 EPS.” Bears: Why give credit to 
MRVL C30, with multiple people adding, “But NVDA is on 2x C30”? They have a poor 
track record with long-term targets. There are many questions about where people are 
taking gross and operating margins; operating margins seem to be 40%–45%. People are 
wondering why ALAB is up more than CRDO on this. The discussion has now turned to 
positioning vis-à-vis the memory wall. An earlier discussion about recruitment and being 
the employer of choice reminded me of those tennis courts we see at the start of every 
earnings call. 
• 
BRIAN HEAVEY (TECH) – 1) AI infrastructure names are leading higher—JPAICREV and 
JP1XLGHT. I think a few things are at play, including: MRVL’s very bullish Investor Day targets; 
M Science saying, “LLM Software SMB billings growth accelerates, and token usage rises; 
OpenAI/Anthropic logo adds strengthened in September. Early estimates suggest Muse has 
~1.1mn weekly active users and ~137K paying subscribers”; and a risk-on environment, with the 
pullback in crude/rates leading to re-grossing in the AI trade. 2) Security Software continues to 
grind higher. 3) Our flows are a bit more consistent with price action today—we are seeing some 
additions to optical/semis from both LO and HF accounts, as well as some covering in the “tax-
loss candidate” trade. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
ALEXANDRA MURPHY (CONSUMER) – Crude is touching roughly one-month lows (~$87) as 
Yemeni forces were able to recapture control of the coast around the Bab el-Mandeb Strait, per 
Reuters, and the Treasury curve is finally breaking its steepening trend, with the 30-year down 
65bp, 10-year down 85bp, and 2-year down 40bp. Consumer flows yesterday did not exhibit the 
broadening many investors are looking for evidence of—we saw very little demand in 
Discretionary as NKE fought shorts pressing to end the day higher; we received questions on the 
squeeze-like action in BBWI and ANF; and rate/crude-sensitive names (housing, cruise, and 
airlines) saw uninspiring flat-to-down moves. Restaurants saw painful underperformance on what 
we were told was weak data, with very few investors stepping in to defend outsized moves lower 
in CMG and EAT. We will be looking to see whether risk appetite improves in the space as the 
macro environment turns more favorable today. 
• 
BRIGGS BARTON (CONSUMER) – Food Producers Rate Risk—Interesting note from Tom 
assessing refinancing risk to earnings in the higher-rate environment. Many companies carry 
higher-than-targeted levels of debt, and elevated dividend payout ratios constrain companies’ 
ability to reduce debt. As a result, the already high and still-rising interest-rate environment 
presents an earnings headwind for food companies as debt is rolled over. This topic seems to be 
gaining increased focus among investors, especially in the wake of CPB’s issuance of 8.5% debt 
last week. In this note, we analyze which companies might be most exposed to higher interest 
rates by assessing (a) the increase in interest expense that would occur if debt were refinanced 
at current rates and (b) when company debt is due. We find that CPB, POST, GIS, BRBR, and 
HRL would face the greatest net-income headwinds if their debt were refinanced at current rates, 
based on yield to maturity; however, HRL is the only company with a significant portion (44%) of 
its debt coming due by the end of 2028. 
 
US MKT INTEL VIEW – Below were published in the Oct 5 Morning Briefing 
• TACTICALLY BULLISH – We moved to a Tactically Bullish view last week, driven by a more 
constructive market setup based on improving macro fundamentals, consumer strength, 
earnings expectations, stabilizing bond yields, and supportive technicals. The most important 
development over the past week was in rates. After a rapid move higher in yields earlier in the 
week, bond yields stabilized, and we saw a sharp decline in both October rate-hike expectations 
(from 64% to 22%) which resulted in a decline in the front end of the curve (2Y moved from 
4.85% to 4.82%). The moves in yields have concentrated markets and a broadening will be 
supportive for investor sentiment, which likely requires bond yields to hold or move lower. The 
market is currently pricing roughly 1x hike in 2026 and 2x hikes in 2027. This week’s ISM-Srvcs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
and next week’s CPI / PPI are important metrics for yields; ISM-Srvcs Prices Paid sub-index is 
key given that it tends to precede moves in the CPI by 2-3 months. Barring an unexpected 
decline in inflation / inflation expectation, Tech should remain the leader. 
ISM-SRVCS PRICES PAID vs. CPI [3M LAGGED] 
 
 
MKT BREADTH: %AGE OF SPX AOBVE 200DMA vs. SPX 
 
 
• UPDATED RATIONALE – We listed five key rationales for turning tactical bullish last week. 
Here is a WoW update on the views: (i) Macro Fundamentals – Macro data last week do not 
materially change the strong macro fundamental backdrop. ISM inched down from the July cycle 
high peak of 55.6 to 54.5 in September but remains elevated. Regional reports, such as Dallas 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Mfg activity, also pointed to positive signals on growth. (ii) Consumer Strength – We bullish on 
the consumer despite the weaker than expected labor data last Friday where the 3-month 
average change remains stable at ~51k; given the decline in initial claims the rise in the 
unemployment rate is not concerning and the consumer is not showing clear signs of distress. 
For reference, Feroli’s estimate of breakeven NFP is a range of 0 – 50k per month. Spending 
and labor income remain supportive of the broader economy; (iii) Earnings Expectations 
(unchanged WoW) – no incremental updates; DAL and PEP will kick off earnings season this 
week. From last week: “… after printing +52% earnings growth in 26Q2, the market sees ~29% 
for 26Q3, which may prove light, as all 11 sectors are expected to see positive revenue and 
positive EPS growth”; (iv) Bond Yields Stabilizing – The key change over the past week was 
the stabilization in yields after the earlier spike. The decline in October rate hike expectations 
and the front end of the curve should help reduce bond volatility. Lower rate volatility is typically 
supportive for Equities, especially long-duration growth; and, (v) Improving Technicals 
(unchanged WoW) – From last week: “… here we flag improving seasonality, the potential for 
heightened retail investor participation, and light positioning.” 
• MONETIZATION MENU (Unchanged from Sep 28) – We still like Tech as a core long but 
would no longer pair with an RTY short given squeeze risk from a move lower in oil / yields, 
which points to using a derivative expression to play the squeeze. Within Tech, there is likely to 
be a broadening, with Semis and Mag 7 potentially outperforming the Tech tape. Software 
seems to be slowly gaining traction but remains a non-consensus bullish play. The AI theme is 
likely to persist and we like owning the theme. Overall, we like Tech in the near-term with 
earnings likely to provide additional support. Ex-Tech, we think you need to see the yield curve 
bull steepening to see a persistent rally in Cyclicals; excluding AI-related plays, we favor Banks 
given the growth reboot, potentially steeper yield curve, and favorable capital markets outlook. 
Rate-sensitive sectors like Real Estate, Telecom, and Utilities may participate in a squeeze but 
we find those sectors most likely to lag the SPX, ex-AI plays. The biggest catalyst would be a US 
/ Iran deal, which would squeeze EU and RTY higher; plus, the COVID Reopening Theme 
(Airlines, Autos, Cruise Lines, Discretionary, Hotels, etc) is another area of interest with a 
preference to play via options.  
 
NEWS LINKS 
• 
S&P 500 Closes In on Record High as Tech Rallies: Markets Wrap (BBG) 
• 
France’s Decades of Deficits Bring Home a Painful Risk Premium (BBG) 
• 
Russia’s Oil Export Boom Undercut by Payouts, Diesel Sales Ban (BBG) 

 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
EU to Push COP31 Deal to Boost Global Emission-Cutting Ambitions (BBG) 
• 
Midterms 2026: Susan Collins, Troy Jackson Clash Over Costs in Maine Race (BBG) 
• 
Crude Oil Tanker in Strait of Hormuz Hit in Suspected Iran Attack (CNBC) 
• 
US Diesel Fuel Prices Jump as Iran-Ukraine Risks Stoke Energy Crisis Fears (CNBC) 
• 
Oil Falls as Traders Weigh Strong Mideast Exports Against Gulf Tensions (CNBC) 
• 
Trade Deficit Hits $105.6 Billion, Widest Since Just Before Trump Tariffs Enacted Last Year 
(CNBC) 
• 
Treasury Yields Tick Higher Ahead of Fed FOMC Minutes (CNBC) 
• 
Yemeni Government Forces Seize District by Bab el-Mandeb, Military Sources Say (RTRS) 
• 
Iran Drone-Plot Fears Led US to Remove Bombers From UK Base, US Officials Say (RTRS) 
• 
Americans Deeply Skeptical of Taxpayer-Funded Election Ads, Reuters/Ipsos Poll Finds (RTRS) 
• 
US Trade Deficit Widens in August Amid Strong Imports (RTRS) 
• 
Diesel, Strait of Hormuz (WSJ) 
• 
Commercial Real Estate, Interest Rates (WSJ) 
• 
The Oil Shock Could Make US Stronger (WSJ) 
 
WEEKLY ECONOMIC DATA / EARNINGS 
US CALENDAR 
ECONOMICS 
• 
OCT 5 – PMI-Srvcs and PMI-Composite (Revision) at 9.45am ET. ISM-Srvcs (New 
Orders/Employment/Prices Paid) at 10am ET. 
• 
OCT 6 – ADP Weekly Employment Change at 8.15am ET. Trade Balance, Imports and Exports 
at 8.30am ET. 
• 
OCT 7 – Mortgage Applications at 7am ET. NY Fed 1-Yr Inflation Expectations at 11am ET. 
FOMC Meeting Minutes at 2pm ET. Consumer Credit at 3pm ET. 
• 
OCT 8 – Initial/Continuing Jobless Claims and Initial Claims 4-Wk Moving Avg at 8.30am ET. 
Wholesale Trade Sales and Wholesale Inventories (Revision) at 10am ET. 
• 
OCT 9 – U. of Mich. Sentiment/Expectations at 10am ET. 
 
EARNINGS 
• 
OCT 5 – N/A 
• 
OCT 6 – AEHR, BRUN, LW, NEOG, STZ 
• 
OCT 7 – APLD 
• 
OCT 8 – PEP 

 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
OCT 9 – DAL 
 
 
GLOBAL CALENDAR 
• 
[SUNDAY] OCT 4 – (Japan) PMIs (revision) at 8.30pm ET. 
• 
OCT 5 – (Eurozone) PMIs (revision) at 4am ET. (UK) PMIs (revision) and Official Reserves 
Changes at 4.30am ET. (Eurozone) PPI at 5am ET. 
• 
OCT 6 – (Germany) Factory Orders at 2am ET. (France) IP at 2.45am ET. (UK) PMIs at 4.30am 
ET. (Eurozone) Retail Sales at 5am ET. (Japan) Labor Cash Earnings at 7.30pm ET. (China) 
Foreign Reserves at time TBD ET. 
• 
OCT 7 – (Germany) IP at 2am ET. (UK) RICS House Price Balance at 7.01pm ET. (Japan) BoP 
Current Account Balance, Trade Balance, and Japan Buying Foreign Bonds at 7.50pm ET. 
• 
OCT 8 – (China) Money Supply M2 at time TBD ET. 
• 
OCT 9 – (Japan) Machine Tool Orders at 2am ET. (Canada) Net Change in Employment and 
Unemployment Rate at 8.30am ET. 
 
NEAR TERM CATALYSTS – CPI (Oct 14, Nov 10, Dec 10), ISM-Mfg (Nov 2, Dec 1), ISM-Srvcs (Oct 5, 
Nov 4, Dec 3), PMI-Mfg and PMI-Srvcs (Oct 23, Nov 23, Dec 16), NFP (Nov 6, Dec 4), PCE (Oct 29, 
Nov 25, Dec 23), Retail Sales (Oct 15, Nov 17, Dec 16). FED DATES: Oct 28, Dec 9 
 
AI / TECH CATALYSTS 
• 
OCT 13-15 – SEMICON West, SF 
• 
OCT 20-22 – NVIDIA GTC Berlin 
• 
OCT 25-28 – Oracle AI World Tour 2026 
• 
NOV 17-20 – Microsoft Ignite, SF 
• 
NOV 30 – DEC 4 – AWS re:Invent. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
POLITICAL CATALYSTS 
• 
OCT 12-18 – IMF-World Bank Annual Meeting 
• 
OCT 25 – Brazil General Election (Runoff). 
• 
OCT 27 – Israel Legislative Election 
• 
NOV 1 – Expiration of the one-year trade truce agreement between Trump and Xi. 
• 
NOV 3 – US Mid-term Election. 
• 
NOV 18-19 – APEC Economic Leaders Meeting (Shenzhen, China). 
• 
DEC 11 – US Government Funding deadline (The Hill) 
• 
DEC 15-16 – G20 Summit in Miami 
• 
JAN 10, 2027 – US and China have agreed to extend the trade truce through January 20, 2027 
(NBC) 
 
 
J.P. Morgan Global Market Intelligence Contacts  
 
Andrew Tyler  |  Federico Manicardi |  Ellen Wang  |  Victoria Campos  
 
Data Assets & Alpha – delivering high frequency J. P. Morgan trading data and associated insights from the Market, Data and 
Positioning Intelligence teams.  Available through written product on JP Morgan Markets, conference calls & podcasts via 
platforms including Apple, Google and Spofy, and data feeds via the DataQuery application & Fusion platform.  
 
To sign up to this content or other written pieces from the Data Assets & Alpha Group, you may 
follow the steps below: 1) visit jpmm.com, select My Research => My Research Subscriptions (or use 
this link to MRS: https://markets.jpmorgan.com/#research.my_subscriptions.) 2) Navigate to “Sales 
& Trading” and subscribe to either Publication “DI, MI, PI” or to Authors. 
John Schlegel  |  Head of Data Assets & Alpha Group  |  +1-212-622-6512  |  john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
 
DA&A Website 
JPM Markets 
Conference Calls 
Podcasts 
Fusion & DataQuery 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Market Intelligence 
High frequency market insights and trade ideas leveraging macro, fundamental and political inputs 
  
Andrew Tyler | 1-212-622-8067 |  andrew.m.tyler@jpmorgan.com 
Federico Manicardi | +44-207-7427008 |  federico.manicardi@jpmorgan.com 
Ellen Wang | +1-212-270-0533 |  ellen.z.wang@jpmorgan.com 
Victoria Campos | +44-203-493-4898 |  victoria.mf.campos@jpmorgan.com 
  
Data Intelligence 
Proprietary data and signals from our industry-leading Markets business, including equity signals, retail sentiment and volatility 
marks 
  
Luca Rainero |   +44-207-1348534 |  luca.rainero@jpmorgan.com 
Edwina Lowe |   +44-207-7423138 |  edwina.lowe@jpmorgan.com 
Maria Smedoiu  |  +44-203-4935504  |  maria.smedoiu@jpmorgan.com 
Ben Broughton  |  ben.broughton@jpmorgan.com 
 
Positioning Intelligence 
Proprietary positioning and flows-based data and analysis, based on the J. P. Morgan Prime book, Retail investor and ETF flows, 
among other sources.  Data sets including positioning, flows, crowding, leverage, performance and alpha, and grouped by sector, 
industry, factor and strategy 
  
John Schlegel | +1-212-622-6512 | john.j.schlegel@jpmchase.com 
Jigar Vakharia | +44-203-493-0275 | jigar.r.vakharia@jpmorgan.com 
Sunny Potharaju | +1-212-622-3688 | sunny.potharaju@jpmorgan.com  
Chris Lam | chris.c.lam@jpmorgan.com 
 
jpmorgan.com | Privacy Policy | Online Activity Safeguards | Cookies Policy 
J.P. Morgan Market Intelligence is a product of the Prime Finance business of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and the intellectual property thereof. It is not a product of the 
Research Department and is intended for distribution to institutional and professional customers only and is not intended for retail customer use. It may not be reproduced, 
redistributed, or transmitted, in whole or in part, without J.P. Morgan’s consent. Any unauthorized use is strictly prohibited.  
This material may include summaries and references to recently published research notes and reports by J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments. For complete details on 
the specific companies mentioned, including analyst certification, valuations, and important investment banking related disclosures, you should refer to the most recently 
published note or report, which is available through www.jpmm.com. You may also find a link to the complete disclosure information on all companies covered by J.P. 
Morgan’s Equity Research Department on the log-in page of our institutional client website, https://jpmm.com/research/disclosures. This material also may include market 
commentary prepared by the individual author on specific companies or instruments that J.P. Morgan’s Research Departments may or may not cover. Unless otherwise 
specifically stated, any views or opinions expressed herein are solely those of the individual author and may differ from the views and opinions expressed by J.P. Morgan’s 
Research Departments or other divisions of J.P. Morgan and its affiliates.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
Structured securities, options, futures, and other derivatives are complex instruments, may involve a high degree of risk, and may be appropriate investments only for 
sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. Because of the importance of tax considerations to many option transactions, 
the investor considering options should consult with his/her tax advisor as to how taxes affect the outcome of contemplated option transactions. For further information on 
the risks involved with various option strategies, please consult the Options Clearing Corporations Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options. The document can 
be viewed at: http://www.optionsclearing.com/publications/riskstoc.pdf.  
This material is provided for information only and is not intended as a recommendation or an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security or financial 
instrument. This material is not a complete analysis of all material facts respecting any issuer, industry, or security or of your investment objectives, parameters, needs or 
financial situation, and therefore is not a sufficient basis alone on which to base an investment decision. J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may have positions (long or short), 
effect transactions or make markets in securities or financial instruments mentioned herein (or options with respect thereto), or provide advice or loans to, or participate in 
the underwriting or restructuring of the obligations of, issuers mentioned herein. Moreover, a J.P. Morgan trading desk may have acted on the basis of this material. The 
information contained herein is as of the date and time referenced above and J.P. Morgan does not undertake any obligation to update such information. All market prices, 
data and other information are not warranted as to completeness or accuracy and are subject to change without notice. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
The investments discussed may fluctuate in price or value. Changes in rates of exchange may have an adverse effect on the value of investments. Transactions involving 
financial instruments mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors. J.P. Morgan has no obligation to update the Trade Idea(s). The validity period for the Trade 
Idea(s) is short term, it will last only as long as the market conditions at the time of dissemination. Any dates and times stated in the Trade Idea(s) may not be precise or 
exact and should be used for guidance only. Unless stated otherwise in the Trade Idea(s), the date and time of dissemination are the date and time the relevant Trade 
Idea(s) are communicated. J.P. Morgan may today, or in the future, do business or enter into transactions on a principal basis for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to 
which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable Trade Idea(s). J.P. Morgan employees or agents may personally hold 
investments or enter transactions for any issuer(s) or financial instrument(s) to which the Trade Idea(s) directly or indirectly relate, including in response to the applicable 
Trade Idea(s).  
Supporting documentation or any claims, comparisons, recommendations, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request. J.P. Morgan is the marketing 
name for the Corporate & Investment Bank of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, member of SIPC, FINRA 
and NYSE. Clients should contact their salespersons at, and execute transactions through, a J.P. Morgan entity qualified in their home jurisdiction unless governing law 
permits otherwise.  
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including 
any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax related penalties.  
Copyright © 2026 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.  
 
 
