Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
www.jpmorganmarkets.com
TSMC
Potential collaboration with Tesla for US fab – JPM 
thoughts 
Overweight
2330.TW, 2330 TT
Price (05 Oct 26):NT$2575.0
Price Target (Jun-27):NT$3300.0
Technology and Telecoms
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited/ J.P. 
Morgan Broking (Hong Kong) Limited
Jennifer Hsieh
(886-2) 2725-9868
jennifer.hsieh@jpmorgan.com
J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited
David Chou
(886-2) 2725-9618
david.chou@jpmorgan.com
J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited
Jason Chen
(886-2) 2725-9864
jason.bh.chen@jpmorgan.com
J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited
Subham Singhania
(91-22) 6157-3801
subham.singhania@jpmorgan.com
J.P. Morgan India Private Limited, J.P. Morgan 
Tower, Santacruz(E), Mumbai - 400098, SEBI 
Registration: INH000001873, (91-22) 6157-3000.
Over the weekend, Elon Musk indicated that TSLA / SPCX is in discussions with 
TSMC for semiconductor capacity in the US, following on the heels of news (see 
our note) last week that TSMC will consider building a second US Fab Cluster in 
Texas. Here are our quick thoughts, although nothing has been finalized.
•
TSMC could consider a JV or pure Foundry model based on our 
research: Our supply chain checks indicate that early discussions are aimed at 
establishing a pure Foundry relationship or a JV arrangement (similar to JSMC 
or ESMC recently) which would provide a dedicated capacity corridor for 
TSLA/SPCX. We expect this Fab to ramp in 2030 and beyond, and the first 
three phases of the US expansion are likely to still focus on Arizona. US fab 
capacity has been a key impediment for expanded Foundry engagements with 
Tesla and TSMC and this change could expand the Foundry opportunity. 
•
Technology and process ownership and majority fab ownership would be 
with TSMC: We believe that TSMC will still keep control of process and 
technology ownership and is unlikely to agree to any technology sharing 
agreement (unlike Intel- Tesla TeraFab agreement on 14A process). We believe 
that fab operations are also likely to be fully controlled by TSMC – in alignment 
with its other Fabs and engagement with other customers. Co-investment in 
Fab capacity is possible, but we would be surprised if the Fab is not majority 
owned by TSMC.
•
What motivates this move? Rising compute demand + some uncertainties 
in competitor ramp? We believe the primary driver for this move is strong 
compute demand (SPCX has been able to sell compute at $20-30 per watt, 
indicating significant ROIC for compute sales and hence the urgency to build 
up new compute capacity as quickly as possible). We have also picked up some 
signals of slower progress on competitor process ramp (Tesla AI6 may be re-
engaging with TSMC for instance), and new ASIC programs (likely working 
with Mediatek) are also on TSMC process, not Intel. While we will have to 
await more clarity on this engagement, these developments further strengthen 
TSMC’s competitive position, in our view. TSMC also appears to be more open 
to building out capacity at an accelerated pace now, given the strong demand 
for compute and the desire to not become the primary bottleneck for customers 
on a long-term basis.
•
Stock view: We believe the potential cooperation with Tesla points to a 
diminished competitive narrative, which could support TSMC’s PE multiple. 
We maintain our OW rating on TSMC with a price target of NT$3300 (20x 12m 
forward EPS). In addition, a larger switch-back to TSMC for TSLA could 
benefit GUC, which is currently the design partner for AI5 but had previously 
been facing the prospect of share loss on AI6. 
See page 3 for analyst certification and important disclosures, including non-US analyst disclosures.

2
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
Investment Thesis, Valuation and Risks
TSMC (Overweight; Price Target: NT$3300.0)
Investment Thesis
We are OW on TSMC, given continued strong leading edge wafer demand from AI, along 
with stronger efforts for capacity expansion in N3, N2, as well as an earlier ramp of A14. 
We expect A14 to go into mass production in 1H28, which could generate some revenue in 
2H28. We believe the tight leading edge wafer supply will extend into 2027-28 and expect 
TSMC to continue its accelerated capacity build plans into 2028. We expect GMs to stay at 
mid-high 60% range due to continued N2 dilution balanced by strong N3 demand, price 
hikes in 1H27, and continued cross-Fab collaboration. We believe that GMs have a chance 
to approach 70% levels once N2 dilution becomes modest (likely in late 2027 or early 2028). 
We believe TSMC’s leading industry position is intact with its leading-edge process 
technology remaining ahead of its peers and its mature nodes continuing to grow with a 
focus on high value segments. 
Valuation
Our Jun-27 PT of NT$3,300 is based on ~20x 12-month forward P/E and reflects strong 
revenue growth from stronger AI demand and faster capacity growth. Our target multiple 
is higher than TSMC’s five-year average historical multiple.
Risks to Rating and Price Target
Key downside risks to our rating and price target include: (1) the debate on the duration of 
the AI capex growth cycle and (2) any negative impact from weak PC/smartphone demand 
in 2H26. 

3
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
 Companies Discussed in This Report (all prices in this report as of market close on 05 October 2026, unless otherwise 
indicated)
GUC(3443.TW/NT$8,600.00/OW) 
 Analyst Certification:  The Research Analyst(s) denoted by an “AC” on the cover of this report certifies (or, where multiple Research Analysts 
are primarily responsible for this report, the Research Analyst denoted by an “AC” on the cover or within the document individually certifies, 
with respect to each security or issuer that the Research Analyst covers in this research) that: (1) all of the views expressed in this report 
accurately reflect the Research Analyst’s personal views about any and all of the subject securities or issuers; and (2) no part of any of the 
Research Analyst's compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the 
Research Analyst(s) in this report. For all Korea-based Research Analysts listed on the front cover, if applicable, they also certify, as per KOFIA 
requirements, that the Research Analyst’s analysis was made in good faith and that the views reflect the Research Analyst’s own opinion, 
without undue influence or intervention.
 All authors named within this report are Research Analysts who produce independent research unless otherwise specified. In Europe, Sector 
Specialists (Sales and Trading) may be shown on this report as contacts but are not authors of the report or part of the Research Department.
Important Disclosures
Market Maker/ Liquidity Provider:  J.P. Morgan is a market maker and/or liquidity provider in the financial instruments of/related to TSMC, 
GUC or related entities.
Analyst Position: An analyst on the Equity or Credit coverage team, non-fundamental analyst who may produce trade recommendations, or a 
member of their respective household(s) has a financial interest in the debt or equity securities of TSMC or related entities.
Client: J.P. Morgan currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following entity(ies) as clients: TSMC, GUC or related entities.
Client/Non-Investment Banking, Securities-Related:  J.P. Morgan currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following entity(ies) 
as clients, and the services provided were non-investment-banking, securities-related: TSMC or related entities.
Client/Non-Securities-Related:  J.P. Morgan currently has, or had within the past 12 months, the following entity(ies) as clients, and the 
services provided were non-securities-related: TSMC or related entities.
Potential Investment Banking Compensation: J.P. Morgan expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking 
services in the next three months from TSMC, GUC or related entities.
Non-Investment Banking Compensation Received: J.P. Morgan has received compensation in the past 12 months for products or services 
other than investment banking from TSMC or related entities.
Debt Position: J.P. Morgan may hold a position in the debt securities of TSMC, GUC or related entities, if any.
Company-Specific Disclosures: J.P. Morgan does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report 
as only a single factor in making their investment decision. Important disclosures, including price charts and credit opinion history tables (if 
applicable), are available for compendium reports and all J.P. Morgan–covered companies, and certain non-covered companies, by visiting 
https://www.jpmm.com/research/disclosures, calling 1-800-477-0406, or e-mailing research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com with your 
request.

4
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
Date
Rating
Price (NT$) Price Target 
(NT$)
20-Oct-23
OW
546.0
700
04-Jan-24
OW
578.0
750
19-Jan-24
OW
588.0
770
06-Mar-24
OW
730.0
850
07-Apr-24
OW
780.0
900
17-Jun-24
OW
922.0
1,080
19-Jul-24
OW
1005.0
1,200
18-Oct-24
OW
1035.0
1,500
13-Apr-25
OW
889.0
1,300
18-Apr-25
OW
847.0
1,275
24-Sep-25
OW
1340.0
1,550
17-Oct-25
OW
1485.0
1,700
07-Jan-26
OW
1705.0
2,100
16-Jan-26
OW
1690.0
2,250
02-Apr-26
OW
1855.0
2,400
17-Apr-26
OW
2085.0
2,500
07-Jul-26
OW
2460.0
3,100
17-Jul-26
OW
2470.0
3,200
30-Sep-26
OW
2475.0
3,300
Date
Rating
Price (NT$) Price Target 
(NT$)
05-Dec-23
UW
1595.00
1,300
03-Feb-24
UW
1590.00
1,230
13-Apr-24
UW
1255.00
1,120
19-Aug-24
UW
1155.00
1,020
29-Oct-24
UW
1260.00
1,040
31-Oct-24
UW
1235.00
970
22-Jan-25
UW
1330.00
900
24-Apr-25
UW
980.00
800
04-Aug-25
UW
1255.00
930
01-Feb-26
UW
2620.00
1,900
21-Apr-26
UW
3580.00
2,500
04-May-26
N
4260.00
3,600
16-Jun-26
N
4815.00
4,400
02-Aug-26
OW
3805.00
5,500
The chart(s) show J.P. Morgan's continuing coverage of the stocks; the current analysts may or may not have covered it over the entire period. 
J.P. Morgan ratings or designations: OW = Overweight, N= Neutral, UW = Underweight, NR = Not Rated
Explanation of Equity Research Ratings, Designations and Analyst(s) Coverage Universe: 
J.P. Morgan uses the following rating system: Overweight (over the duration of the price target indicated in this report, we expect this stock will 
outperform the average total return of the stocks in the Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s team’s, coverage universe); Neutral (over 
the duration of the price target indicated in this report, we expect this stock will perform in line with the average total return of the stocks in the 
Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s team’s, coverage universe); and Underweight (over the duration of the price target indicated in 
this report, we expect this stock will underperform the average total return of the stocks in the Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s 
team’s, coverage universe. NR is Not Rated. In this case, J.P. Morgan has removed the rating and, if applicable, the price target, for this stock 
because of either a lack of a sufficient fundamental basis or for legal, regulatory or policy reasons. The previous rating and, if applicable, the 
price target, no longer should be relied upon. An NR designation is not a recommendation or a rating. Some stocks under coverage have a rating 
but no price target; in these cases, we expect the stock will outperform/perform in line/underperform the average total return of the stocks in the 
Research Analyst’s, or the Research Analyst’s team’s, coverage universe of the relevant duration of the region. In our Asia (ex-Australia and ex-
India) and U.K. small- and mid-cap Equity Research, each stock’s expected total return is compared to the expected total return of a benchmark 
country market index, not to those Research Analysts’ coverage universe. If it does not appear in the Important Disclosures section of this report, 
the certifying Research Analyst’s coverage universe can be found on J.P. Morgan’s Research website, https://www.jpmorganmarkets.com. 

5
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
Coverage Universe: Hariharan, Gokul : ASE Technology Holding Co Ltd (3711.TW), ASMPT Ltd (0522) (0522.HK), AirTAC (1590.TW), 
Alchip Technologies (3661.TW), Chipbond Technology (6147.TWO), GDS Holdings (GDS), GUC (3443.TW), Hiwin (2049.TW), Hon Hai 
Precision (2317.TW), MediaTek Inc. (2454.TW), Nien Made (8464.TW), Novatek Microelectronics Corp. (3034.TW), Powerchip 
Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp. (6770.TWO), SMIC (0981) (0981.HK), Silicon Motion (SIMO), Sinbon (3023.TW), TSMC (2330.TW), 
Teco Electric & Machinery (1504.TW), UMC (2303.TW), Vanguard International Semiconductor Corp. (5347.TWO), Voltronic Power 
Technology (6409.TW), Xiaomi (1810) (1810.HK)
J.P. Morgan Equity Research Ratings Distribution, as of October 03, 2026
Overweight
(buy)
Neutral
(hold)
Underweight
(sell)
J.P. Morgan Global Equity Research Coverage*
53%
35%
12%
    IB clients**
83%
81%
72%
JPMS Equity Research Coverage*
51%
37%
12%
    IB clients**
95%
93%
88%
*Please note that the percentages may not add to 100% because of rounding.
**Percentage of subject companies within each of the "buy," "hold" and "sell" categories for which J.P. Morgan has provided 
investment banking services within the previous 12 months. 
For purposes of FINRA ratings distribution rules only, our Overweight rating falls into a buy rating category; our Neutral rating falls 
into a hold rating category; and our Underweight rating falls into a sell rating category. Please note that stocks with an NR designation 
are not included in the table above. This information is current as of the end of the most recent calendar quarter.
 Equity Valuation and Risks:  For valuation methodology and risks associated with covered companies or price targets for covered companies, 
please see the most recent company-specific research report at  http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com, contact the primary analyst or your J.P. 
Morgan representative, or email research.disclosure.inquiries@jpmorgan.com. For material information about the proprietary models used, 
please see the Summary of Financials in company-specific research reports and the Company Tearsheets, which are available to download on 
the company pages of our client website,  http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com. This report also sets out within it the material underlying 
assumptions used.
History of Investment Recommendations:
A history of J.P. Morgan investment recommendations disseminated during the preceding 12 months can be accessed on the Research & 
Commentary page of  http://www.jpmorganmarkets.com where you can also search by analyst name, sector or financial instrument.
 Analysts' Compensation:The research analysts responsible for the preparation of this report receive compensation based upon various factors, 
including the quality and accuracy of research, client feedback, competitive factors, and overall firm revenues. 
 Registration of non-US Analysts: Unless otherwise noted, the non-US analysts listed on the front of this report are employees of non-US 
affiliates of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, may not be registered as research analysts under FINRA rules, may not be associated persons of J.P. 
Morgan Securities LLC, and may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or 2242 restrictions on communications with covered companies, public 
appearances, and trading securities held by a research analyst account.
 Other Disclosures 
J.P. Morgan is a marketing name for investment banking businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide.
UK MIFID FICC research unbundling exemption: UK clients should refer to UK MIFID Research Unbundling exemption for details of J.P. 
Morgan’s implementation of the FICC research exemption and guidance on relevant FICC research categorisation. 
All research material made available to clients are simultaneously available on our client website, J.P. Morgan Markets, unless specifically 
permitted by relevant laws. Not all research content is redistributed, e-mailed or made available to third-party aggregators. For all research 
material available on a particular stock, please contact your sales representative.
Any long form nomenclature for references to China; Hong Kong; Taiwan; and Macau within this research material are Mainland China; Hong 
Kong SAR (China); Taiwan (China); and Macau SAR (China).
 J.P. Morgan Research may, from time to time, write on issuers or securities targeted by economic or financial sanctions imposed or administered 
by the governmental authorities of the U.S., EU, UK or other relevant jurisdictions (Sanctioned Securities). Nothing in this report is intended to 
be read or construed as encouraging, facilitating, promoting or otherwise approving investment or dealing in such Sanctioned Securities. Clients 
should be aware of their own legal and compliance obligations when making investment decisions. 
 Digital assets, which may also be referred to as virtual or crypto assets or crypto currencies (e.g. bitcoin), discussed in this research report are 
subject to a rapidly changing regulatory landscape. The application of relevant laws in respect of such assets may be unsettled, and the legality 
of any digital asset investment may be unclear. Prior to making any investment decision regarding any digital asset, investors should seek their 
own legal advice and be aware of any legal considerations regarding the purchase, holding or selling of such an investment. For relevant 

6
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
regulatory advisories on digital assets, including bitcoin and ethereum, please see 
https://www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures/cryptoasset-disclosure.
 The author(s) of this research report may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in your jurisdiction and, if not licensed, do not hold 
themselves out as being able to do so. 
 Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs): J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMS”) acts as authorized participant for substantially all U.S.-listed ETFs. To 
the extent that any ETFs are mentioned in this report, JPMS may earn commissions and transaction-based compensation in connection with the 
distribution of those ETF shares and may earn fees for performing other trade-related services, such as securities lending to short sellers of the 
ETF shares. JPMS may also perform services for the ETFs themselves, including acting as a broker or dealer to the ETFs. In addition, affiliates 
of JPMS may perform services for the ETFs, including trust, custodial, administration, lending, index calculation and/or maintenance and other 
services. 
Options and Futures related research: If the information contained herein regards options- or futures-related research, such information is 
available only to persons who have received the proper options or futures risk disclosure documents. Please contact your J.P. Morgan 
Representative or visit https://www.theocc.com/components/docs/riskstoc.pdf  for a copy of the Option Clearing Corporation's Characteristics 
and Risks of Standardized Options or 
https://www.finra.org/sites/default/files/2020-08/Security_Futures_Risk_Disclosure_Statement_2020.pdf for a copy of the Security Futures 
Risk Disclosure Statement. 
Changes to Interbank Offered Rates (IBORs) and other benchmark rates: Certain interest rate benchmarks are, or may in the future 
become, subject to ongoing international, national and other regulatory guidance, reform and proposals for reform. For more information, please 
consult: https://www.jpmorgan.com/global/disclosures/interbank_offered_rates
Private Bank Clients: Where you are receiving research as a client of the private banking businesses offered by JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its 
subsidiaries (“J.P. Morgan Private Bank”), research is provided to you by J.P. Morgan Private Bank and not by any other division of J.P. Morgan, 
including, but not limited to, the J.P. Morgan Corporate and Investment Bank and its Global Research division.
Legal entity responsible for the production and distribution of research: The legal entity identified below the name of the Reg AC Research 
Analyst who authored this material is the legal entity responsible for the production of this research. Where multiple Reg AC Research Analysts 
authored this material with different legal entities identified below their names, these legal entities are jointly responsible for the production of 
this research. Where more than one legal entity is listed under an analyst’s name, the first legal entity is responsible for the production unless 
stated otherwise. Research Analysts from various J.P. Morgan affiliates may have contributed to the production of this material but may not be 
licensed to carry out regulated activities in your jurisdiction (and do not hold themselves out as being able to do so). Unless otherwise stated 
below in the legal entity disclosures, this material has been distributed by the legal entity responsible for production, or where more than one 
legal entity is listed under the analyst’s name, the first legal entity will be responsible for distribution. If you have any queries, please contact the 
relevant Research Analyst in your jurisdiction or the entity in your jurisdiction that has distributed this research material.
Legal Entities Disclosures and Country-/Region-Specific Disclosures:
 Argentina: JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A Sucursal Buenos Aires is regulated by Banco Central de la República Argentina (“BCRA”- Central 
Bank of Argentina) and Comisión Nacional de Valores (“CNV”- Argentinian Securities Commission - ALYC y AN Integral N°51). 
Australia: J.P. Morgan Securities Australia Limited (“JPMSAL”) (ABN 61 003 245 234/AFS Licence No: 238066) is regulated by the 
Australian Securities and Investments Commission and is a Market Participant of ASX Limited, a Clearing and Settlement Participant of ASX 
Clear Pty Limited and a Clearing Participant of ASX Clear (Futures) Pty Limited. This material is issued and distributed in Australia by or on 
behalf of JPMSAL only to "wholesale clients" (as defined in section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001). A list of all financial products covered 
can be found by visiting https://www.jpmm.com/research/disclosures. J.P. Morgan seeks to cover companies of relevance to the domestic and 
international investor base across all Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) sectors, as well as across a range of market capitalisation 
sizes. If applicable, in the course of conducting public side due diligence on the subject company(ies), the Research Analyst team may at times 
perform such diligence through corporate engagements such as site visits, discussions with company representatives, management presentations, 
etc. Research issued by JPMSAL has been prepared in accordance with J.P. Morgan Australia’s Research Independence Policy which can be 
found at the following link: J.P. Morgan Australia - Research Independence Policy. 
Brazil: Banco J.P. Morgan S.A. is regulated by the Comissao de Valores Mobiliarios (CVM) and by the Central Bank of Brazil. Ombudsman 
J.P. Morgan: 0800-7700847 / 0800-7700810 (For Hearing Impaired) / ouvidoria.jp.morgan@jpmchase.com. 
Canada: J.P. Morgan Securities Canada Inc. is a registered investment dealer, regulated by the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization 
and the Ontario Securities Commission and is the participating member on Canadian exchanges. This material is distributed in Canada by or on 
behalf of J.P.Morgan Securities Canada Inc. 
Chile: Inversiones J.P. Morgan Limitada is an unregulated entity incorporated in Chile. 
China: J.P. Morgan Securities (China) Company Limited has been approved by CSRC to conduct the securities investment consultancy 
business. 
Colombia: Banco J.P. Morgan Colombia S.A. is supervised by the Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia (SFC). Any reference in this 
material to products or services offered abroad by entities other than the Bank in Colombia is included exclusively for descriptive purposes. 

7
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
Such references do not constitute, and should not be construed as, promotional activity or the provision of financial products or services within 
Colombian territory, as defined under applicable Colombian regulation. 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Dubai Branch is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (DFSA) and its registered address is Dubai International Financial Centre - The Gate, West Wing, Level 3 and 9 PO Box 506551, 
Dubai, UAE. This material has been distributed by JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Dubai Branch to persons regarded as professional clients or 
market counterparties as defined under the DFSA rules. 
European Economic Area (EEA): Unless specified to the contrary, research is distributed in the EEA by J.P. Morgan SE (“JPM SE”), which is 
authorised as a credit institution by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and 
jointly supervised by the BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and the European Central Bank (ECB). JPM SE is a 
company headquartered in Frankfurt with registered address at TaunusTurm, Taunustor 1, Frankfurt am Main, 60310, Germany. The material 
has been distributed in the EEA to persons regarded as professional investors (or equivalent) pursuant to Art. 4 para. 1 no. 10 and Annex II of 
MiFID II and its respective implementation in their home jurisdictions (“EEA professional investors”). This material must not be acted on or 
relied on by persons who are not EEA professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this material relates is only 
available to EEA relevant persons and will be engaged in only with EEA relevant persons. 
Hong Kong: J.P. Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited (CE number AAJ321) is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the 
Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, and J.P. Morgan Broking (Hong Kong) Limited (CE number AAB027) is regulated by the 
Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., Hong Kong Branch (CE Number AAL996) is regulated by the 
Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities and Futures Commission, is organized under the laws of the United States with limited 
liability. Where the distribution of this material is a regulated activity in Hong Kong, the material is distributed in Hong Kong by or through J.P. 
Morgan Securities (Asia Pacific) Limited and/or J.P. Morgan Broking (Hong Kong) Limited. 
India: J.P. Morgan India Private Limited (Corporate Identity Number - U67120MH1992FTC068724), having its registered office at J.P. Morgan 
Tower, Off. C.S.T. Road, Kalina, Santacruz - East, Mumbai – 400098, is registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a 
‘Research Analyst’ having registration number INH000001873. J.P. Morgan India Private Limited is also registered with SEBI as a member of 
the National Stock Exchange of India Limited and the Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (SEBI Registration Number – INZ000239730) and as a 
Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration Number - MB/INM000002970). Telephone: 91-22-6157 3000, Facsimile: 91-22-6157 3990 and Website: 
http://www.jpmipl.com. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. - Mumbai Branch is licensed by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) (Licence No. 53/ 
Licence No. BY.4/94; SEBI - IN/CUS/014/ CDSL : IN-DP-CDSL-444-2008/ IN-DP-NSDL-285-2008/ INBI00000984/ INE231311239) as a 
Scheduled Commercial Bank in India, which is its primary license allowing it to carry on Banking business in India and other activities, which a 
Bank branch in India are permitted to undertake. For non-local research material, this material is not distributed in India by J.P. Morgan India 
Private Limited. Compliance Officer: Ashutosh Sharma; ashutosh.j.sharma@jpmchase.com; +912261575002. Grievance Officer: Ramprasadh 
K, jpmipl.research.feedback@jpmorgan.com; +912261573000. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee 
performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Please visit Terms and Conditions and Most Important Terms 
and Conditions (MITC). The annual Compliance audit report is available at http://www.jpmipl.com/#research. 
Indonesia: PT J.P. Morgan Sekuritas Indonesia is a member of the Indonesia Stock Exchange and is registered and supervised by the Otoritas 
Jasa Keuangan (OJK). 
Korea: J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch, is a member of the Korea Exchange (KRX). JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 
Seoul Branch, is licensed as a branch office of foreign bank (JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.) in Korea. Both entities are regulated by the Financial 
Services Commission (FSC) and the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS). For non-macro research material, the material is distributed in Korea 
by or through J.P. Morgan Securities (Far East) Limited, Seoul Branch. 
Japan: JPMorgan Securities Japan Co., Ltd. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Tokyo Branch are regulated by the Financial Services Agency in 
Japan. 
Malaysia: This material is issued and distributed in Malaysia by JPMorgan Securities (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (18146-X), which is a Participating 
Organization of Bursa Malaysia Berhad and holds a Capital Markets Services License issued by the Securities Commission in Malaysia. 
Mexico: J.P. Morgan Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V., J.P. Morgan Grupo Financiero is member of the Mexican Stock Exchange (“Bolsa Mexicana 
de Valores”) and the Institutional Stock Exchange (“Bolsa Institucional de Valores”), and it is authorized to act as a broker dealer by the 
National Banking and Securities Exchange Commission (“Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores”). 
New Zealand: This material is issued and distributed by JPMSAL in New Zealand only to "wholesale clients" (as defined in the Financial 
Markets Conduct Act 2013). JPMSAL is registered as a Financial Service Provider under the Financial Service providers (Registration and 
Dispute Resolution) Act of 2008. 
Nigeria: J.P. Morgan Chase Representative Office (Nigeria) Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Nigeria’. Once the new corporate entity 
is set up we will have to re visit / re draft the disclaimer language.
Philippines: J.P. Morgan Securities Philippines Inc. is a Trading Participant of the Philippine Stock Exchange and a member of the Securities 
Clearing Corporation of the Philippines and the Securities Investor Protection Fund. It is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Singapore: This material is issued and distributed in Singapore by or through J.P. Morgan Securities Singapore Private Limited (JPMSS) 

8
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
[MDDI (P) 070/08/2026 and Co. Reg. No.: 199405335R], which is a member of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, and/or 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Singapore branch (JPMCB Singapore), both of which are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. This 
material is issued and distributed in Singapore only to accredited investors, expert investors and institutional investors, as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act, Cap. 289 (SFA). This material is not intended to be issued or distributed to any retail investors or any other 
investors that do not fall into the classes of “accredited investors,” “expert investors” or “institutional investors,” as defined under Section 4A of 
the SFA. Recipients of this material in Singapore are to contact JPMSS or JPMCB Singapore in respect of any matters arising from, or in 
connection with, the material. 
South Africa: J.P. Morgan Equities South Africa Proprietary Limited and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Johannesburg Branch are members of 
the Johannesburg Securities Exchange and are regulated by the Financial Services Conduct Authority (FSCA). 
Taiwan: J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited is a participant of the Taiwan Stock Exchange (company-type) and regulated by the Taiwan 
Securities and Futures Bureau. Material relating to equity securities is issued and distributed in Taiwan by J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) 
Limited, subject to the license scope and the applicable laws and the regulations in Taiwan. To the extent that J.P. Morgan Securities 
(Taiwan) Limited produces research materials on securities not listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange or Taipei Exchange (“Non-Taiwan 
Listed Securities”), these materials shall not constitute securities recommendations for the purpose of applicable Taiwan regulations, 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, J.P. Morgan Securities (Taiwan) Limited does not act as broker for Non-Taiwan Listed Securities. 
According to Paragraph 2, Article 7-1 of Operational Regulations Governing Securities Firms Recommending Trades in Securities to Customers 
(as amended or supplemented) and/or other applicable laws or regulations, please note that the recipient of this material is not permitted to 
engage in any activities in connection with the material that may give rise to conflicts of interests, unless otherwise disclosed in the “Important 
Disclosures” in this material. 
Thailand: This material is issued and distributed in Thailand by JPMorgan Securities (Thailand) Ltd., which is a member of the Stock Exchange 
of Thailand and is regulated by the Ministry of Finance and the Securities and Exchange Commission. The registered address is 548 One City 
Center Building, 50th Floor, Ploenchit Road, Lumphini, Pathum Wan, Bangkok 10330. 
UK: Research is produced in the UK by J.P. Morgan Securities plc (“JPMS plc”) which is a member of the London Stock Exchange and is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority or 
J.P. Morgan Markets Limited (“JPMML Ltd”) which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Unless specified to the 
contrary, this material is distributed in the UK by JPMS plc and is directed in the UK only to: (a) persons having professional experience in 
matters relating to investments falling within article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) (Order) 2005 
(“the FPO”); (b) persons outlined in article 49 of the FPO (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations or partnerships, the trustees of 
high value trusts, etc.); or (c) any persons to whom this communication may otherwise lawfully be made; all such persons being referred to as 
"UK relevant persons". This material must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not UK relevant persons. Any investment or 
investment activity to which this material relates is only available to UK relevant persons and will be engaged in only with UK relevant persons. 
A description of J.P. Morgan EMEA’s policy for prevention and avoidance of conflicts of interest related to the production of Research can be 
found at the following link: J.P. Morgan EMEA - Research Independence Policy. 
U.S.: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“JPMS”) is a member of the NYSE, FINRA, SIPC, and the NFA. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. is a member 
of the FDIC. Material published by non-U.S. affiliates is distributed in the U.S. by JPMS who accepts responsibility for its content.
General: Additional information is available upon request. The information in this material has been obtained from sources believed to be 
reliable. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the facts stated in this material are accurate and that the forecasts, opinions and 
expectations contained herein are fair and reasonable, JPMorgan Chase & Co. or its affiliates and/or subsidiaries (collectively J.P. Morgan) make 
no representations or warranties whatsoever to the completeness or accuracy of the material provided, except with respect to any disclosures 
relative to J.P. Morgan and the Research Analyst's involvement with the issuer that is the subject of the material. Accordingly, no reliance should 
be placed on the accuracy, fairness or completeness of the information contained in this material. There may be certain discrepancies with data 
and/or limited content in this material as a result of calculations, adjustments, translations to different languages, and/or local regulatory 
restrictions, as applicable. These discrepancies should not impact the overall investment analysis, views and/or recommendations of the subject 
company(ies) that may be discussed in the material. Artificial intelligence tools may have been used in the preparation of this material, including 
assisting in data analysis, pattern recognition, and content drafting for research material. J.P. Morgan accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss 
arising from any use of this material or its contents, and neither J.P. Morgan nor any of its respective directors, officers or employees, shall be in 
any way responsible for the contents hereof, apart from the liabilities and responsibilities that may be imposed on them by the relevant 
regulatory authority in the jurisdiction in question, or the regulatory regime thereunder. Opinions, forecasts or projections contained in this 
material represent J.P. Morgan's current opinions or judgment as of the date of the material only and are therefore subject to change without 
notice. Periodic updates may be provided on companies/industries based on company-specific developments or announcements, market 
conditions or any other publicly available information. There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such 
opinions, forecasts or projections, which represent only one possible outcome. Furthermore, such opinions, forecasts or projections are subject 
to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that have not been verified, and future actual results or events could differ materially. The value 
of, or income from, any investments referred to in this material may fluctuate and/or be affected by changes in exchange rates. All pricing is 
indicative as of the close of market for the securities discussed, unless otherwise stated. Past performance is not indicative of future results. 
Accordingly, investors may receive back less than originally invested. This material is not intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or 
sale of any financial instrument. The opinions and recommendations herein do not take into account individual client circumstances, objectives, 
or needs and are not intended as recommendations of particular securities, financial instruments or strategies to particular clients. This material 

9
Gokul Hariharan AC
(852) 2800-8564
gokul.hariharan@jpmorgan.com
Asia Pacific Equity Research
05 October 2026
J P M O R G A N
may include views on structured securities, options, futures and other derivatives. These are complex instruments, may involve a high degree of 
risk and may be appropriate investments only for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. The 
recipients of this material must make their own independent decisions regarding any securities or financial instruments mentioned herein and 
should seek advice from such independent financial, legal, tax or other adviser as they deem necessary. J.P. Morgan may trade as a principal on 
the basis of the Research Analysts’ views and research, and it may also engage in transactions for its own account or for its clients’ accounts in a 
manner inconsistent with the views taken in this material, and J.P. Morgan is under no obligation to ensure that such other communication is 
brought to the attention of any recipient of this material. Others within J.P. Morgan, including Strategists, Sales staff and other Research 
Analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this material. Employees of J.P. Morgan not involved in the preparation of this 
material may have investments in the securities (or derivatives of such securities) mentioned in this material and may trade them in ways 
different from those discussed in this material. This material is not an advertisement for or marketing of any issuer, its products or services, or its 
securities in any jurisdiction.
Confidentiality and Security Notice: This transmission may contain information that is privileged, confidential, legally privileged, and/or 
exempt from disclosure under applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, 
distribution, or use of the information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Although this 
transmission and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is 
received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by JPMorgan Chase & 
Co., its subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use. If you received this transmission in 
error, please immediately contact the sender and destroy the material in its entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. This message is 
subject to electronic monitoring: https://www.jpmorgan.com/disclosures/email
MSCI: Certain information herein (“Information”) is reproduced by permission of MSCI Inc., its affiliates and information providers (“MSCI”) 
©2026. No reproduction or dissemination of the Information is permitted without an appropriate license. MSCI MAKES NO EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES (INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS) AS TO THE INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMS ALL 
LIABILITY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. No Information constitutes investment advice, except for any applicable Information 
from MSCI ESG Research. Subject also to msci.com/disclaimer
Any mentions of third-party trademarks, brand names, products, and services are for referential purposes only and any mention thereof is not 
meant to imply any sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation.
 Sustainalytics: Certain information, data, analyses and opinions contained herein are reproduced by permission of Sustainalytics and: (1) 
includes the proprietary information of Sustainalytics; (2) may not be copied or redistributed except as specifically authorized; (3) do not 
constitute investment advice nor an endorsement of any product or project; (4) are provided solely for informational purposes; and (5) are not 
warranted to be complete, accurate or timely. Sustainalytics is not responsible for any trading decisions, damages or other losses related to it or 
its use. The use of the data is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers. ©2026 Sustainalytics. All 
Rights Reserved. 
"Other Disclosures" last revised October 03, 2026. 
Copyright 2026 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved. This material or any portion hereof may not be reprinted, sold or 
redistributed without the written consent of J.P. Morgan. It is strictly prohibited to use or share without prior written consent from J.P. 
Morgan any research material received from J.P. Morgan or an authorized third-party (“J.P. Morgan Data”) in any third-party 
artificial intelligence (“AI”) systems or models when such J.P. Morgan Data is accessible by a third-party. #$J&098$#*P
Completed 05 Oct 2026 11:03 PM HKT
Disseminated 05 Oct 2026 11:03 PM HKT
