GS Dunn - GS US Daily Download 7 Oct 2026
Sam Dunn  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
7 Oct 2026
Stat of the day
The S&P 500 hit another ATH at $7,844 yesterday, the 28th record high in 2026.
Chart of the day
Macro GS Research
1. US Trade Deficit - The trade deficit widened by $12.7bn to $105.6bn in August from an upwardly
revised level in July, above expectations. The details of the trade balance report were weaker than our
previous GDP tracking assumptions. We lowered our Q3 GDP tracking estimate by 0.3pp to +3.1%
(quarter-over-quarter annualized).
Actionable GS Research Overnight

1. US eCommerce Q3 Preview - Ahead of Q3’26 eCommerce earnings reporting, we address key industry
themes and debates and refresh our operating estimates based on industry data and channel checks. After a
year characterized by macro uncertainty, shifting consumer spending patterns, and debates around both the
health of the consumer and the future impact of AI, we believe investors enter earnings season focused on
three core questions: 1) Where does the digital consumer stand today? 2) How will the emergence of
agentic commerce and action-based agents ultimately reshape the competitive landscape? 3) How do we
expect these dynamics to play out during the upcoming holiday season?
2. Marvell Technology Investor Day Review - We attended Marvell’s Investor Day in New York. Overall,
we expect the stock to hold its gains (up 6%), as we came away from the event favourably impressed by
the company’s above-Street long-term financial targets (FY2031) and the broadening of Marvell's AI
opportunity into a more diversified connectivity franchise spanning scale-out, scale-up, scale-across,
scale-in, XPU attach, and custom XPU solutions. Management outlined FY31 targets including revenue
growing at a 55%-60% CAGR (FY26-31), with gross margin of 56%-59%, operating margin of 44%-46%,
and EPS of ~$30.00. Although we are Neutral on the stock trading at ~9.5X company's FY31 EPS target
with limited visibility into the timing and magnitude of new design wins (relative to large-cap computing
peers), we would be more constructive if we gain stronger evidence of execution and a clearer path the
ramp of other key design wins.
3. Costco Takeaways - We hosted a Texas club tour with Douglas Walker, General Manager, and Brian
Dew, Vice President of the Texas Region, from Costco on 10/6/26 and highlight our key takeaways below.
Looking to FY27, we continue to have confidence in Costco’s value proposition resonating with
consumers, and we expect the company to continue gaining share. We reiterate our Buy rating with a 12-
month price target of $1,134. Key takeaways include 1) Christmas merchandise is set up; Costco expects
more SKUs for holiday y/y 2) Costco called out strong population growth in DFW area and sees an
opportunity to gain market share 3) The company is introducing pay stations at new locations 4) Kirkland
Signature continues to perform well 5) The company is investing tariff refunds into price 6) Costco aims
for a higher number of Executive members who have the Citi co-branded credit card.
Market Update
NDX/SPX drifted higher as macro backdrop stabilized (crude + rates following a bid to Euro bonds
overnight coupled with Bessent commentary). Momentum traded lower for the second consecutive
session. RTY also large laggard. Focus remained on 1/ Our Power Up America basket (GSENEPOW up
~450bps) at the top of the leader board following GOOGL headlines this AM putting renewed focused
around increased power demand from AI (CEG +12%). 2/ Weakness in Hard Disk Drives (HDDs) with
crowded longs STX and WDC trading down 8-10% on another wave of competition concerns, toshiba)
which bled over to broader Semicap Equipment (AMAT, KLAC, LRCX). 3/ Biotech down ~350bps with
AVBP down 46% on a clinical miss (though only a small drag on the XBI – another negative update more
recently).
Our floor was a 4 on a 1-10 scale in terms of overall activity levels finishing +670bps better to buy. Asset
Mgr and HF flows skewed better to buy, driven by macro and tech pockets but remained muted. Bartlett

said well: Can't say we're overly busy on the single stock side here, with the continued NDX breakout
seemingly driven by: 1) clean investor positioning (GS PB has HF nets approaching a 5 year low ... GS
Sentiment indicator also hovering around multi year lows); 2) covering of Macro products/hedges; 3)
steady drumbeat of $ concentration into Tech/AI at the expense of pretty much everything else in market
(market breadth plummeting, lowest level since 2000)...all while investors climb the wall of worry
(particularly on the macro side) + and as fundamental datapoints in AI remain extremely strong.
CALENDAR
19:00 UKT FOMC meeting minutes, September 15-16 meeting
Earnings — pre-market: none; post-market: LEVI
US Conferences: GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York (2-3 Dec, Industrials); GS Financial
Services Conference, New York (8-9 Dec, Financials)
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 7 Oct 2026.
