GS Crook - GS MORNING 1) G10 Spot Colour, 2) Brazil FX &
Rates Commentary, 3) Thoughts on French Macro, 4) Equities
Update and 5) US Midterms Webcast 7 Oct 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
7 Oct 2026
Highlights from GS Research, Sales and Trading: 1) G10 Spot Colour, 2) Brazil FX & Rates Commentary,
3) Thoughts on French Macro, 4) Equities Update and 5) US Midterms Webcast
1) G10 FX SPOT TRADING (BRAUTEN-SMITH) – G10 Spot Colour
EURUSD: After a brief relief rally in fixed income yesterday, allowing 10yr OAT-Bund spreads to trade
~30bps tighter than the wides printed at the tail end of last week (albeit with a bit of a helping hand from
German factory orders first thing Tuesday), we are back mid-range in EURUSD. Technically the pair still
trades very soft, and for 3-4wks we haven’t tested momentum sellers trailed stops with 1.1305/25 now
critical resistance. We’re still searching for a coherent exit strategy to either the French fiscal concerns or
Middle East situation, and until something changes we suspect few will be comfortable making fresh big
bets in G10 FX.
USDJPY: This is a low quality trading environment and as a result large one-off often macro-agnostic
tickets are determining paths on the day. Conviction on USDJPY shorts are lower, and we have parred
back bets with the residual position watched versus the top of the cloud around 159.60 – reserve the right
to re-engage, but tying up capital there is inhibiting our ability to trade some of the intra-day tactical
opportunities.
NOKSEK: Finally, Swedish CPI came in soft and may reduce the requirement for the Riksbank to keep
pace with the ECB. The market has been selling NOKSEK on rallies on a 1.04 handle, and with the
overnight move in energy it’s worth acknowledging the risks of a test through 1.05 later this week,
particularly should Norway’s equivalent print point the other way on Friday.
CHART 1: YTD Moves in G10 FX

Source: Marquee MarketView
2) Brazil FX & Rates Update
Heloise Carrer (BRL Rates Trading) from the Close: Another positive price action for DIs, closing the day
~10-15bps tighter with a steepening bias. With risk-on sentiment prevailing on external markets with USD
trading weaker across the board DIs continued to trade with a positive tone here, but this time with the
move more contained after the huge rally on Monday. Flows on our side continue better receivers in
medium sizes, while CDI onoff has been trading quite offered here, indicating more inflows through the
market. On the real rates side, NT announced a small to medium size NTN-B auction (~620k dv01), which
was fully placed. We had two-way flows with net receivers in medium sizes on the belly of the curve.
Marcelo Issa (BRL FX Trading) from the Close: The decent performance at the opening was quickly
faded. Despite a weaker USD environment, BRL failed to get momentum lower – it seems like USDBRL
has consolidated for now around 4.95/5.00 spot level. Looking at the political side here, it seems like
Flavio is focusing on getting support from candidates that lost the first round and for “centrao” parties. He

seemed to be successful getting the support from Ronaldo Caiado, an important name on the center west
of the country and from the Uniao-PP parties which are a centrao force and have political influence across
the country. Lula for now has been quiet – he seems to be focusing on the 33m Brazilians that decided to
not vote this past Sunday. Delta wise, we like trading the mini range we found around 4.95/5.00 spot.
Flows have been balanced with CTA names and RM accounts very two sided.
3) Thoughts on French Macro
Key takeaways from Marine Le Pen’s budget proposal:
Spending cuts by 2032: €140bn, net of at least €30bn of tax cuts
Primary balance: Restored within 18 months of taking office
Public deficit: Below 3% of GDP by 2030; below 2.5% by 2032
Public debt: 112% of GDP by 2032, from ~121% in 2027
Public spending: Below 50% of GDP by end of term
Constitutional rule: "Golden rule" on deficits, approved by referendum
Pensions: €15–20bn in long-term savings; new funded private scheme (individual and collective), details
in coming weeks
Europe: Cut France's net EU contribution to €5bn
ECB: Talks with the ECB on easing borrowing costs once public finances are under control, plus ECB
support for energy-transition and decarbonisation financing
Thoughts from Alexandre Stott (Europe Economics): The medium-term deficit trajectory was a mixed
bag. They have a good understanding of the magnitudes (need deficit at 2.5% of GDP and an effort of
140bn) and the mechanisms at play (lower deficit will weigh on growth but could also lower borrowing
costs). They are focusing on revamping the fiscal framework and adopting a fiscal rule, even if their
proposal for that is far from perfect. I am more sceptical about the details – they still think they can get
20bn in savings from the EU, 30bn from immigration, and 30bn from tax and benefits fraud, which are all
likely overestimated. They have also kept their 15bn proposal to cut VAT and have completely omitted
their proposal on pensions, which they have said will pay for itself.
France Macro Webcast Replay: Listen in as we deep dive into French macro, looking at the fundamentals,
politics (including LePen's 'Counter Budget') and the outlook for rates and equities, with Alexandre Stott
on Economics, Simon Freycenet on Rates Strategy and Guillaume Jaisson on Equity Strategy.
4) ETF & CUSTOM BASKETS VOL TRADING (TUTEJA) – A Bit Less Clear
Shawn Tuteja, Head of ETF & Custom Baskets Vol Trading, out with his latest views.
BOTTOM LINE: The Tech / AI asymmetry has shifted. The macro is unequivocally more difficult, and the
positioning within AI and large-cap tech no longer seem to be tailwinds. The clearest theme in the market

over the past month has been the divergence between the largest weights in the SPX vs the rest of the
index more linked to the real economy. To put this into context, since August 27th, SPX is up 1.28% while
SPXXAI (S&P ex the AI names) is down 5.19%. The rolling 30-day difference in cumulative returns
between SPX and SPXXAI is near the widest it has been since January 2023 (the start of the AI trade) and
particularly stands out because it’s rare that the two indices move in opposite directions.
View: The setup from a tactical trading perspective is more difficult. The largest weights in SPX and parts
of the AI story have so far been immune to the sharp repricing in the fixed income market, but as a result,
could be vulnerable to further negative macro surprises from here. My view is either 1) the macro
environment (rates and oil) needs to become more friendly and further upside at the index level can be
driven by a “broadening out” of other sectors or 2) the macro continues to be messy, in which case the
large-cap tech and AI names could stall out along with the rest of the market. As such, I prefer broader
market implementations of upside at these levels rather than the AI ones that we’ve liked for the past few
months. For example, SPXXAI Nov 102% calls for 1.25% could serve as a convex right-tail portfolio
hedge should the macro become friendlier.
Positioning: Overall net exposure remains low - our Prime book shows US Fundamental L/S (asset-
weighted) nets in the 2nd %ile on a 5-year lookback. This is consistent with my conversations across
client-types that show the trading community is light on overall net equity risk and ties with Tony P’s view
on 2 out of 10 discretionary length on a -10 to 10 scale. It’s clear that the institutional trading community
has the ability to take up net exposure on dips, and even with the uncertainty in rates, it seems that ~7400
is a level where clients would meaningfully like to take up exposure from a technical and fundamental
lens.
CHART 1: PB Mag 7 % of Total US Exposure (MV)

Source: GS Prime Brokerage as of 10/5/2026.
5) GS Webcast: US Midterms Watch
In the run-up to US midterms, join us for a discussion with Alec Phillips, chief US political economist,
and Dominic Wilson, senior markets advisor. The panel will cover:
-) The Electoral Landscape: Voter sentiment, inflation, and key battleground races.
-) Party Dynamics: Internal shifts and potential implications on presidential outlooks.
-) Market Frameworks: Policy impacts on yields, FX, and equities.
When: Wednesday, October 7 | 8AM NYC, 1PM London
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 7 Oct 2026.
