GS Tuteja - a bit less clear 6 Oct 2026
Shawn Tuteja  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Tue 6 Oct 2026, 8:27pm ET
Any references to we/us/our refers to the trading desk
Framework
My last note at the end of August argued for upside in AI / semis and a general bullish framework on SPX.
The view was predicated on what was low implied volatility and low positioning in many parts of the AI
trade, coupled with macro uncertainty forcing risk to be deployed into these areas of the market at the
expense of the rest of the index.
At current levels, I would now argue that the Tech / AI asymmetry has shifted. The macro is unequivocally
more difficult, and the positioning within AI and large-cap tech no longer seem to be tailwinds. The
clearest theme in the market over the past month has been the divergence between the largest weights in
the SPX vs the rest of the index more linked to the real economy. To put this into context, since August
27th, SPX is up 1.28% while SPXXAI (S&P ex the AI names) is down 5.19%. The rolling 30-day
difference in cumulative returns between SPX and SPXXAI is near the widest it has been since January
2023 (the start of the AI trade) and particularly stands out because it’s rare that the two indices move in
opposite directions. The same chart of NDX vs RTY rolling 30-day returns tells a similar story.
Source: GS FICC & Equities as of 10/5/2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
My View: I find the setup from a tactical trading perspective to be more difficult. The largest weights in
SPX and parts of the AI story have so far been immune to the sharp repricing in the fixed income market,
but as a result, could be vulnerable to further negative macro surprises from here. My view is either 1) the

macro environment (rates and oil) needs to become more friendly and further upside at the index level can
be driven by a “broadening out” of other sectors or 2) the macro continues to be messy, in which case the
large-cap tech and AI names could stall out along with the rest of the market. As such, I prefer broader
market implementations of upside at these levels rather than the AI ones that we’ve liked for the past few
months. For example, SPXXAI Nov 102% calls for 1.25% could serve as a convex right-tail portfolio
hedge should the macro become friendlier.
While Tech and AI positioning have seen a notable uptick over the past 6-8 weeks, the overall net
positioning of the trading community remains muted. This positioning dynamic, along with the multiple
compression we’ve already seen at the index level, likely floor us to the downside amidst market
weakness. The path where a real left-tail opens up for equities is one where the Fed must hike an excessive
number of times to maintain credibility in the backend of the bond curve. While it’s tough to put a specific
number on that, one near-term risk event would be the CPI. With the Oct meeting priced at 5 bps of hikes,
if CPI prints high and forces the Fed to go, I think all sectors have near-term downside, especially given
the rest of 2027 would likely price much higher after that as well.
Below, I walk through the logic of the view with some stats and charts that are hopefully helpful. As
always, please reach out with thoughts and views.
AI / Tech Positioning not as Clean as 6-8 weeks ago: Since the end of June, FCI has tightened by ~40 bps
per our indicators. Table 1 below shows the breakdown of what has contributed to the tightening in FCI.
Moreover, since the end of August, SFRZ6Z7 has steepened almost 50 bps, which effectively just means
the market is quickly pricing in more rate hikes (rather than cuts or holding firm) out through the end of
2027.

Table 1: US FCI Contributions Change (in bps)
Source: Goldman Sachs Investment Research, 1 Jul 2026 to 4 Oct 2026.
Clients have certainly re-engaged in tech as a result of this macro uncertainty. Chart 2 shows that net
exposure on our prime book to Mag7 as a % of Total US exposure is near 22%, which is the highest on
record since the start of 2022. Chart 3 shows that Semis and Semi Equipment as a % of Total US Exposure
now sit at ~12% (vs a peak in June of 14% but also vs starting the year ~6%). Our prime data shows that
US Tech stocks in September had their largest % buying in a month since Feb ’25 (and were the only
sector net bought on our prime book in the month of September).

Chart 2: PB Mag 7 % of Total US Exposure (MV)
Source: GS Prime Brokerage as of 10/5/2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Chart 3: PB Semis and Semi Equipment % of Total US Exposure (MV)
Source: GS Prime Brokerage as of 10/5/2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.

Similarly, Chart 4 shows that the total length held within US levered semis ETFs now sits at ~115bln (vs
peak ~157bln in June and trough ~72bln on 29Jul). Since the peak in June, we’ve seen ~11bln of creations
in this complex.
Chart 4: Total AUM in US Long Levered Semis ETFs
Source: GS FICC & Equities as of 10/5/2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
These are certainly not numbers that make me worried that we are near the June peak in terms of AI
positioning. However, they also do not show tech and AI as pockets of the market that are under-owned
anymore or priced-to-pessimism in terms of earnings cycle length.
Overall Market Net Positioning is Still Low, which should support dips: With all of this being said, there
are certainly reasons to expect dips at the broad SPX level to be somewhat contained.
The first is that overall net exposure remains low - our Prime book shows US Fundamental L/S (asset-
weighted) nets in the 2nd %ile on a 5-year lookback. This is consistent with my conversations across
client-types that show the trading community is light on overall net equity risk and ties with Tony P’s view
on 2 out of 10 discretionary length on a -10 to 10 scale. It’s clear that the institutional trading community
has the ability to take up net exposure on dips, and even with the uncertainty in rates, it seems that ~7400
is a level where clients would meaningfully like to take up exposure from a technical and fundamental
lens.

Source: GS Prime Brokerage as of 10/5/2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
The second is that there are many pockets of the market that have extremely low positioning and relatively
cheap multiples, as they have been deemed “uninvestable” during this macro uncertainty of high bond
yields and high oil prices. While timing any relief on geopolitics has proven extremely difficult, it’s
becoming apparent that to unlock real “right tails” in the broad SPX means that there needs to be increased
market breadth. The charts below show the NTM P/E of the constituents of GSXUMIDC (Middle Income
Consumer basket), GSXUHOME (housing), and GSENEPOW (AI Power). While the first two trades are
ones that clients remain wary to return to until the macro uncertainty clears, GSENEPOW is a theme that
clients have renewed interest in participating in. Given all the policy uncertainty around datacenters this
year, the narrative is forming that midterms could be a clearing event for some of this complex, which
currently has extremely clean positioning per our metrics (15th %ile on a 3-year lookback). One trade into
year-end that could make sense here is selling the 31Dec 85% put to help fund the 110 135% call spread
on GSENEPOW for 1.75%.

Chart 5: NTM P/E of GSENEPOW, GSXUMIDC, and GSXUHOME
Source: GS Global Investment Research as of 10/5/2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Third, the most recent Fed talk seems to be turning more coordinated and potentially market-friendly.
Williams, Jefferson, and Bowman all seemed to introduce a “data-dependent” framework to the October
meeting, which was met with optimism post the lighter NFP number. The market clearly is going through
cycles where it worries that the Fed needs to hike relentlessly in order to maintain any credibility in
backend yields. The “positive” outcome for equity markets would be “only” a December hike followed by
some semblance of guidance towards quarterly hikes thereafter (with the hope that softer inflation allows
some of these hikes to be priced out over time). While there is much debate as to whether this path is
possible, from these levels of overall net positioning, equities may be more reactive to dovish Fed
surprises on the margin.
Fourth, it’s likely that sentiment improves as we get past the midterms. The past few months have been
extremely challenging for clients, even beyond the AI sell-off in July. August saw a rotation into software
at the expense of semis, and September has brought tumult to the global rates market. Our performance
estimates show that Global Fundamental L/S ended June +17.42% and are currently at +12.54%. The
market is well aware of the seasonal that SPX returns are normally flat from August to the midterm and
then fairly positive post midterm to year-end.
On a closing note on vol / the midterms, we ran estimated midterm implied moves for some of our most
topical baskets. If you’d like to see this for other baskets or ETFs or refresh these closer to the event,
please reach out.

Asset
Description
Total Implied Election
Move (%)
Baseline (Non-
Election) Move (%)
Extra Midterm
Implied Move (%)
GSENEPOW
Power Up America
3.40%
1.72%
1.69%
GSTMTAIR
AI at Risk
3.50%
2.00%
1.49%
GSTMTAIP
Broad AI
3.27%
1.97%
1.30%
GS24DEML
2024 Democratic Policy
Outperformers
2.61%
1.34%
1.27%
GSHLCACA
ACA Expansion
2.14%
1.36%
0.78%
GS24REPL
2024 Republican Policy
Outperformers
2.00%
1.27%
0.72%
SPX
SPX
1.09%
0.78%
0.31%
Max loss for buying options is premium paid. Max loss for selling options is unlimited.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities desk commentary (not a product of GS Global Investment Research); GS Prime Brokerage;
GS Global Investment Research. Data as of 5 Oct 2026; published 6 Oct 2026.
