GS Kaplan - GS Global Equities Call 6 Oct 2026
Matthew Kaplan  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
6 Oct 2026
GS Global Equities Call
Here’s what we’re focused on this morning:
US equities bid again (SPX futures +25bps // NDX +40bps // RTY +5bps) as US and European bond
yields ease (UST10yr -3bps @ 5.27% // UST30yr -3bps @ 5.63% // France 10yr -11bps @ 4.74% // Italy
-11bps bps @ 4.5% // German 10yr -3bps @ 3.46%, etc) alongside crude (WTI -2.2% @ $87.45).
France’s Marine Le Pen (currently leading in polls ahead of next year’s election) proposed a sharp deficit
reduction helping sentiment in the region (bbg), Bessent said the US can “very quickly” bend the US debt
curve (bbg), and, in the Middle East, there are reports Yemen recaptured critical territory from the Houthis
near the Bab el-Mandeb Straight and Saudi confirmed its East-West pipeline is flowing at 5.8mbd
(rtrs/bbg).
On the calendar for today: Macro: US Trade Balance @ 8:30 AM, US Crude Inventories, Eurozone retail
sales, $58bn 3yr auction @ 1 PM // Fed: Williams (Voter, 9.05 AM), Musalem (non-Voter, 10:45 AM),
Bowman (Voter, 10:45 AM), Schmid (non-voter, 1:15 PM), Logan (Voter, 7 PM) // Micro: MRVL, ZS,
NOMD, RZLV investor days, AMZN Prime day (through 10/7), EPS Pre: RPM, LW / Post: STZ
WHAT WE’RE WATCHING:
US Economics Analyst: How Will Higher Rates Affect the US Economy?
- Higher rates should weigh most heavily on residential investment by further cooling housing demand and
deepening the effects of mortgage rate lock-in: with mortgage rates up more than 1pp since February, most
borrowers now hold mortgages priced well below market rates, leaving them with little incentive to move.
We expect higher rates to subtract about 2pp from annualized residential investment growth in 2026Q4
and 1pp on average in 2027, though the drag would be roughly twice as large if rates stayed at current
levels.
- Higher rates weigh on consumer spending mainly by dampening credit-financed demand for durable
goods such as motor vehicles, a drag partly offset by higher net interest income since households are net
lenders in aggregate. On net, we estimate that higher rates will slow consumer spending growth by about
0.2pp in 2027.
- Higher funding costs weigh on business investment as companies devote a larger share of revenue to
interest expense when refinancing maturing debt at higher rates. We estimate the increase in interest
burden separately for large companies and small businesses, as the latter are more exposed to rising rates:
about half their debt is variable-rate and reprices quickly. We expect a drag on 2027 capex growth of about
0.3pp from this channel.

- We see two additional risks if current rates persist: 1) higher rates could weigh on equity prices: our
strategists expect equities to rise slightly over 10% by end-2027 but note that stable rates could limit
upside. If equities were roughly flat through 2027 because of higher rates, the missing boost from wealth
effects would lower consumer spending growth by just under 0.5pp. 2) higher rates have revived fiscal
sustainability concerns. The large primary deficit remains the main driver of the debt-to-GDP ratio, but
persistently higher rates would boost interest expenses and push the ratio up faster—raising the odds that
deficit reduction becomes necessary sooner to stabilize debt.
Interest Rates Have Risen Sharply Since the Start of the Iran War; Our Financial Conditions Index Moved
Sideways for a Few Months as Higher Equity Prices, Tighter Credit Spreads, and a Weaker Dollar Offset
Higher Long Rates, but Is Now Tightening
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Higher Rates Weigh on Consumer Spending Mainly by Reducing Demand for Durable Goods, Particularly
Recreation Goods and Motor Vehicles

Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Federal Reserve, Bauer and Swanson (2023)
We Estimate That Higher Rates Will Weigh on GDP Growth by About 0.2pp in 2027, With a Drag More
Than Twice as Large if Market Rates Remained at Current Levels
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
markets / macro

- market direction: the trading environment is certainly NOT uncomplicated, but the primary trend clearly
remains higher, and the tactical setup is net positive. I say that for four core reasons: nominal GDP growth
is strong ... earnings growth is superb ... the flow-of-funds is supportive ... and the investment super cycle
continues apace. I expect that Q4 will remain choppy, but S&P will be higher on December 31st than it is
today.
- stocks and bonds: as argued last week, I view higher rates as a headwind, but not a wrecking ball. to be
clear, I don’t think that stocks are complacent about the risks -- again, the P/E multiple has fallen from 23x
to 19x over the past year. furthermore, you can clearly see impingement where you should (e.g. small cap,
homebuilders, utilities, REITs, biotech, non-profitable tech stocks). set against that, earnings have been a
bulwark -- again, the spread of interest rates vs the earnings yield of S&P has been notably steady. interest
rates matter, but so do profits. as we move forward, sustaining double-digit EPS growth -- alongside a
healthy credit market -- is the key to S&P absorbing more punches.
- don’t forget rule #1: don’t fight the Fed. with that said, there are tightening cycles, and there are
TIGHTENING CYCLES. on the latter, turn your history book to the chapter on 2022: the Fed went > 500
bps the hard way ... and while the economy staved off a recession ... stocks got killed. at the risk of being
too clever by half, however, I believe this market is very aware of what the interest rate strip prices today:
one more hike this year, and ~ two more hikes next year. if that is what the Fed ultimately delivers, I
expect that stocks will be able to tolerate it (this is where a $2tr budget deficit and $1tr of AI capex come
in uniquely handy).
- I find this very interesting: the forward P/E of the median AI infrastructure stock was 32x in April -- six
months later, it’s down to 22x. my point here: these companies are delivering, yet the market is
approaching them with a degree of sobriety that was missing in years like 1999, 2007 or 2021. again, I
expect more air pockets and volatility as the dollars stack up, but US mega cap tech continues to be both
the sword and the shield.
- odds-and-ends: the VIX is back within a point of YTD lows -- whether it’s the left tail or the right tail
that you worry about, the cost of convexity is not prohibitive. for what it’s worth, I don’t think volatility is
low in SPITE of the tensions within the market -- I think it’s low BECAUSE of them (high dispersion =
low correlation = low index vol). breadth: there’s no debate that it’s been very bad, but I remind myself
that narrowness has been a constant feature of this bull market for the past four years. valuation:
superficially, a 19x P/E on S&P seems like a highish level, and it indeed registers in the 76th percentile of
a data set that goes back to 1990; with that said, if you zoom into recent history, 19x is actually the dead
average of the past ten years.
GS Weekly Execution Insights:
- Following the SEC’s proposed rescission of Regulation NMS Rule 611 (often referred to as the Trade
Through Rule or Order Protection Rule), we studied on-exchange prints relative to the NBBO during the
continuous session. Year-to-date, on-exchange continuous session activity outside of the NBBO comprises
~3.8% of total share volume. In May, trades outside of the NBBO reached 4.2%, while in March the
percentage was down to 3.2%. These prints are likely attributable to intermarket sweep orders (ISOs), a

type of limit order used to execute trades immediately without waiting to check other venues for better
prices, and to erroneous trade throughs
- Over 64% of shares traded occur at the national best bid (NBB) or national best offer (NBO), suggesting
that many orders cross the full spread, while the other side of the trade captures the full spread. Only
~21% of on-exchange trades occur at the exact midpoint, though if one includes prints between the NBB
or NBO and midpoint, the percentage increases to ~32%.
Executions Relative to NBBO
STANDOUTS FROM YESTERDAY:
Flows: Our floor was a 4 on a 1-10 scale in terms of overall activity levels with overall flow skews benign
with LOs finishing slight net sellers driven by macro products while HFs finished slight net buyers driven
by tech. We are NOT seeing real signs of chasing, but reminder that US L/S net leverage is currently at its
lowest level since Apr ’25 (around “Liberation Day”) and approaching five-year lows in the 2nd
percentile. A continued index move higher is going to force investors to buy this tape
Chart of the day: While European equities showed larger sensitivity to credit, there have been fewer spill-
overs to US equities.
1-month correlation

Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
EARNINGS: EPS Pre: RPM, LW / Post: STZ
GS RATING AND CONVICTION LIST CHANGES:
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Source: Trade the News, Street Account, Bloomberg, GIR, GS GMD
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 6 Oct 2026.
