[Page 1]
GS US Daily Download
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, FICC & Equities
Wed 2 Sep 2026, 2:05am ET
Stat of the Day
ETF shorts now make up 10.2% of the US equity short book excl. Index products (vs. 10.7% at the end of
July), in the 2nd percentile vs. both the past year and the past five years.
Chart of the day
Macro & Industry Highlights
1. ISM Manufacturing — The ISM manufacturing index declined by 1.0pt to 54.6 in August, below
expectations, and the composition of the report was weak, with decreases in the new orders, production
and employment components. The S&P Global manufacturing PMI was revised slightly higher in the
August final reading. Despite the weaker signal from the ISM index, our manufacturing survey tracker
reached in August its highest level since April 2022, reflecting a modest improvement in regional
manufacturing surveys. Job openings increased by 89k to 7,271k in July from a downwardly-revised level
in June, roughly in line with expectations. After incorporating today’s data, our estimate of the jobs-
workers gap based on the JOLTS, Indeed, and LinkUp measures of job openings has rebounded slightly
over the course of the year and stands at 0.3mn in August. Nominal construction spending declined 0.5%
in July, below consensus expectations. We left our Q3 GDP tracking estimate unchanged at +2.7%
(quarter-over-quarter annualized).
Actionable GS Research Overnight
1. Semis Debates — The Goldman Sachs Communacopia and Technology Conference will take place in
San Francisco from September 8-11, and we look forward to participation from 32 global companies


[Page 2]
across Digital/AI Semis, EDA Software, Analog, SemiCap Equipment, Memory/Storage and IT Services.
Key Debate #1 — Digital Compute: What are the drivers of and constraints on AI infrastructure spending,
and how is competition shifting? Key Debate #2 — Semi Cap Equipment: What's the duration of the WFE
upturn, and how big could 2027 be? Key Debate #3 — Memory & Storage: What emerging factors are
impacting industry supply/demand, and what items are impacting valuations? Key Debate #4 — Analog:
Can end market trends sustain a broad cyclical recovery that lasts longer than expected, and what role will
pricing play? Key Debate #5 — EDA Software: Can the industry accelerate Its growth?
2. Robotaxi & AV Tracker — The number of miles between accidents for Waymo increased over the last
several months, while Tesla was more flattish and is at lower scale. With investor debates around how to
think through the safety of robotaxis vs. human drivers, we expect for investors to remain focused on how
Waymo and Tesla's total mileage between accidents evolves in the coming quarters. While the Tesla
Robotaxi app remains less scaled relative to other competitors — the DTC app has grown at a much faster
rate relative to Waymo. Since June 2026 — Tesla's Robotaxi app has continued to grow DD% on a MoM
basis — while also having a slightly higher session count/engagement rate for users of the app relative to
Waymo, per SensorTower. Waymo has more total app downloads than Tesla. That said, Waymo and the
Tesla Robotaxi app continue to have lower engagement (with session count utilized as a proxy) relative to
traditional rideshare platforms (i.e. Uber and Lyft) in the US.
3. DELL Results — DELL's F2Q27 EPS of $7.04 beat GS/consensus/guidance on stronger than expected
revenue in ISG (+89% yoy v. guidance for 75% growth) and notable strength in both CSG margins (7.6%
v. GSe 6.0%) and ISG margins (15.0% v. GSe 11.7%). First, durable enterprise IT hardware demand is
underpinned by data center modernization trends & growing agentic AI adoption. DELL raised its
traditional server (100%+ year-over-year growth v. 60% prior) & storage (mid-teens % year-over-year
growth v. MSD% prior) revenue outlook for F2027 on continued strong demand from its core base of
enterprise customers, who are (a) continuing to refresh an aging installed base of servers (1.2 mn 14G or
older servers in DELL's installed base) to drive operating efficiencies & protect from growing AI-related
security vulnerabilities; and (b) seeing net-new demand for data center infrastructure to support agentic
AI/inference workloads.
Market Update
US equities were lower on Tuesday, ending near worst levels as cyclicals lagged defensives amidst rising
yields/oil following the latest Iran escalation: SPX -71bps to 7631, NDX -129bps to 29,077, RTY -123bps
to 2920. 7 of 11 sectors closed in the red, with Energy +154bps and Utilities +85bps outperforming, as
Consumer Discretionary -189bps and Industrials -139bps fell. Cyclicals vs Defensives (GSP1CYDE,
-212bps) came under pressure, with August ISM Manufacturing (54.6) coming in below expectations
alongside the backup in yields. After the bell, DELL shares are indicated +8.4% higher following strong
EPS.
Calendar
07:00 PM Fed releases Beige Book, September meeting period.


[Page 3]
Earnings: Pre: BF. Post: AVGO, SNOW, HPE, NTAP, FIVE.
US Conferences: Communacopia and Technology Conference, San Francisco, 8-11 Sep (TMT); GS
Global Retailing Conference, New York, 14-15 Sep (Consumer); GS Industrials and Materials Conference,
New York, 2-3 Dec (Industrials); GS Financial Services Conference, New York, 8-9 Dec (Financials).
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, published 2 Sep 2026, 2:03 AM EDT.
