[Page 1]
 
It's Squeezed Liquidity That's Holding Stocks Back 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
TUESDAY, SEP 01, 2026 - 09:00 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Stocks are experiencing headwinds from squeezed liquidity and tightening financial conditions. 
In markets, it’s very easy to allow day-to-day events distract from the underlying trends. 
Stocks are lower today on a report that labor unions in Taiwan have threatened to go on strike, 
and sovereign yields are soaring. 
But it’s when the underlying drivers of stocks have weakened that negative news is primed to 
have a deeper or more prolonged impact. 
For the last the two to three months there has been a persistent decline in liquidity conditions. 
Excess liquidity, the difference between real M1 growth and economic growth, slumped into 
negative territory in early June. 
It operates with about three to six month lead, thus we are in the period where we’d expect to 
see it affect risk assets. 
 


[Page 2]
 
Rising inflation has eaten away at the money that would otherwise have been available to 
support economic growth and is instead supporting higher nominal economic growth. 
But it’s not just a squeeze on liquidity that has hindered stocks, financial conditions around the 
world have been steadily tightening for several months. Real rates have been rising globally, 
such that the annual change in the median real 10-year rate (deflated by CPI) is now positive 
and rising for the first time since late 2022. 
 
Real rates in the US had been rising for most of this year. The market was willing to give Kevin 
Warsh, as the new Federal Reserve chairman, a hawkish pass. 
Some doubt had crept in through August and real yields retraced somewhat, but Warsh at his 
Jackson Hole speech last week confirmed what the market had assumed: that he would not let 
inflation get out of control. 
With the availability of liquidity of falling and its price rising, it’s no great surprise stocks are 
chopping sideways. 
While this dynamic persists, they will continue to face resistance and, without the safety net of 
excess liquidity, are more exposed to negative headlines. 
A corrective selloff (~10%-15%) is on the cards, but a deeper drop is less likely as long as 
recession risk remains low. 
 
