[Page 1]
 
'Everything Changed' But Goldman Partner Says 
'Markets Didn't Care' 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
TUESDAY, SEP 01, 2026 - 07:20 PM 
Eight months of rips, all-time highs, de-grosses, drawdowns, factor massacres, and geopolitical 
whiplash, yet markets sit in the top decile of returns since 1929. 
 
Goldman Sachs partner Bobby Molavi’s latest note surveys a year that “felt like everything has 
changed… more than once” while the tape simply refused to break. 
A 250% rally since the COVID lows has now “overcome” a pandemic, two wars, oil at $140, 
inflation at 9%, rates at 5%, a regional banking crisis, commercial real estate, private credit, tariff 
wars, AI ROI panic, and whatever Liberation Day was. 
The machine keeps humming. September is here. The historically ugly stretch of a midterm year 
is next. 
Read what Molavi has to say below and decide for yourself whether this is resilience or the most 
well-advertised wall of worry in a generation. 
A year that has felt like everything has changed…more than once.  


[Page 2]
 
One that has flown by while also feeling like a lifetime.  
One that has been littered with rips, all time highs, de-grosses and drawdowns….and now 
enters the final stretch.  
It really has been a roller coaster first 8 months of the year...year to date returns healthy across 
all major indexes but a year that has featured a huge amount of theme/factor & sector 
headline/rotation/debate and volatility beneath the surface. August itself has seen…. macro, 
micro, idio/earnings, geopolitics, factor, thematic all collide in one month. We had Iran/US 
re-escalation…de-escalation and re-escalation…..we had Warsh not hiking and the bond market 
not liking it, then talking hawkish at Jackson hole and the bond market not liking it….we had US 
intervention on the Yen and then on Treasuries….we had a huge momentum draw down driven 
by Ai winner pain (Hynix chart the eye of the storm) then a momentum rip and then roll 
over….we had earnings and dispersion with Nvidia blockbuster print just one highlight…..we 
had plenty of issuance….we had elevated single stock/theme/factor/spread volatility….and we 
had a market that experienced the pain/risk of leverage after having benefitted from the joys of 
it.  
Earnings driven not multiple driven... Revisions have been unusually positive... 
 
In reality... every month this year has had its challenges... either mega deals or violent 
factor/sector rotations….beta chases and short squeezes as well as 
theme/macro/micro/political/geo political headlines risks throughout. A year where markets have 
managed to overcome every wall of worry to get to this point….and arguably, continue to hope 
for the best, in regards to some outstanding questions (AI Roi, rates trajectory, Iran/US and Oil 


[Page 3]
 
& consumer/inflation to name but a few). To that end…..zooming out….since march 2020 
(COVID lows) we’ve seen the SPX rally 250% and overcome…in no particular order….a global 
pandemic, Russia/Ukraine war, Iran war, Oil at $140, supply chain crisis, meme stock crisis, 
inflation at 9%, rates at 5%, JGB break out, de-dollarisation, regional banking crisis, silicon 
valley bankruptcy, commercial real estate ‘crisis’, software ‘crisis’, private credit ‘crisis’, 
government shut downs, deficit growth, multiple government changes, US credit rating 
downgrade, liberation day, tariff wars, stagflation fears, AI roi fear, narrowness and 
concentration fears, bubble fears….and these are just the things I can remember.  
Anyway...here we are... at the start of September and with global indexes up healthily and with 
Equities at the upper bounds of the top decile in relation to distribution of returns since 1929.  
Feels like you can compartmentalize things into big box....little box... 
●​ Big box – Ai (Ai value creation, Ai capex sustainability, Ai ROI, Ai disruption), 
Yields/rates/inflation, Iran/US conflict (geopolitical ramifications and Oil impacts) 
●​ Little box – positioning, narrowness, momentum, crowding, volatility, issuance, M&A, 
regional exposure, debasement 
To that end... a back to school quick fire round of what people seem to be discussing and 
focusing on…. 
Rates. 
Warsh hawkish tilt at Jackson hole has brought rate hike risks back to the table. 
The argument that “we must be confident that underlying inflation is moving to our objective, 
clearly and at sufficient speed… otherwise, we have work to do”. IF august CPI and PPI come in 
firmer than expected you have to believe odds of a Sept hike move higher. 


[Page 4]
 
 
At the same time the 10 year yield ticking higher. 
 
Debasement. 
Watching Gold and Bitcoin rip through August….as well as Debasement rocketing to the top of 
the google search charts…you have to wonder whether we are back to Liberation day thinking. 
US fiscal and $ weakness back at the forefront of investors minds. 
Debt levels have risen globally: Government debt as a percentage of GDP. Dotted line: GIR 
Economics forecast; Forecasts for 2024-2027 


[Page 5]
 
 
The treasury intervention (first with Yen and then with their own buyback program) a threat to 
bond sellers but also a sign of weakness.  
Costs of debt: Interest paid on public debt as a % of GDP and US 10-year Treasury Yield (%) 
 
AI. 
Token maxxing or token rationalisation. Frontier vs Open weight. US vs China. Regulation or 
innovation.  


[Page 6]
 
 
The debates around Ai continue…..both in relation to the value potential, who will own it and the 
costs associated with it in terms of disruption. We’ve already seen the shifts in focus from 
hyperscalers to power and compute to semis and memory to scarcity and bottleneck 
owners….and then back again. Of late we have seen more headlines around Open source 
catching up, (Llama, Phi, Gemma), China catching up (Kimi K3/Qwen) and risks of agent 
Hacking. 
 
The life cycle seems to be shifting from intelligence (Model) to harness & agents and finally 
inference, context and automation before finally having a fully trained specialist ‘co-pilot’ or 
‘second brain’. 


[Page 7]
 
Momentum. 
Post situational awareness ‘resolution’ we saw a momentum rebound and investors hoped for a 
return to normal for the most followed/tracked factor for a variety of strategies (including, 
increasingly, retail and passive). Instead the end of August saw a return of elevated volatility and 
weak headline performance.  
 
Friday saw GS high beta momo pair close back at ytd lows and post a -15% move over the last 
2 weeks. The speed of change (Pharma squeeze or Software rally back) making factor volatility 
trade at up to 9x the broader index in August….a stat only seen twice before….covid and Q4 
2020.  
 


[Page 8]
 
Iran/US. 
There just doesn’t seem to be an offramp here. 
US trying Economic outcast…with much fanfare but arguably no bite…and now resuming 
strikes. 
Oil remaining sticky high…and in effect Iran fighting a war of inflation and rate hike pressure on 
the US. 
Global oil inventories still set to reach historic lows if the strait doesn’t reopen soon. 
 
The markets may be able to overcome this with a combination of Ai and look through….but the 
consumer is feeling the pinch.  
Midterms. 
Going to be fascinating to watch how this unfolds. 
A shift to the left? A stick with the right? A shift in what polticians speak to? A second order 
impact on markets? 


[Page 9]
 
 
 
Already seeing some Datacenter/Midterms speak as politicians speak to the electorate.  
Politics. 
Following on from the midterm point above….we are seeing a big de-gross in France with 
multiple days of selling as investors right size exposure ahead of elections with range of 
outcomes that include far right and far left. We await the UK budget and what impacts that has 
on the UK and we are seeing. 
We have German state elections…a potential Xi visit to the US….elections in Brazil, Russia, 
Israel. Politics going to be a feature into year end.  
Natural gas. 
Remember Russia/Ukraine and when Europe traded on Nat gas prices? 


[Page 10]
 
 
Well Iran/US conflict carries on….LNG flows remain constrained….reserves aren’t where they 
need to be….and prices keep ticking higher. Coming off an aircon heavy summer we await what 
autumn and winter will bring in terms of temperature. Either way, once again Nat gas becomes 
extremely important for European sentiment and markets.  
Seasonals. 
Sept to Oct tend to be ugly seasonals….in fact….looking back through previous midterm 
years…August to October during a midterm year has an extremely bad track record. 
 


[Page 11]
 
Issuance. 
We’ve seen feast for much of 2026. Mega size IPOs – check. Mega size secondary sell downs – 
check. Mega size primary raises – Check. Global activity – check. In reality the world has been 
eager to finance the future….whether it be hyperscaler, Chips, Ai or Space. 
The Alphabet, Intel, Alibaba, Hynix deals…the SpaceX IPO….the Nvidia announced $500bn 
consortium backstopping GPU residuals…all examples to underline the point. That being said, 
there have occasional signs of indigestion around what has been huge and consistent supply. 
Whether it be deal name performance on the secondary side through august or certain IPOs 
breaking price…performance has become more mixed and appetite marginally more selective.  
M&A. 
A global theme in 2026 with cadence of larger deals above trend. 
What started as a corporate strategic year has broadened to include PE deployment. 
Beneath the surface you see a search for scale (banks/Asset mangers), you see product gaps 
being addressed (Tech), you see attempts at creating regional champions (European banks). 
Consumer. 
Thus far employment has held up and spending has remained healthy. 
There does seem to be a debate around a K shaped consumer where the top end are 
prospering (asset ownership, wage inflation) while the bottom end are feeling the squeeze (job 
security, inflation, cost of living). 
US consumer savings rate: pretty low vs last 50yrs. 


[Page 12]
 
 
Consumer warning signals: US consumer: sub-prime auto delinquencies continue to rise... 


[Page 13]
 
 
So far…the aggregate is enough to ‘make the maths work’ but higher for longer + Iran/US + Ai 
disruption creates risks.  
Flows. 
I would describe August as busier than usual. A bit one step forward one step back. Perhaps 
most interestingly…it didn’t feel healthy. Whether it was investor reactions to 
momentum….investor gross coming down….general sentiment around markets from here into 
year end….. or long short ratios grinding lower there was a jittery feeling to flows. 
We saw a marginal rotation into laggards and value (Europe benefitted)…we saw a more 
defensive tilt to our flows…..we saw Megacap over higher octane Ai plays. All in all best 
described as holding pattern…but I couldn’t say risk on.  
Positioning. 
So much cleaner than it was. Some of the froth has been removed. Leverage and Long/short 
ratios have come in for several large pools of capital. Retail chasing seems to have abated. I 


[Page 14]
 
wouldn’t describe people as underweight but I would say that we are now far less extended than 
we were in June. On top of that it feels like some broadening has taken place via 
regional/sectoral rotation and share price performance over the month of august.  
Running to standstill - the weight of AI-exposed equities in mutual fund portfolios continued to 
rise but failed to keep pace with benchmark weights. 
 
With all that in mind, Molavi concludes with a couple of more random thoughts... 
$1bn a day. 
The quarter that Nvidia just had by posting $96bn for the quarter….a mere 100% yoy beat. This 
backed up with a 2027 guidance that was +70% vs sell side estimates of +40 to 45%. All in all 
resulting in a 9% rally and a mere $400bn of market cap appreciation and contribution to the US 
indexes. Not a bad days work. Beneath the surface they talked to less that 1% of the earnings 
coming from China and a broadening effect with less single client risk - Huang himself talking to 
‘a golden age of new AI labs and startups, multiple frontier labs scaling in parallel”. What 
takeaways from this? 
Well… Ai capex isn’t going away anytime soon.  


[Page 15]
 
 
Throughout 2026 anxieties around sustainability have resulted in Nvidia lagging relative to 
others…in the short term these numbers pointed at continued demand and spend, continued 
growth, broadening and extreme profitability (Nvidia itself saying bottlenecks holding back its rev 
growth). What else was interesting in the numbers…..the M&A and clear tilt towards open 
source/openweight (Hugging face). The growing circularity of revenues/investments and an 
arguable shift from GPU maker to the central bank of AI…..and finally….and perhaps most 
interestingly….. A shift in business models from doing one thing well with deep vertical 
approach towards doing all things well. Think about a world where your chip manufacturer is 
also your silicon spinner…your foundry runner….your computer provider….your model 
creator….your api provider….your data storer…your software 
Softwaremeggedon/Saaspocalypse. 
Not long ago….Ai was goign to disintermediate software forever…that multiples had 
compressed forever….that business models were disrupted by vibecoded dashboards that 
could replicate expensive licenses and products for free.  
Well….maybe not everywhere. In reality we are probably still in the ‘too early to know’ how and 
where disruption will bite hardest in relation to software….but….as salesforce earnings perhaps 
point too…not all software, companies, products can be disintermediated easily (and without a 
fight). Large systems of record that hold valuable (and now via Ai ‘researchable’) data and are 
deeply embedded in companies processes…..and having been compliance, legal 


[Page 16]
 
approved….and worked through years of de-bugging and human adoption….are not going to be 
displaced quickly. 
When you couple that with the interesting decision taken by Salesforce to partner with Anthropic 
on Claudeforce….you perhaps see a nod to the future. The need to make yourself exposed to 
disruption to maintain market position. By allowing Claude to be the front end and arguably own 
the client while also being able to get a front row seat in user interaction, data, workflows and 
context he is risking his market position and his product value. At the same time….perhaps this 
is a bet on where the real value resides. The breadth and depth of their data, their embedded 
‘undisruptable’ position as ‘the ledger’ and a shift from being a lot to some of the market to the 
infrastructure in their segment for all of the market. Time will tell. 
Retail. 
Have this community moved from participant to price setter? How have retail flows and retail 
impacts affected the ability for segments of the market to carry fundamental work to fruition? Is 
the second order volatility created but retail muddying the waters and making the ‘wings’ too hot 
to handle? 
Reading about Korea and the new govt mandated tutorial ‘handbrake’ that has been applied 
after the Hynix/Kospi realized vol of 100 period…I think it is a fair question. Much has been said 
about retail engagement, gamification of markets, leverage beneath the surface….if nothing 
else 2026 serves as a proof point that the impacts retail trading - short term, reflexive and 
leveraged - can have on the rest of the market…as well as those that are tasked with investing 
with mid to long term returns in mind. 
Volatility as a signal. 
Digging into the above a bit more…..If i think about stocks, sectors, themes and market 
structure it seems like volatility has shifted from being a bad thing to being a good thing. Firstly 
you just need to look at Hynix implied vol or daily 5% plus moves in 2026 to see high vol and 
share price performance can be positively correlated. Then increasingly it seems that where vol 
appears performance follows....whether it was defence, semis, memory, nuclear, robotics...we 
have often seen an uptick in volatility...then a greater focus on the space/name....retail 
participation increases and then institutional momentum and finally share px momentum. The 
inverse has also been true in some spaces...whether it be bitcoin (remember when bitcoin was 


[Page 17]
 
'high vol'), if you look at year to date performance by sector and where the lower vol segments 
track.  
So to summarize, Molavi implies that if we zoom out, every crisis since March 2020 looks like 
another buying opportunity. 
Zoom in to September 2026 and the same questions are still unanswered: AI ROI, the rates 
path, Iran with no offramp, sticky oil, a K-shaped consumer, and whether retail has permanently 
broken the price-discovery process (see Korea’s new government “handbrake”).  
Positioning is cleaner. Leverage has come in. The froth has been skimmed. Seasonals from 
August to October in midterm years have an extremely bad track record. None of that has 
stopped the machine before. 
Hope remains the prevailing strategy. 
 
