[Page 1]
 
From 'Conflict' To 'Crowding Out', Global Bond 
Yields Soar To 2008 Highs 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
TUESDAY, SEP 01, 2026 - 09:15 PM 
As we detailed overnight, global bond yields climbed back to the highest level in almost two 
decades. 
The yield on a Bloomberg gauge of global sovereign bonds rose for a fourth straight session on 
Monday, climbing to 3.72%, the highest since mid-2008.  
 
As Goldman Sachs noted here, the yields increases are global, with the rate on 10-year 
Japanese government notes touched 3% for the first time since 1996, UK 30-year yields 
reached the highest since 1998, Aussie 10-yeay yields hit their highest since 2011, and the 
10-year Treasury rate hit levels last seen January last year.  


[Page 2]
 
 
“Markets are pricing in a higher path for short rates in the US, but also globally,” Idanna Appio, a 
portfolio manager and senior research analyst at First Eagle Investments, said on Bloomberg 
TV.  
“Investors are beginning to reassess what neutral policy rates look like and there has been a 
gradual increase in those.” 
However, as we previously noted, the selloff is about more than Fed policy. 
Investors were demanding a larger fiscal-risk premium for governments apparently incapable of 
cutting spending raising debt-sustainability concerns. 
JPMorgan's Rate specialist, Alexa Hanelin, flags a few things driving the move:  
(i) Middle East Conflict driving oil prices higher with no known end data. This is reflected in 
clients selling things such as butterflies, e.g., 2s5s7s or 5s7s10s. 
(ii) Warsh's commentary on savings moving to investment. The read through is that R-star aka 
the optimal real interest rate that keeps inflation stable with the economy at full employment is 
higher than is currently priced. This is reflected in valuations that are rich to fair value.  
(iii) The market adopting Trump’s view that ultimate form of bond market intervention is the 
military; meaning that long-end yield curve volatility is triggered by the Middle East Conflict / 
higher energy prices. 
But perhaps the most relevant in the short-term, the explosion of issuance by corporates (most 
notabnly hyperscalers) that is 'crowding out' soveriegns. 
As Goldman Sachs one-delta desk-head, Rich Privorotsky noted, the AI investment boom is 
both the equity bull case and the duration bear case. 


[Page 3]
 
The same AI capex and private sector issuance supporting earnings also compete with 
Treasury supply for a finite pool of savings.  
Treasury’s expanded buybacks temporarily helped the long end, but they have not changed the 
underlying direction (buybacks may have won the battle but not the war). 
[For Treasury, the sheer amount of duration supply forced onto the market, notably at the 
long-end, should be a concern]  
 
The flipside is that all this issuance is financing real investment and nominal growth… but likely 
some inflation as well.  
Warsh’s own “money matters” framing suggests the Fed may be less willing to stand back and 
assume supply will eventually solve the problem.  
For equities it's less the level of yields, it's more the rate of change that has historically hurt.  
Hard to get constructive on bonds unless we think AI investment boom leading to AI investment 
growth shock or if you think Warsh/Fed about to begin aggressive hiking cycle (flattener, curve 
will twist back might even rally).   
However, Privorotsky warns that in the short term, he doesn't think we can truly disassociate the 
rate market from the product/energy market: 
As Goldman Sachs noted, diesel remains at the epicenter of the rally, accounting for over 40% 
of the $40/bbl increase in average global refined product wholesale prices since February... 
Global exports of refined products declined 6mb/d (25%) year-over-year (yoy), with the Persian 
Gulf and Russia accounting for 75% of the decline... 


[Page 4]
 
 
Need more evidence: spot the difference between heating oil price and the 10Y Treasury yield... 
 
Finally, Seasonals may weigh on bonds too... 
Pressure on bonds is unlikely to ease, if seasonality is any guide. September and October have 
been the worst months for the global bond index over the last decade, with the gauge losing 
more than 1% on average in each of the two months during the period, according to data 
compiled by Bloomberg. 


[Page 5]
 
“The bond market is not imploding, but it’s sending a very clear memo that stickier inflation 
means higher for longer policy rates as the absolute minimum,” said Prashant Newnaha, senior 
Asia-Pacific rates strategist at TD Securities in Singapore. 
“I expect the market to continue selling off, fiscal deterioration and higher term premium are 
likely to remain front and center.” 
So, whether it be the rise in energy prices and the inflationary impulse (with no end date in 
sight), shifting sentiment towards saving, Trump's military-backed adventurism triggering rising 
bond volatility (and hence term premium), a larger fiscal risk premium, or 'crowding out' by 
corporate issuance (Hyperscalers), it is hard to see a reason for the rise in yields to stall anytime 
soon (outside of a sudden serious Volcker-esque tightening cycle from Warsh or global 
recession). 
“The direction of travel is going to be higher yields from here,” said Laura Cooper, global 
investment strategist at Nuveen. 
“Term premium likely has to be higher to compensate for this confluence of risks.”  
And, as Nomura's Charlie McElligott noted previously, gold is the release valve for all this... 
Professional subscribers can read all the full notes linked above here at our new Marketdesk.ai 
portal 
 
 
 
