[Page 1]
GS Stankard - Vol Views 2 Sep 2026
Robbie Stankard  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, FICC & Equities
Wed 2 Sep 2026, 11:33am ET
GS Vol Views – our periodic update on flows, ideas, and content from our derivatives desk. Open to
feedback so please let us know what might be most useful...
Overview: Even before the calendar officially flipped to September, clients started positioning for what we
anticipate will be an extremely busy fall.
Following the sharp vol reset, we have seen a bid for upside exposure in Tech across the single stock and
index space. That said, ahead of a seasonally more challenging period for equities and in the face of
renewed geopolitical tensions, there's also been a noticeable uptick in hedging. We are of the view that it is
sensible to pair optimistic tech views with portfolio hedges here, especially with near-term vol at these
levels.
A few more catalysts remain before Labor Day including earnings from AVGO, SNOW, HPE, ZS as well
as NFP on Friday. Implied move through the end of the week is 0.80%.
Micro:
I) Especially across TMT stocks, there are favorable entry points for upside expressions and/or stock
replacement given implied vols have meaningfully reset due to improved AI-sentiment and recent leverage
reduction / positioning unwinds. The NDX 'avg stock' implied vol has fallen ~20v since mid-July to near
YTD lows.
II) From both a vol and fundamental perspective, AMAT, MSFT, CDNS, and NOW stand out as attractive
upside opportunities heading into our GS Communacopia + Technology Conference next week.


[Page 2]
Trade Idea -- Buy AMAT Calls -- we remain constructive due to accelerating revenue growth into 2027,
margin expansion, and attractive valuation after recent dislocation (shares down -40% since June 30th).
AMAT Oct 520 Calls cost $8.75 (ref 438.09) and capture Communacopia and AMAT's October investor
day.
III) We like using IGV upside to fund SMH upside here. SMH 1m upside vol relative to IGV trades at one
of the lowest levels in 5+ years. Using options on baskets is an even more effective approach given
tailored compositions -- please reach out for specific implementations.


[Page 3]
IV) Outside of tech, consumer stocks have seen some exceptionally powerful selloffs (DKS, BURL,
ONON, TPR etc...), and while we have yet to see significant defense on our cash desk, some clients are
utilizing options to play for a bounce. Ex: DKS Sep 145 calls, cust bought 8.6k outright.
Macro:
I) Early in June, the implied vol spread between NDX and SPX was blown out. However, over the course
of the summer, we have seen a complete reversion with current levels now registering beneath the 5-year
average.


[Page 4]
Trade Idea -- Buy QQQ Calls -- for broad tech upside given vol looks cheap on a relative and absolute
basis. QQQ Sep 725 Calls cost $4.01 ref. 709.05 (27d / 2.8% move to breakeven).
II) We estimate that dealer gamma positioning is still very long at this node and gets longer to the
downside, providing a source of support at the index level.
III) That said, we've seen clients take advantage of low absolute vol levels to put on tactical portfolio
hedges -- adhering to the old adage: "Hedge when you can and not when you have to".
IV) Trade Idea -- Buy VIX Call Spreads -- we favor VIX as a book hedge here and have seen this idea
resonate across client types. VIX 21Oct26 20/30 Call Spread indicatively costs $1.00 (10x leverage).
V) Trade Idea -- Buy IWM Calls -- sitting on its 100dma owning upside feels like good risk-reward here
ahead of NFP given GS is below street consensus (+40k) with street whispers for an even lower number
that could prompt a bid to rate-sensitive pockets of the market. IWM 30Sep 300 calls cost $2.48 (ref
293.37, 30d).
VI) Large Brazil Nov/Dec upside continues to get lifted as investors secure right tail exposures in advance
of upcoming elections. Ex: EWZ Dec26 35/38 call spreads, cust bought 68,675x outright.
Light Exo:
I) Trade Idea -- Worst of Calls -- as a capital efficient way to retain exposure to the debasement theme.
GLD/IBIT/SPX dec26 103% worst of call at 0.95% (2.1% is cheapest vanilla). GLD/IBIT/SPX dec26
101% worst of call at 1.45% (3.1% is cheapest vanilla).


[Page 5]
II) Trade Idea -- Cross-Corridor Dispersion -- a good entry point to buy stock implied vol through the
weighted sum of individual variance swaps on each stock; sell index implied vol through a variance swap
on the index. Each time a stock goes out of its respective pre-defined range, both the Long Variance
component and the corresponding Short Index Variance unit will "pause" allowing the trade to be Vega
Neutral at any given point in time.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities as of 2 September 2026.
