[Page 1]
GS Crook - GS MORNING 1) Adam Crook's Latest, 2) JPY
Update, 3) AI Back in Focus, 4) Week Ahead and 5) GCEM
Symposium 7 Sep 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC Sales / Macro
Mon 7 Sep 2026, 4:31am ET
Highlights from GS Research, Sales and Trading: 1) Adam Crook’s Latest, 2) JPY Update, 3) AI Back in
Focus, 4) Week Ahead and 5) GCEM Symposium
1) ADAM CROOK – Connecting you to GS: Thoughts from The Floor - LINK
Key Questions: Is the path of least resistance in Rates for higher yields from here – If not, what changes
the current path? Fresh highs for TTF – What’s the base-case in to Winter, what’s the right tail + how
could this impact inflation? Post Payrolls, where does Sep + beyond Fed pricing move under different CPI
+ PPI outcomes next week? How do JGBs stabilise – Will the BoJ accelerate tightening or are there other
measures policymakers will implement? What is positioning like in popular Emerging Markets Trades,
how much has been cut, and is there value starting to appear now in some trades?
See below summarised views from GS Senior Thought leaders on US Rates, as we approach a critical CPI
print, ahead of the September FOMC.
ANSHUL SEHGAL (CO-HEAD OF FICC): We've got two starkly different reads from Chairman Warsh
and Governor Waller. So, it's a bit of a coin-toss in terms of whether they hike this cycle or not.
As Chairman Warsh said, there are parts of the economy that are clearly in recession, housing, for
example, and there are parts of the economy that are booming, AI CapEx, for example. We don't expect
the Fed to engage in a full blown hiking cycle. The 1y1y rate currently sounds about right
This is not a rate story. It is not a consumer spending story. It is not a story that should affect equities away
from the AI names. By and large, the economy is on cruise control and it's doing fine. The way we're
looking at it is a short duration position mainly in the belly, more than the long end. The long end's got its
own dynamics. A short duration position in the belly pairs well with long risk assets. And we really like
the broader long risk assets trade a fair bit here, given the CapEx that is earmarked for the next 12 months
plus the fiscal.
BRANDON BROWN (US TREASURY TRADING): After a strong payroll report, September meeting
sits at 15 bps priced. Given Waller emphasized the next round of inflation data will drive his vote, sitting
near 50/50 priced makes sense heading into next week’s data. In our view, we are likely to see another
divided Committee, especially if the inflation data comes in soft and we see another hold. The bar for a
hike vs a hold is probably about 25bps core PCE based of the pass thru from PPI and CPI. Moving out the
curve, the market prices a bit above 60bps by the middle of 2027. In our view, it is unlikely we see more


[Page 2]
than 3 hikes in the near term even if the data is hot and therefore think scaling into front end longs into
back-ups can make sense.
2) JPY Update
FX STRATEGY (TRIVEDI/CAHILL) : JPY rallied by about 3% over the course of a couple trading days,
likely in part due to the rising probability of domestic policy shifts that could meaningfully strengthen the
Yen, as well as the higher perceived risk of intervention following a possible “rate check” on September 2.
Shortly after the July-August intervention, we asked “can this time be different?” as the size and scope of
operations sent a powerful signal to markets.
We noted that the fundamental reasons for currency weakness—i.e., expansionary fiscal policy alongside
only gradual rate hikes, resilient US growth, and constructive risk sentiment—had yet to change. But we
also highlighted that a faster pace of BoJ hikes or signs of rotation back towards Japanese assets could
keep the Yen stronger for longer even without a shift in the global macro backdrop. Since then, Governor
Ueda has essentially confirmed market pricing of a September BoJ hike. There has also been growing
speculation that Japan’s public pension fund (GPIF) will shift its allocation targets to favor domestic
assets, following reports in mid-July of the administration’s focus on encouraging such flows. While there
have been no signs of rotation among typically unhedged investors in the official data, it will be worth
watching over the coming months. The International Transactions in Securities (ITS) data for August,
which offers investor-level detail on foreign asset flows, will be released on September 7 (7:50pm NY). It
is likely too early to see much shift, but we would expect to see the flows come before any official
confirmation. In 2020, the new targets that raised the allocation towards foreign bonds was officially
announced at the end of March, after outsized outflows began in January and February (Exhibit 1).
Taken together, the case to be tactically long JPY has strengthened (despite the risk of some pullback after
a sharp move). But the clearer improvement in asymmetry over a longer horizon now makes short
USD/JPY a more attractive hedge for pro-risk portfolios than it has been in a long time. For much of the
past year, domestic policy has been a growing source of downward pressure on the Yen; for several years
before that, the JPY-negative global macro backdrop mattered most. While the global backdrop is still a
headwind for the Yen and should remain so without the emergence of growth concerns, Yen-supportive
domestic policy shifts should be more impactful after being the primary source of downside. We do worry
that the growing anticipation of inflows may be quickly disappointed. Of course, they may not occur as we
have highlighted the less compelling investment calculus, but, even with a shift, it will probably be slower
moving. We also acknowledge that the shift in front-end rates has now raised the bar for the BoJ to deliver
a hawkish outcome this month. That said, officials have reportedly suggested some “flexibility” on the
pace of hikes thereafter, and if Governor Ueda uses similar language in the press conference, that should
be enough to sustain the move. More broadly, the overarching point for us is that Japanese policymakers
appear to be focused on pulling the available levers to attract capital inflows, and there is plenty of
capacity to conduct additional interventions to further reduce JPY short positioning along the way. That
leaves us open-minded to the possibility that the right conditions could gradually align for the Yen’s
significant undervaluation to erode over time, because this is how it would start.


[Page 3]
TOKYO FICC STRATS (SUN MO KOO/YUSUKE OCHI): Market pricing for BoJ rate hikes has surged
to levels with limited room for further hawkish repricing in the near term. Recently, hawkish rhetoric—
such as U.S. Treasury Secretary Bessent's public endorsement of Japanese policy normalization and BoJ
Board Member Takata's refusal to rule out consecutive or larger rate increases—has driven up rate hike
pricing. However, the most recent media reports indicating the central bank is likely to hike 25 by bps in
September and subsequently evaluate economic impact have capped more aggressive hawkish scenarios.
With 1y1y near 2.2% as of 3Sep EOD—implying a 25 bps hike roughly every four months toward a
terminal rate of ~2.25%—current market pricing assumes the terminal rate near upper range of neutral rate
estimate. Moving short-end rates higher from current levels would require fresh macro catalysts, upside
inflation surprises, or a sharp breakout in USDJPY.
Market participants are highly focused on whether and when the GPIF will reallocate capital back into
domestic assets. Expectations have heightened following the announcement of Management Committee’s
irregular meeting held on August 21 to review the fund's strategic portfolio framework. However, our view
remains that a material change in market conditions is required to justify an allocation overhaul,
particularly given the pushback happened just a few weeks ago. Among potential catalysts—higher
domestic yields, lower foreign yields, or heightened FX volatility—higher domestic yields represent the
clearest and most justifiable trigger. Considering GPIF’s mandated investment target of nominal wage
growth + 1.9%, under very rough assumptions (2%–3% inflation, 1% real wage growth, and a 5% equity
risk premium), we view a 10y JGB yield at ~3.5% as the level that would decisively incentivize GPIF
repatriation into domestic bonds and equities, though political pressure may encourage signalling
allocation adjustments in advance to temper market volatility.”
CHART 1: GPIF Asset Allocation


[Page 4]
Source: Marquee PlotTool Pro as of 04 Sep 2026, past performance is not indicative of future returns,
access plot HERE
CHART 2: Front-End Swap Pricing
Source: Marquee PlotTool Pro as of 04 Sep 2026, past performance is not indicative of future returns,
access plot HERE
3) US EQUITY DERIVATIVE SALES (COPPERSMITH) – AI Back in Focus - LINK
BOTTOM LINE: A lot of investors seem to be holding their breath for what next week’s inflation data
might bring, but the latest on the AI front may be more important for stocks. The release of OpenAI’s
Astra model, lighter positioning and a big round of micro updates - headlined by our marquee
Communacopia + Technology Conference - make for a pretty interesting setup... All with the SPX straddle
for the upcoming week at ~1%. On the macro front, our research team has flagged that further increases in
risk appetite likely need lower rates more than stronger growth expectations; link. Our Risk Appetite
Indicator’s growth component is already near the top of its post-COVID range, while the monetary policy
component remains negative. Lower energy prices with a reopening of the Strait of Hormuz, alongside
further progress on US inflation, would be a friendly combination (i.e. more Goldilocks pricing). But with
a decent amount of growth optimism already embedded across assets, there is less room for growth
disappointments or another negative geopolitical shock.
Key charts below.
CHART 1: VXSMH - a proxy for semiconductor implied volatility - has fallen from roughly 65 in July to
36. Nearly cut in half, and back toward where we started 2026.


[Page 5]
Source: Bloomberg
CHART 2: Put-call skew on the average S&P stock is still very flat, near the lows of the last three years
Source: GS FICC and Equities


[Page 6]
CHART 3: Our Tech Long/Short Momentum pair has now seen a ~50% drawdown since the late-June
highs
Source: Bloomberg
4) Week Ahead Previews
Hungary CPI (Tuesday): We expect headline CPI inflation to remain broadly stable at +1.2%yoy
(consensus: +1.4%yoy; MNB (June): +1.8%yoy), remaining below the MNB’s +3.0% +/- 1pp tolerance
band for the fourth consecutive month (sixth since the start of the year). Source
Buyback Schedule (Wednesday): The US Treasury begins expanded buybacks of longer-dated bonds.
Through Nov. 4. Source
ECB (Thursday): GS: 2.50%, Consensus: 2.50%, Last: 2.25%. Source
US PPI (Thursday): GS: +0.4%, Consensus: +0.4%, Last: flat. Source
BoJ Speaker (Thursday): BOJ Policy Board Member Kazuyuki Masu speaks in Fukui. Source
NBH Speakers (Thursday): Hungarian central bank Governor Mihaly Varga and Finance Minister Andras
Karman give speeches at an economists’ conference in Eger, Hungary. Source
CBRT (Thursday): GS: +37.00%, Consensus: +37.00%, Last: +37.00%. Source


[Page 7]
CPI (Friday): GS: +0.23%, Consensus: +0.2%, Last: +0.2%. Source
5) GS Virtual Global Macro Symposium
GS Currencies & Emerging Markets invite you to our Bi-Annual Virtual Macro Conference taking place
on 14th, 15th + 16th September. Two sessions per day, commencing at 8am EST / 1pm BST, each one will
last approx 30 mins (one hour per day).
We are delighted to have participation from pre-eminent external speakers:
Loretta J Mester: Former President & CEO of the Cleveland Fed
Michael Singh: Managing Director of the Washington Institute
Sarah Guo: Founder of Conviction & Co-Host of the ‘No Priors’ AI & Start-up Podcast
Jonathan Martin: Politics Bureau Chief & Senior Political Columnist at Politico
The conference will also include GS thought-leaders, with participation from Ashok Varadhan, Jan
Hatzius, Jared Cohen, George Lee, Tony Fratto, Alec Phillips, Dom Wilson, Allison Nathan; as well as
risk-views from GS Trading Leadership across products.
Registration allows you to generate a calendar invite as a placeholder
Registration Link: https://goldmansachs.brandlive.com/GCEM-Symposium-September-2026


[Page 8]
Password (Case Sensitive): GCEM2026
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 7 September 2026.
