[Page 1]
GS Duttenhoefer - Duttenhoefers Daily 7 Sep 2026
Johannes Duttenhoefer  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Equity Sales / Europe
Mon 7 Sep 2026, 2:07am ET
S&P -38bps @7718 (+13% ytd) after a strong jobs report (162k vs 55k); rising oil prices and the Fed
debate did not help; markets are now pricing a 60% probability of a Fed rate hike in Sep; US 10yr at
4.78%, Brent $97; Gold $4403 and Bitcoin $80k; ongoing Iran headlines over the weekend; Germany´s
AfD wins Saxony-Anhalt state election but falls short of majority; US markets closed today (Labour Day);
our big Tech conf starts in San Fran tmrw; Apple event (Wed), ECB rate decision (Thu) and US inflation
in focus (Friday).
Trump: said to cut off trade with countries that have surpluses with the U.S. unless the Federal Reserve
cuts interest rates; “each point in interest in this country that we pay costs us $650bn. We should be at 1%
or a half a %. We shouldn’t be at 4%.”.
ECB: rate decision on Thursday; expect a 25bps hike (fully priced); focus will be on the updated staff
projections and Lagarde’s comments on the policy outlook; we think that Sep is the last hike of this
tightening cycle given our forecast for below-trend H2 growth, modest further core pressures, our forecast
for lower energy prices than currently implied by forwards, and no Fed hikes.
Apple: launch event on Wed could be one of its biggest in years; Apple’s first event with John Ternus as
CEO; will likely feature the first models in Apple’s iPhone 18 lineup; could include the long-rumored
foldable “iPhone Ultra; a good preview
Samsung: we hosted investor meetings in US/Canada; mgmt reiterated its view of 2027 memory supply
being tighter than 2026 with tightness to persist in 2028; memory demand fulfillment rate being at only
around a 60% level; LTA discussions are progressing well with better visibility and more efficient
investment decisions compared to past cycles (could account for 60-70% in the future); saw a 26%/78%
yoy growth in R&D expense in 1Q26/2Q26.
Interesting: hyperscaler bond issuance is expected to surge to $320bn this year; as % of Treasury bond
issuance, this is estimated to rise to a record ~70% which would be more than double the 30% recorded in
2025 and nearly 9x larger than 2024 levels. (BBG); here our AI related financing report from July:
Germany: Apollo highlighting that Germany has the least-funded pension system of any major advanced
economy; funded pension assets are just 7% of GDP (vs 149% in Sweden or 185% in Canada); the
pension reform could channel 2% of salaries into long-term savings, 1% from employers and 1% from
employees; could reach around €90 billion annually once fully implemented, roughly 2% of German GDP.
Gold: Dutch central bank shifted 86 tonnes of gold out of New York/Canada toward Amsterdam/London;
the NY share of Dutch gold is now 18% vs 31% before.
Tesla: started Cybercab robotaxi rides in Austin on Friday; Tesla’s robotaxi fleet has reached 1m
unsupervised autonomous miles.


[Page 2]
Anthropic: signed $517bn compute capacity contracts over the past 11 months; deals include 10yr
agreements with Amazon and Google worth >$300bn and major contracts with Microsoft, SpaceX, and
nScale.
Semis at our Tech conference: we will host 32 companies from the Semis space; Jim presents his views on
the top debates on the landscape
asset allocation: we remain tactically neutral across assets for 3m and modestly pro-risk for 12m, with
Overweight equities, Neutral bonds, commodities and cash, and Underweight credit; sustained, healthy
earnings growth should support equity outperformance versus bonds and credit over 12m, although returns
are likely to slow as earnings growth and revisions peak; near-term volatility could rise amid rates
volatility, seasonal weakness, US midterm elections and broader geopolitical risks, pointing to staying
invested, buying dips and mitigating risk through diversification and selective overlay hedges.
Bitcoin: CLARITY Act is scheduled for a procedural floor vote on 15 Sep; with lawmakers in session for
only 14 days in Sep before adjourning again in Oct, any failure to advance the bill would likely push its
prospects into the post-election lame-duck session before expiry on 3 January 2027.
real estate: we hosted 37 corporates including CEOs, real estate private equity and debt investors; capital
remains available for attractive opportunities, however hurdle rates have increased on the equity side; the
wall of refinancing for 2026 has gone well, with strong activity in the bond markets and several forms of
financing; expect funding requirements to potentially dramatically increase in Europe over the next few
years.
Chart of the Day: Sharp reversal in Gold positioning.


[Page 3]
Source: Haver Analytics; Goldman Sachs; past performance is no indicator for future performance.
