[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 7 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Equity Sales / US
Mon 7 Sep 2026, 1:59am ET
Stat of the Day
Semis volatility in particular has seen a dramatic reset, in what has been a painful stretch for long-vol
positions. VXSMH - a proxy for semiconductor implied volatility - has fallen from roughly 65 in July to
36. Nearly cut in half, and back toward where we started 2026.
Chart of the day
Macro & Industry Highlights
Rates - Global yields remain at or near recent highs as ongoing energy price risks limit the potential ability
for sustainable broad relief. The move higher in yields has not been accompanied by a significant move
higher in rates volatility, however, making it harder to argue that non-fundamental factors have driven the
move. We think it will take a change in view on the fundamentals—cyclical resilience, inflation risks,
fiscal policy, or AI debt supply—to provide lasting relief. The recent stretch of Fedspeak appears to have
succeeded in restoring the front-end as the primary point of response in the US, but a final verdict on
September pricing still rests with next week’s inflation news. We think there are multiple routes to 5s
outperforming on the US curve—our preference is for 5s10s steepeners amid greater two-way risks around
front-end curve shape. Ongoing upside risks to European gas prices still pose risks to the European and
UK front-ends, despite a relatively high hurdle for the ECB or BoE to out-hike market pricing. This shifts
the risk reward away from UK steepeners. We continue to think European duration will be somewhat more
protected by the ECB’s reaction function, but Gilts will remain tethered to energy prices via both monetary
and fiscal policy. The confluence of a hawkish BoJ reassessment and optimism around the demand
backdrop has shifted JGB curve behavior towards stronger flattening. We think front-end receive positions
are a useful overlay to flatteners given how far BoJ pricing has run.
Actionable GS Research Overnight


[Page 2]
Oil E&Ps - With this note, we update estimates for select oil E&Ps, including TALO, MUR, MGY and
APA. In particular, we highlight attractive risk/reward for Buy rated Talos as we see shares trading at a
13% FCF yield on our average 2027/2028 estimates relative to peer average of 10% (peers include APA,
MUR, OXY). We highlight three reasons for our positive view on the shares despite LTM strong
performance (+74% vs. XOP +45%). First, we hold a constructive view on the strategic direction of the
business, as we see TALO continuing to execute on its three pillared strategy and the company has
broadened its exploration and development program at a low capital entry cost, including the recent entry
into Honduras. Second, TALO's commitment to capital returns and a strong outlook for incremental share
repurchases in 2H26. Third, TALO continues to optimize its core position in the GoA through incremental
efficiencies and cost savings. We see more upside skew than downside skew to TALO shares and see 16%
upside potential with our raised price target of $20 at our mid-cycle price of $75/bbl Brent oil.
Victoria’s Secret - VSXY beat 2Q earnings and raised FY26 guidance. In the quarter, comps came in
slightly ahead of FactSet consensus expectations (+9.0% vs. consensus at +8.8%), though based on
conversations fell short of elevated investor expectations. Earnings outperformance was strong, with
adjusted EPS of $0.95 vs. consensus at $0.77 and adjusted EBIT margin expanding 390bps to 7.7%. While
FY26 guidance was raised, the increase was more modest than the magnitude of the quarter's upside as
management elected to reinvest a portion of outperformance into marketing and customer acquisition
initiatives. We see the company's reinvestments as strategic and appropriate. A meaningful portion of
recent outperformance is being reinvested in marketing and customer acquisition initiatives, including the
Fashion Show, the newly implemented Angels Among Us docuseries, paid search, and social media
investments. While this is contributing to a softer-than-expected 3Q profit outlook.
Cybercab - Tesla hosted a Cybercab launch event for the media on September 3rd in Austin, and is now
offering robotaxi rides in the Cybercab per posts on X. Tesla commented that is has now completed 1
million miles of unsupervised robotaxi operation. The company emphasized the low cost of Cybercab,
aided in part by using its unboxed manufacturing approach and camera-only sensor stack. In addition,
Cybercab offers usability features, including media and movie integration, and disability focused features
such as braille. We continue to believe that Cybercab will position Tesla well to operate with an attractive
cost structure. If Tesla is able to meet its cost targets for Cybercab of $20K to $30K USD at scale, we
estimate that it could equate to a $0.05 to $0.30 per mile cost benefit vs. competitor AVs assuming a $50K
to $100K upfront cost (assuming no difference in miles over the useful life of the vehicle). Importantly, we
think the key factor to monitor for Tesla's robotaxi business in the near to medium term is on the software
side rather than vehicle cost, and specifically whether Tesla's more generalized approach to AI allows it to
scale quickly (and potentially operate in a wider area than competitors). We believe this is a larger driver
of the business economics (e.g. more revenue potential, and leveraging the cost structure over more miles).
CALENDAR
US Labor Day holiday observed. There are no major economic data releases scheduled. NYSE will be
closed, SIFMA recommends bond markets remain closed.
Earnings:


[Page 3]
Pre: /
Post: /
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, published 7 Sep 2026.
