[Page 1]
GS Pasquariello - markets macro 7 Sep 2026
Tony Pasquariello  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities / Markets
Mon 7 Sep 2026, 11:08am ET
with a touch of distance from the screens, here's a short set of market developments that caught my eye
during the past week:
1. point-to-point, it was a decent summer, and the primary bull trend remains intact. from Memorial Day
through Labor Day, US equities performed fine: cap-weighted S&P +4%, equal-weighted S&P +7%. as
has been the case all year, however, each month was its own distinct ecosystem. furthermore, a snapshot of
index-level returns totally obscures some tumult beneath the surface of the market, as the momentum
factor was properly upended. it's here I'll note that our TMT momentum pair just printed its worst two
months on record (and has been halved since the highs of June).
2. looking ahead, we're entering into a stretch that is very catalyst rich: central bank binaries (could the
BOJ go 50 bps; will the Fed go at all) ... a midterm election cycle (which typically brings a firming of
volatility over the next two months) ... ongoing, if constrained, kinetic warfare in the SoH (as European
gas and refined products keep pushing higher) ... to say nothing of the remarkable step changes in applied
innovation and historic capital markets activity.
3. as you've no doubt heard by now, September tends to be the single worst month of the year for US
equities (and midterm election years are particularly iffy). regarding the near-term, here's what's coming to
a macro theater near you: the UST will announce buyback sizes on Wednesday ... then we get PPI on
Thursday ... followed by a pivotal CPI on Friday. alongside this, I'll be watching ORCL earnings on
Thursday and our landmark TMT conference.
4. despite all that lies in front of us, a bright-and-shining feature of the current landscape is low implied
volatility (we walked out of the office on Friday with the VIX sitting just above YTD lows). to say it
again: whether it's a micro or a macro risk, whether you want to throttle up or throttle down, the cost of
owning options is certainly NOT prohibitive right now.
5. when stepping back from the day-to-day noise, it's hard not to be a little contemplative about the
trajectory of US debt and deficits. while these concerns have washed in and out of market focus for several
years -- and there are some opposing arguments worth considering -- the fact is the underlying math has
only deteriorated. now, as distinct from past occurrences -- notably the one that took place in late 2023 -- I
find it interesting that the current episode has NOT seen a marked increase in interest rate volatility. in the
end, I come out here where I came out on the prior point: collect some cheap convexity when the market
offers it to you.
6. on the Fed: however you choose to characterize what was said over the past two weeks, the core of the
committee appears to be highly data dependent, which suggests this week's news will seal the decision for
next week. away from the will-they-or-won't-they obsession with September FOMC, the bigger question


[Page 2]
for stock operators to confront is whether a sustained hiking campaign is set to unfold or not. to be sure,
the house view is the Fed will be sitting on their hands for a while longer.
7. on Iran: a seemingly unsustainable situation ... sustains. recent weeks have seen elements of escalation,
yet the boundaries seem fairly well defined. on one hand, if you were to simply observe the price of TTF
(+150% YTD), time is still very much the enemy. with that said, this surprised me: accounting for dark
crossings, total oil exports through the Persian Gulf are running at 15-16mm bpd, which is about 2/3 of
where things stood before the war (link). furthermore, whether you agree with it or not, the pattern of fact
is this: stocks more or less moved on from Iran as a primary variable at the end of March.
8. speaking of things that surprised me, Q2 saw $99bn of fundraising for private credit strategies, which is
a record high (link).
9. speaking of out-of-consensus developments: heading into last week, the software sector had
outperformed NDX for five straight weeks, which was the best streak in the COVID / post-COVID era
(and today sits only 12% from the highs). the profound shift in recent months has not only been a
challenging of the hypothesis that software is a guaranteed AI loser, but there's now an argument that
certain companies will be selective, structural AI winners (notably in the security space). once again, 2026
has proved that humility and open-mindedness are virtues in a world that's moving so exceedingly fast.
10. 2026 has also demonstrated the value of managers who can move their feet well. it's here I'll note that
fundamental long/short hedge funds are up 14% YTD. another example: systematic long/short funds are
up 17% YTD, and just recorded their best month of the year (link). given the tumult in the momentum
factor, I find hedge fund performance to be notably impressive. furthermore, given the continued loss of
insurance value from the bond market, I'd argue that hedge funds offer critical ballast to a portfolio of
risky assets.
11. Japan. amidst all the bump-and-grind of recent months -- and contemplation of a 50 bps hike, a clip
size that's been unthinkable in the past 45 years -- TPX is up 12 of the past 13 sessions. I continue to find
price action in the banks to be as interesting as any sector on planet Earth (witness the recent breakout to
levels not seen since 1996).
12. I'm going to follow up this week with a take on where things stand in the AI narrative, but for the
moment (and very much from a generalist perspective), here's what I'd say of GPT-6 Astra: it both
strengthens AND simultaneously endangers the short-term bull case. while I didn't read anything last week
that undercuts the underlying AI demand story -- if anything, both capability and spend are accelerating --
the drumbeat of concern around governance, politics and power provision is only growing louder.
13. I'm also going to follow up this week with a framework for market direction, but here's an instinct
going in: given tricky seasonals and a shift in supply/demand technicals, I expect the near-term path will
be choppy and risk/reward is neutral at best; once we move past the midterms, however, the path of least
resistance favors a rally through year-end.
14. for the road. this is a non sequitur ... and possesses zero value for navigating the tactical environment
... but, with full credit to a client, this was the single most interesting chart sequence that I saw in recent


[Page 3]
weeks. the first is the forward P/E of S&P; the second is forward profit margins. it's here that I'll note the
ratio of the first over the second is approaching the lows of post-tech bubble era, levels only seen in the
depths of the US and European financial crises:
Source: Bloomberg as of 7 Sep 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
