[Page 1]
7 September 2026, 00:26 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Strong US jobs data likely to tip the balance for 
the Fed
UBS House View -
Daily Asia
Min Lan Tan, Head Chief Investment Office APAC, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Kiran Ganesh, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Vincent Heaney, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Leslie Falconio, Head of Taxable Fixed Income Strategy, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
David Lefkowitz, CFA, CIO Head of US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Kurt Reiman, Head of Fixed Income, Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
From the studio
Podcast: Jump Start | We now see Fed hiking twice this year (5 mins)
Video: 4 reasons to take a closer look at Taiwan equities (5 mins)Video:
Post-Jackson Hole: why we think the Fed keeps rates on hold (4 mins)
Thought of the day
What happened?
Expectations for a more hawkish Federal Reserve intensified on Friday after 
data showed US job creation accelerating in August. Non-farm payrolls 
increased by 162,000, of which private payrolls contributed 127,000, 
compared with consensus expectations for 55,000. Positive revisions added 
a further 55,000 jobs to prior months, lifting the three-month average 
increase in private employment to 75,000, above estimates of the 0-60,000 
breakeven range needed to keep the unemployment rate stable.
Hiring was also broad-based across industries, while the unemployment 
rate remained at 4.1% as job creation was offset by increased labor force 
participation.
The data comes after the personal consumption expenditures measure of 
inflation for July beat expectations, rising 3.7% on the year. It also follows 
more hawkish comments from Fed Chair Kevin Warsh at Jackson Hole. 
Investor attention will now shift to the August consumer price index report, 
due on 11 September, which is the final major data release before the Fed’s 
policy meeting on 15-16 September.
Investors responded to Friday’s data by increasing expectations for near-
term Fed tightening. Market-implied odds of a September rate hike rose 
from around 50% to approximately 60%. Two-year US Treasury yields 
initially increased, while the US dollar strengthened. The response from 
equities was relatively muted, with the S&P 500 falling 0.4% on Friday.
What do we think?
 
What to watch: 7 September
• German industrial output for July
• UK house prices for August
This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG London Branch, UBS Financial 
Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 7


[Page 2]
Daily Asia
Our previous base case was for rates to remain unchanged through 
2026. However, hawkish communication, rising inflation risks from supply 
bottlenecks, and August labor data have come in strong enough to change 
that call:
First, Warsh sharpened the policy debate at Jackson Hole, saying that 
underlying inflation must be moving toward the Fed’s 2% objective 
“clearly and at sufficient speed." He emphasized six-month and 12-month 
measures, and this week’s inflation data will likely leave core trends above 
3%.
Second, supply bottlenecks have arguably increased upside inflation risks 
since the last Fed meeting. Worsening supplier-delivery times in the latest 
ISM and PMI surveys will likely reduce policymakers’ confidence that 
inflation will return to target quickly enough. In the recent inflation data, 
there have been emerging signs that AI-related demand pressures could be 
broadening as well.
Third, employment demand remains firm and economic activity is holding 
up. The activity data, job growth trends, and GDP growth tracking are 
strong enough to suggest that policy is not restrictive, reducing confidence 
that inflation will continue to move lower without higher rates.
Finally, market-implied odds of a September hike have risen back above 
60% ahead of the blackout period before the next Fed meeting. An early 
August Financial Times article citing sources close to Warsh indicated that 
he would be 'prepared to hike' if 'markets ratchet up their expectations.
We now expect the Fed to raise interest rates twice in 2026, in September 
and December by 25bps in each case, taking the federal funds target range 
from 3.50-3.75% today to 4.00-4.25%. Monthly core inflation prints closer 
to 0.3% in 2H26, with a growing share of items rising over 3% would 
support a three-hike path. However, if inflation readings through October 
average below 2% annualized and bring the six-month annualized inflation 
rates below 2.5%, it’s possible the second hike is postponed.
The economic growth effects of two rate hikes should be fairly modest, and 
we still expect growth to stay near trend as tailwinds from AI capex should 
continue. Friday's labor report supports the case for solid 2H consumption 
with better overall wage income growth. The Fed's models suggest that 
two hikes would create only a few tenths of a percentage point of growth 
drag.
We have raised our forecasts for US Treasury yields: we forecast 2-year 
yields will trade at 4.25% by June 2027, 100bps higher than our previous 
forecast, and 10-year yields will trade at 4.5%, only 40bps higher than 
our prior forecast based on the assumption that Fed hikes also bring some 
stability to the back end of the yield curve.
How do we invest?
From an investment perspective, we think the key question is not simply 
whether the Fed hikes or holds, but the backdrop against which the 
Fed acts. A rate hike accompanied by slower-than-desired progress on 
disinflation while economic growth indicators remain solid has different 
implications to a hike accompanied by persistent inflation alongside muted 
growth.
The August labor report points more toward the first, comparatively 
constructive outcome. Some of the same forces supporting markets, 
including AI-related capital spending, resilient economic activity, and broad 
Page 2 of 7


[Page 3]
Daily Asia
earnings growth, are also contributing to the more hawkish policy outlook. 
We therefore do not think the change in our Fed forecast undermines our 
constructive view on global equities. Higher yields could create short-term 
volatility and weigh on rate-sensitive areas, but two 25-basis-point hikes 
should not outweigh these more important medium-term drivers.
In our Monthly letter, we reminded investors of Warsh’s mantra to “watch 
the ball, not the referee.” Market volatility surrounding any change in 
Fed policy could provide investors an opportunity to put that into action. 
Investors should review their current and target asset allocation and 
prepare to use market moves around upcoming data points and the Fed 
announcement to bring allocations closer to target.
This could include, for example, buying potential dips in equities (provided 
earnings prospects remain strong), taking advantage of elevated medium-
to-long duration quality bond yields, reducing excess dollar holdings on 
strength, or using dips in gold to build a longer-term portfolio hedge.
Equities
For equities, we believe the key issue will not be whether the Fed hikes, but 
against which backdrop.
Tightening accompanied by stronger GDP growth, AI investment, 
employment, and profits would likely be consistent with a continued 
supportive backdrop for risk assets, even if markets might experience some 
short-term choppiness. We continue to position for the upside in equities 
and continue to favor AI, power and resources, and longevity, all of which 
should benefit from stronger investment, productivity gains, and structural 
growth.
Bonds
Higher Fed rate expectations have contributed to higher bond yields in 
recent days, alongside elevated AI-related debt issuance and US debt 
affordability concerns, which have increased risk premiums.
If the Fed moves onto a hiking path, as we now expect, the relative 
advantage of short-duration bonds over cash would likely narrow. Investors 
could still earn attractive income in short-duration bonds, but the potential 
for capital gains would be more limited and further upward repricing of 
the policy path could weigh on returns. As such, we would no longer 
recommend that investors lock in yields in short- to medium-duration 
bonds as an alternative to cash.
At the same time, we believe attractive portfolio diversification 
opportunities could be opening up in the medium to long part of the yield 
curve, given the recent moves higher in yields. This part of the market may 
ultimately benefit if Fed tightening reinforces confidence in the central 
bank’s inflation commitment, reduces longer-term inflation expectations, 
or slows GDP growth. Medium- to long-maturity high-quality bonds could 
therefore offer both attractive income and useful portfolio diversification 
against any adverse growth outcome. Entry points should nevertheless be 
assessed carefully, given continued uncertainty around term premiums, 
government financing needs, and inflation. For example, higher-for-longer 
short-end rates could worsen US debt affordability concerns, as the US has 
aggressively shortened its funding profile.
The impact on emerging market bonds and high yield would also depend 
on the backdrop against which the Fed is hiking. If it is accompanied by 
Page 3 of 7


[Page 4]
Daily Asia
stronger growth, then credit spreads are likely to remain compressed, 
but if the Fed hikes in response to a more negative inflation and growth 
mix, it could likely prompt some spread widening. Current yields on an 
index level provide investors with a sizable cushion against negative total 
returns, although selectivity remains key, as issuer-specific risks might drive 
divergences in performance.
US dollar
A more hawkish Fed would likely initially support the US dollar, particularly 
if policy divergence with other central banks widens and US economic 
growth remains comparatively strong. Again, the nature of that support 
would likely depend on the backdrop behind the hikes. Tightening amid 
strong growth could sustain the US dollar for longer through stronger 
capital flows and relative economic performance. In contrast, inflation-
led tightening alongside weaker growth would present a more mixed 
outlook, as higher yields may start to compete with concerns about fiscal 
sustainability and the longer-term economic outlook.
Gold
Higher real interest rates and a stronger US dollar could create near-
term headwinds for gold. But the effect may be offset should inflation, 
geopolitical uncertainty, or concerns about fiscal and monetary credibility 
persist. We currently view gold more as a portfolio hedge and diversifier, 
rather than as a tactical expression of the next Fed decision.
More broadly, commodities can potentially provide both a structural 
source of return and diversification in scenarios where energy disruption 
or renewed inflation challenges equities and bonds. Electrification, rising 
power demand, AI infrastructure investment, and constrained supply 
support the longer-term outlook for the asset class.
The bottom line
Investors should not mistake a potential change in Fed rates for a change 
in the investment outlook. The same forces that have supported our 
constructive view on markets, particularly AI investment, resilient economic 
growth, strong employment, and healthy profits, may now be contributing 
to a more hawkish Fed. The important question is not whether rates move 
higher, but what is the backdrop against which they do. A Fed responding 
to US economic strength is very different from a Fed responding to inflation 
problems. For portfolios, that distinction matters far more than the next 
policy meeting.
Market update
Page 4 of 7


[Page 5]
Daily Asia
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 5 of 7


[Page 6]
Daily Asia
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 6 of 7


[Page 7]
Daily Asia
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 7 of 7
