[Page 1]
7 September 2026, 10:18 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Strong US jobs data likely to tip the balance for 
the Fed
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Kiran Ganesh, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Vincent Heaney, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Kurt Reiman, Head of Fixed Income, Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Podcast: Signal over noise. Listen to Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi's 
latest views on the Fed. AppleSpotify
Podcast: Jump Start | We now see Fed hiking twice this year (5 mins)
Video: Four reasons to take a closer look at Taiwanese equities (5 mins)
Thought of the day
What happened?
Expectations for a more hawkish Federal Reserve intensified on Friday after 
data showed US job creation accelerating in August. Nonfarm payrolls 
increased by 162,000, of which private payrolls contributed 127,000, 
compared with consensus expectations for 55,000. Positive revisions added 
another 55,000 jobs to prior months, lifting the three-month average increase 
in private employment to 75,000, above estimates of the 0-60,000 breakeven 
range needed to keep the unemployment rate stable.
Hiring was also broad-based across industries, while the unemployment 
rate remained at 4.1% as job creation was offset by increased labor force 
participation.
The data come after the personal consumption expenditures measure of 
inflation for July beat expectations, rising 3.7% on the year. It also follows 
more hawkish comments from Fed Chair Kevin Warsh at Jackson Hole. 
Investor attention will now shift to the August consumer price index report, 
due on 11 September, which is the final major data release before the Fed’s 
policy meeting on 15-16 September.
Investors responded to Friday’s data by increasing expectations for near-term 
Fed tightening. Market-implied odds of a September rate hike rose from 
around 50% to approximately 60%. Two-year US Treasury yields initially 
increased, while the US dollar strengthened. The response from equities was 
relatively muted, with the S&P 500 falling 0.4% on Friday.
 
What to watch: 8 September
• Canada's counter-tariffs on US imports 
come into force
• US August small business optimism 
survey from the NFIB
• China's August trade balance
• Germany's July trade balance
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG London Branch.
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Daily US
What do we think?
Our previous base case was for rates to remain unchanged through 
2026. However, hawkish communication, rising inflation risks from supply 
bottlenecks, and August labor data have come in strong enough to change 
that call:
First, Warsh sharpened the policy debate at Jackson Hole, saying that 
underlying inflation must be moving toward the Fed’s 2% objective "clearly 
and at sufficient speed." He emphasized six-month and 12-month measures, 
and this week’s inflation data will likely leave core trends above 3%.
Second, supply bottlenecks have arguably increased upside inflation risks 
since the last Fed meeting. Worsening supplier-delivery times in the latest 
ISM and PMI surveys will likely reduce policymakers’ confidence that inflation 
will return to target quickly enough. In the recent inflation data, there have 
been emerging signs that AI-related demand pressures could be broadening 
as well.
Third, employment demand remains firm and economic activity is holding 
up. The activity data, job growth trends, and GDP growth tracking are strong 
enough to suggest that policy is not restrictive, reducing confidence that 
inflation will continue to move lower without higher rates.
Finally, market-implied odds of a September hike have risen back above 
60% as we've entered the blackout period before next week's Fed meeting. 
An early August Financial Times article citing sources close to Warsh 
indicated that he would be "prepared to hike" if "markets ratchet up their 
expectations."
We now expect the Fed to raise interest rates twice in 2026, by 25bps in 
both September and December, taking the federal funds target range from 
3.50-3.75% to 4.00-4.25%. Monthly core inflation prints closer to 0.3% in 
2H26, with a growing share of items rising over 3% would support a three-
hike path. However, if inflation readings through October average below 2% 
annualized and bring the six-month annualized inflation rates below 2.5%, 
it’s possible the second hike is postponed.
The economic growth effects of two rate hikes should be fairly modest, and 
we still expect growth to stay near trend as tailwinds from AI capex should 
continue. Friday's labor report supports the case for solid 2H consumption 
with better overall wage income growth. The Fed's models suggest that two 
hikes would create only a few 10ths of a percentage point of growth drag.
We also raised our forecasts for US Treasury yields: We believe 2-year yields 
will trade at 4.25% by June 2027, 100bps higher than our previous forecast, 
and 10-year yields will trade at 4.5%, only 40bps higher than our prior 
forecast based on the assumption that Fed hikes also bring some stability to 
the back end of the yield curve.
How do we invest?
From an investment perspective, we think the key question is not simply 
whether the Fed hikes or holds, but the backdrop against which the Fed 
acts. A rate hike accompanied by slower-than-desired progress on disinflation 
while economic growth indicators remain solid has different implications to 
a hike accompanied by persistent inflation alongside muted growth.
The August labor report points more toward the first, comparatively 
constructive outcome. Some of the same forces supporting markets, 
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Daily US
including AI-related capital spending, resilient economic activity, and broad 
earnings growth, are also contributing to the more hawkish policy outlook. 
We therefore do not think the change in our Fed forecast undermines our 
constructive view on global equities. Higher yields could create short-term 
volatility and weigh on rate-sensitive areas, but two 25-basis-point hikes 
should not outweigh these more important medium-term drivers.
In our Monthly letter, we reminded investors of Warsh’s mantra to “watch 
the ball, not the referee.” Market volatility surrounding any change in Fed 
policy could provide investors an opportunity to put that into action. Investors 
should review their current and target asset allocation and prepare to use 
market moves around upcoming data points and the Fed announcement to 
bring allocations closer to target.
This could include, for example, buying potential dips in equities (provided 
earnings prospects remain strong), taking advantage of elevated medium- 
to long-duration quality bond yields, reducing excess dollar holdings on 
strength, or using dips in gold to build a longer-term portfolio hedge.
Equities
For equities, we believe the key issue will not be whether the Fed hikes, but 
against which backdrop.
Tightening accompanied by stronger GDP growth, AI investment, 
employment, and profits would likely be consistent with a continued 
supportive backdrop for risk assets, even if markets might experience some 
short-term choppiness. We continue to position for the upside in equities and 
continue to favor AI, Power and resources, and Longevity, all of which should 
benefit from stronger investment, productivity gains, and structural growth.
Bonds
Higher Fed rate expectations have contributed to higher bond yields in recent 
days, alongside elevated AI-related debt issuance and US debt affordability 
concerns, which have increased risk premiums.
If the Fed moves onto a hiking path, as we now expect, the relative advantage 
of short-duration bonds over cash would likely narrow. Investors could still 
earn attractive income in short-duration bonds, but the potential for capital 
gains would be more limited and further upward repricing of the policy 
path could weigh on returns. As such, we would no longer recommend that 
investors lock in yields in short- to medium-duration bonds as an alternative 
to cash.
At the same time, we believe attractive portfolio diversification opportunities 
could be opening up in the medium to long part of the yield curve, given 
the recent moves higher in yields. This part of the market may ultimately 
benefit if Fed tightening reinforces confidence in the central bank’s inflation 
commitment, reduces longer-term inflation expectations, or slows GDP 
growth. Medium- to long-maturity high-quality bonds could therefore offer 
both attractive income and useful portfolio diversification against any adverse 
growth outcome. Entry points should nevertheless be assessed carefully, given 
continued uncertainty around term premiums, government financing needs, 
and inflation. For example, higher-for-longer short-end rates could worsen US 
debt affordability concerns, as the US has aggressively shortened its funding 
profile.
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Daily US
The impact on emerging market bonds and high yield would also depend 
on the backdrop against which the Fed is hiking. If it is accompanied by 
stronger growth, then credit spreads are likely to remain compressed, but if 
the Fed hikes in response to a more negative inflation and growth mix, it could 
likely prompt some spread widening. Current yields on an index level provide 
investors with a sizable cushion against negative total returns, although 
selectivity remains key, as issuer-specific risks might drive divergences in 
performance.
US dollar
A more hawkish Fed would likely initially support the US dollar, particularly if 
policy divergence with other central banks widens and US economic growth 
remains comparatively strong. Again, the nature of that support would likely 
depend on the backdrop behind the hikes. Tightening amid strong growth 
could sustain the US dollar for longer through stronger capital flows and 
relative economic performance. In contrast, inflation-led tightening alongside 
weaker growth would present a more mixed outlook, as higher yields may 
start to compete with concerns about fiscal sustainability and the longer-term 
economic outlook.
Gold
Higher real interest rates and a stronger US dollar could create near-term 
headwinds for gold. But the effect may be offset should inflation, geopolitical 
uncertainty, or concerns about fiscal and monetary credibility persist. We 
currently view gold more as a portfolio hedge and diversifier, rather than as 
a tactical expression of the next Fed decision.
More broadly, commodities can potentially provide both a structural source 
of return and diversification in scenarios where energy disruption or renewed 
inflation challenges equities and bonds. Electrification, rising power demand, 
AI infrastructure investment, and constrained supply support the longer-term 
outlook for the asset class.
The bottom line
Investors should not mistake a potential change in Fed rates for a change 
in the investment outlook. The same forces that have supported our 
constructive view on markets, particularly AI investment, resilient economic 
growth, strong employment, and healthy profits, may now be contributing 
to a more hawkish Fed. The important question is not whether rates move 
higher, but what is the backdrop against which they do. A Fed responding 
to US economic strength is very different from a Fed responding to inflation 
problems. For portfolios, that distinction matters far more than the next policy 
meeting.
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Daily US
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
