[Page 1]
7 September 2026, 12:30 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
What to watch in the week ahead
Weekly Global
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
• US payrolls rose by 162,000 in August, far above expectations. 
Combined with recent inflation data and a more hawkish tone from Fed 
Chair Kevin Warsh, the report has shifted our base case to two 25bps 
Fed rate hikes in 2026. This week's inflation data will show whether 
price pressures are firm enough to sustain that path.
• Eurozone headline inflation accelerated in August, but core and services 
inflation eased. Investors will assess whether the ECB signals that an 
expected September rate increase will be followed by an extended 
pause. We remain Attractive on Eurozone equities.
• Broadcom raised its outlook for AI-chip revenue, which followed strong 
results from NVIDIA. Oracle's results this week will offer a further test of 
cloud demand and AI infrastructure spending. We think investors should 
retain exposure to AI while diversifying across the wider value chain.
Will inflation temper the Fed's hawkish turn?
The strength of the US employment report released on Friday far surpassed 
expectations, pointing to an acceleration in hiring. Nonfarm payrolls rose 
by 162,000 in August, compared with consensus expectations of 55,000, 
while private payrolls increased by 127,000. Positive revisions added 55,000 
jobs to prior months, lifting the three-month average increase in private 
employment to 75,000, above estimates of the 0-60,000 breakeven range 
needed to keep unemployment stable. With the labor market resilient, the 
report strengthens the case for the Fed to focus more fully on inflation.
Attention will now turn to Friday's consumer price index release for August, 
along with producer prices released earlier in the week. Investors will 
assess whether the releases show enough moderation in underlying price 
pressures to temper the Fed's hawkish turn. Softer inflation through 
autumn could reduce the urgency for rate increases. Even so, the burden of 
proof has shifted: After the latest jobs report, the Fed has greater scope to 
tighten unless inflation improves clearly and at sufficient speed.
Having projected the Fed would remain on hold this year, we now expect 
two hikes, in September and December. This does not, however, change 
our positive outlook for markets. The same forces contributing to a more 
hawkish Fed, including resilient employment, solid economic activity, AI-
related capital spending, and broad earnings growth, are also supporting 
the equity outlook. Two rate hikes should have only a modest effect on 
growth, and we continue to position for gains in equities. Higher yields 
may create near-term volatility, particularly in rate-sensitive areas, but a Fed 
responding to economic strength is different from one tightening into weak 
growth.
 
The Fed, inflation, and bond markets
• Listen to Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi's 
latest "Signal over Noise" podcast 
for her views on the Fed and the 
implications of tighter monetary policy 
on equity markets. Apple | Spotify
• Our view on the course of Fed policy 
has shifted after last week's strong US 
jobs data. For more detail, read our 
most recent House View US Daily
The ECB and Europe
• Chief Economist Paul Donovan looks 
ahead to the ECB meeting and 
Eurozone GDP data.
• For a broad analysis of the European 
economy and markets, read "Europe's 
broadening investment opportunities"
• In addition to the ECB, investors are 
also evaluating the latest political 
developments in Germany. For our 
views, read Maelle Quillevere's blog on 
what the latest state elections could 
mean for investors.
AI and the tech outlook
• Hear our view on the key events coming 
up in the week ahead, including the 
outlook for AI and the tech sector, in 
our weekly Jumpstart podcast.
• AI demand has improved the outlook 
for the equity market in Taiwan. Watch 
James Cheo's latest video on this issue.
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end 
of the document.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
Weekly Global
Will the ECB signal that its hiking cycle will be limited?
Inflation fears intensified in Europe last week amid rising energy prices 
as the conflict in the Middle East dragged on. The price of European 
gas reached its highest level since January 2023 and has more than 
doubled from a year ago. Eurozone inflation accelerated to 3.3% in 
August from 2.9% in July, driven almost entirely by higher energy costs. 
Markets responded by fully pricing a 25-basis-point European Central 
Bank rate increase in September, while rising global yields added to 
pressure on European equities. But the underlying inflation picture was 
more encouraging. Core inflation eased to 2.4% from 2.5%, while 
services inflation slowed to 3.0% from 3.3%, suggesting that the rise in 
headline inflation has not yet broadened into a generalized acceleration 
in domestic prices. Activity data were also constructive, with the Eurozone 
manufacturing PMI rising to 52.7, its highest reading since May 2022.
This week the key event for Europe is the ECB's policy meeting, with 
expectations for a 25bps increase to 2.50% on Thursday. Investors will 
focus less on the expected increase than on whether the ECB presents it as 
a limited response to higher energy-driven inflation or the start of a more 
extended tightening cycle.
Our base case is for a rate increase at this week's ECB meeting, followed 
by an extended pause. We expect inflation to recede in 2027, allowing 
the ECB eventually to reverse this year's increases. We do not believe the 
expected hike marks the beginning of an extended tightening cycle that 
will undermine the European equity outlook. Improving industrial activity, 
stronger earnings, and reasonable valuations support further gains, and we 
remain Attractive on Eurozone equities. We favor sectors and markets with 
the greatest exposure to the cyclical recovery, earnings improvement, and 
structural investment, including industrials, banks, information technology, 
consumer discretionary, and health care.
Can AI infrastructure spending sustain market confidence?
Broadcom provided further evidence last week that demand for AI 
infrastructure remains robust, raising its forecast for AI-chip revenue in the 
fiscal year ending October 2027 to about USD 115bn from more than USD 
100bn previously. The company expects the figure to roughly double to 
USD 230bn in fiscal 2028, while third-quarter AI-chip revenue more than 
tripled to USD 16.7bn. The update followed strong results from NVIDIA the 
previous week and helped technology shares start the week on a firmer 
footing. The tech-heavy Kospi index was up 4.6% on Monday.
Attention now turns to Oracle's results on Thursday. As a major provider 
of cloud computing capacity used for AI workloads, the company offers 
a useful read on demand for AI infrastructure. In its prior quarter, Oracle 
reported that cloud infrastructure revenue rose 93% year over year. 
Without taking a view on individual securities, investors will look to the 
release for evidence that cloud growth remains strong and that the scale, 
financing, and economics of the data center buildout continue to support 
confidence.
Our base case of robust AI investment, broader earnings growth, and 
resilient economic activity supports further equity market gains. Global 
AI-related capital expenditure is expected to reach around USD 900bn in 
2026 and about USD 1.2tr in 2027, with the opportunity extending beyond 
the largest technology companies into semiconductors and hardware, 
software, power infrastructure, utilities, and industrials. However, increasing 
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
Weekly Global
competition and uncertainty over which companies will ultimately capture 
the returns from this investment reinforce the importance of selectivity and 
diversification. We think investors should retain exposure to the principal 
drivers of the AI cycle while broadening equity allocations and adding 
exposure to the power, resources, and infrastructure required to support 
the buildout. Capital preservation strategies can also help investors remain 
invested where concentration or drawdown risk is elevated.
Chart of the week
Recent labor market data indicate that US employment demand remains 
strong, with nonfarm payrolls rising by 162,000 in August, well above 
consensus expectations of 55,000. The upside surprise was driven by 
a sharp rebound in government employment and solid private-sector 
job growth. Positive revisions to previous months also lifted the three-
month average of job gains to 75,000. Continued strength in employment 
suggests that US economic activity remains robust, reinforcing our view 
that monetary policy may not be restrictive enough to bring inflation 
down further. Ahead of Friday’s key inflation report, we now expect the 
Fed to raise interest rates by 25bps in both September and December. 
Nevertheless, our investment outlook remains constructive, and we 
continue to position for further upside in equities.
Strong US labor data raise the prospects of Fed hikes
US nonfarm payrolls, m/m change in thousands, private and government payrolls, and 3-
month moving average
Refinitiv, UBS, as of Sep 2026
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
Non-Traditional Assets
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed 
futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and 
only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment 
funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund 
is speculative and involves significant risks.  Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same 
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount 
of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected 
to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may 
be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and 
expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 
them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 
investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:

Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with
investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid
investments.

Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers
focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They
involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax,
real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated
with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice,
and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of
investment.

Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other
risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.
Weekly Global
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
Weekly Global
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
Weekly Global
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
