[Page 1]
7 September 2026, 15:56 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
What does the Warsh era mean for Fed policy?
UBS House View Briefcase
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Vincent Heaney, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch; Christopher Swann, 
Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Alison Parums, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Key message
Federal Reserve Chair Kevin Warsh has adopted a more hawkish 
stance, warning that the Fed has “work to do” unless inflation moves 
toward its target clearly and quickly. Strong employment and inflation 
data have reinforced the case for tighter policy, and we now expect 
two rate hikes in 2026. But the economic resilience contributing to 
this shift also supports our constructive investment outlook.
01
Chair Warsh has adopted a more hawkish stance, 
supported by strong US data.
• At Jackson Hole, Warsh said the Fed “must be confident that 
underlying inflation is moving to our objective, clearly and at 
sufficient speed.
• He warned that rate hikes are likely if inflation does not improve at 
a “satisfactory speed.”
• Strong August employment data and firmer-than-expected inflation 
have reduced confidence that price pressures will continue to ease 
without higher rates.
02
But a more hawkish Fed does not necessarily imply a 
deteriorating investment outlook.
• Employment demand remains firm, economic activity is holding 
up, and GDP growth tracking suggests that policy is not currently 
restrictive.
• Some of the same forces supporting markets, including AI-related 
capital spending, resilient activity, strong employment, and broad 
earnings growth, are also contributing to the more hawkish policy 
outlook.
• We expect the growth effects of two rate hikes to be modest and 
still see economic growth remaining near trend.
03
So we retain a constructive investment outlook and 
favor diversified equity exposure.
• We now expect 25-basis-point rate hikes in September and 
December, taking the federal funds target range to 4.00-4.25%.
• We continue to position for further gains in equities, although 
higher yields could create short-term volatility and weigh on rate-
sensitive areas.
• Investors should maintain diversified exposure and use market 
volatility around economic data and Fed decisions to rebalance 
portfolios toward their long-term targets.
New this week
Chair Warsh’s more hawkish communication, 
strong August payrolls, and firmer inflation data 
caused markets to price in a higher probability of 
a rate hike at the central bank's policy meeting 
next week.
One liner
Warsh’s more hawkish stance and strong US 
data have increased the likelihood of rate hikes, 
but the economic resilience behind that shift 
supports our constructive investment outlook.
Did you know?
• US nonfarm payrolls rose by 162,000 
in August, compared with consensus 
expectations for 55,000, while positive 
revisions added another 55,000 jobs to prior 
months.
• The Fed’s preferred personal consumption 
expenditures measure of inflation rose 3.7% 
year over year in July, slightly more than 
expected.
• Market-implied odds of a September rate 
hike rose to around 60% following the 
employment report.
Investment view
Investors should not mistake a potential 
change in Fed rates for a change in the 
investment outlook. Resilient economic activity, 
AI investment, strong employment, and healthy 
profits support our constructive view on global 
equities, even if higher yields create short-term 
volatility.If the Fed moves onto a hiking path, 
the relative advantage of short-duration bonds 
over cash would likely narrow. But recent moves 
higher in yields may be opening up portfolio 
diversification opportunities in medium- to long-
maturity high-quality bonds. Entry points should 
nevertheless be assessed carefully.
This report has been prepared by   UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS) and UBS AG London Branch and UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important 
disclaimers and disclosures that begin on page 3.
Page 1 of 4


[Page 2]
Non-Traditional Assets
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed 
futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and 
only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment 
funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund 
is speculative and involves significant risks.  Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same 
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount 
of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected 
to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may 
be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and 
expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 
them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 
investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:

Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with
investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid
investments.

Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers
focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They
involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax,
real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated
with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice,
and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of
investment.

Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other
risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.
UBS CIO WM    7 September 2026     Page 2 of 4


[Page 3]
Disclaimer
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
UBS CIO WM    7 September 2026     Page 3 of 4


[Page 4]
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
UBS CIO WM    7 September 2026     Page 4 of 4
