[Page 1]
What matters in global macro right now?
One answer: almost everything is at a high. What could possibly go wrong?
US earnings growth is hitting levels normally reserved for post-recession rebounds, AI capex is going
hyperbolic, tech margins are at records, EM earnings are surging and European data is surprising
sharply to the upside. Then there are record crack spreads, rising gasoline prices, record Chinese gold
holdings, Treasury yields near multi-year highs and equity vol control positioning at the 100th
percentile.
Different markets, same direction - so many questions. Here is a collection of charts that capture the
global macro setup right now.
Never ever this strong
S&P 500 earnings are now expected to surge 34% in 2026, more than double the 15% growth expected
at the start of the year. We’ve never seen earnings growth this strong outside of post-recession
rebounds. This time, there was no recession. Just an unprecedented AI-driven boom.
Compound
TMT vs. ex-TMT margin
"Non-tech is starting to turn up (more on that in a second), but by contrast tech profit margins stand out
as being at a structural + cyclical high... and raise some questions about sustainability." 
Top Down Charts
Hyper
The dominant theme driving markets over the past year has been the once-in-generation AI capex
boom, with 12-month forward consensus US hyperscaler capex rising from less than $300bn in early
2025 to $940bn now.


[Page 2]
BofA
Only 25%?
Tech is expected to contribute a quarter of global profits over the coming twelve months, an all-time
high.
BofA
Only 25%???
22.4% of firms are using Artificial Intelligence in their regular business functions (+0.9pp from July);
25.9% expect to use AI in the next 6 months.
GIR
Global AI revenue
"Our revenue estimate for the AI economy reached $229 billion annualized by the end of August - up
3.5x in one year. Growth is going strong. Trailing twelve-month revenue reached $140 billion last
month, 3.2x the August 2025 value of $44 billion." 


[Page 3]
Exponential View
Semis vs Revisions
The price of the SOX Index (black line) charted against consensus qtrly Op Profit / EBIT estimates (blue
line).
Peter Callahan
Generational cash transfer
The AI capex boom has led to a staggering transfer in free cash flow from hyperscalers to semis.
BofA
EM's 72%
But the earnings boom isn't confined to Silicon Valley. Look outside the US and things are getting
equally interesting.
"Strong" earnings growth projections for this year are at 72% y/y.


[Page 4]
IBES
Korea corporate buybacks
Not as important, but still a cool, different 2nd derivative chart from EM directly related to the AI boom.
Corporates have emerged as the big buyers of Korean equities recently, with buybacks in Korea poised
to touch unprecedented levels.
JPM Asian strategy
Europe
Asia isn't the only region surprising to the upside. Europe's macro data has quietly staged one of the
sharpest reversals of the year. The Eurozone economic surprise index has spiked to multi-year highs,
reflecting recent data prints coming in better than consensus expected.
JPM Equity strategy
Crack spreads
So far, so good. The problem is that it isn't just growth that's moving higher.
Refined product cracks have recently hit record levels, reflecting depleted inventories in refined
products (such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel). And eventually, record refining margins find their way
somewhere familiar...
BofA
Soon at the pump
Gasoline futures up 30% in a month, and diesel prices ~$6/gallon.


[Page 5]
BTIG
Electricity
This chart is stand-alone but does of course also fit into many of the themes. US electricity prices have
risen sharply since 2022 to new record highs.
BofA
China going for gold
Growth is hot, energy is hot — and the traditional macro hedges are hardly sitting this one out.
China’s central bank officially bought +20 tonnes of gold in August, matching its largest monthly
purchase since October 2023. This follows +20 tonnes and +15 tonnes acquired in July and June,
respectively, and marks its 22nd consecutive monthly gold purchase.
SAFE / GoldSilver / TKL
"High yield"
U.S. 10-Year Treasury Yield hits highest closing level since 2023.


[Page 6]
@barchart
USD net positioning
Higher yields, a crowded dollar — and increasingly crowded markets. USD positioning looks stretched.
JPM FX
Vol control equity allocations
The crowding isn't limited to FX. Vol-control equity allocations have reached the 100th percentile,
courtesy of the prolonged period of unusually low volatility.
Deutsche Bank
Issuance
And when markets are this receptive, Wall Street does what Wall Street does: it sells more stock.
"We expect 2026 will be a record year of equity issuance in dollar terms. We estimate roughly $700
billion of corporate equity supply in 2026, combining IPO volume of slightly more than $225 billion and
other issuance of $450 billion. This equates to roughly 1% of Russell 3000 market cap in total, similar
to average annual issuance from 2015-2019." (GS)
﻿Step back from the individual charts and the message is hard to miss: earnings, capex, commodities,
yields, positioning — everything is pushing toward an extreme. Welcome to the Everything High.
Nothing about this is normal.


[Page 7]
GIR
© 2025 The Market Ear
