[Page 1]
GS Callahan - GS US TMT Day 1 GS Communacopia Technology
Conference preview 8 Sep 2026
Peter Callahan  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  TMT Sector Specialist
Tue 8 Sep 2026, 11:20am ET
GS US TMT .... Day 1 ... GS Communacopia + Technology Conference preview ..
Pumped to get underway out here ... company presentations kick-off in ~1 hour at 850am PST (QCOM,
ANET, DOCN, IOT, TKO & more) .. reminder, everything you need here (agenda, WEBCASTS, previews
/ reviews and more);
see bottom of email for the full sentiment check-down we sent around on Friday ahead of the big show
this week:
5 things I am watching on DAY 1 @ GS Communacopia + Technology Conference:
1. Most debated / topical names ...TKO (was the recent "raise" conservative? How does it set stage for
2027 EBITDA)... AXON (recent stock heaviness - what's up?) ... RDDT (can the user debate get cleared
up such that revenues can carry the stock?) .... CSCO & FTNT (similar debates; did we pass the "as good
as it gets" moment or still another gear for those 2 names?) ... AVGO (multiples years of >100% AI
growth... yet, debates still on GMs and customer execution)... IFX (can these analog semi names get back
into being trending secular, cyclicals?)... CRWV (S/D framing down the stretch of 2026)
2. Edge & Physical AI... while still early, perhaps a theme into 2027+.... keeping an eye on presentations
from: QCOM (updates on both phones and AI devices), HP (PCs...?), IOT (AI for physical operations),
Autos (Ford and Rivian) ...and yes, Prometheus
3. SaaS and Apps ... tough two day stretch SaaS (after a resurgent summer for the group) .. healthy debate
if the group has definitively turned the corner or not .. from here, all about if SaaS/App companies can
deliver concrete AI led product (& revenue) wins to sustain momentum down the stretch of 2026 -
watching FIG, SAP, IOT, KVYO today.
4. Consumer watch ... ABNB (is above trend / peer growth sustainable? Product roadmap?) ... Visa (QTD
updates - esp after mixed retail sales data & Walmart results).. EBAY (debate on both margins as well as
how to frame GMV growth: "peaking" or "better than expected"?)
5. "Inference Economy"... while the capex trade lost some steam over the last few months (.. an
opportunity to re-engage?..), the cohort of "inference economy" plays have seen meaningful multiple
expansion as the market rewards names that can likely grow through any potential capex gyrations (or, are
just more immune from subtle rate of changs on ASPs or S/D).... names i am watching here today SNOW
and TWLO.
--- Friday 4 Sep preview (charts) ---


[Page 2]
GS US TMT … Communacopia + Technology Conference next week …
The flagship GS Communacopia + Technology Conference is next week in San Francisco (9/8-9/11) .. I
am really getting excited to get out there with another fantastic line-up – OpenAI (CFO), AVGO (CEO),
NVDA (CEO), Databricks (CEO), MSFT (CFO), SPCX (CFO) and much, much more. I'll be on the
ground in SF for the week and look forward to seeing many of you in person. Preview of the big show
below. Don't hesitate to reach out if we can help with anything.
… everything you need to know about the conference is available here -- agenda + webcasts + GIR
previews ..
SENTIMENT CHECK:
We head into next week’s GS TMT conference coming off a relatively frustrating Summer of trading for
investors. July marked a tricky factor month (think: Momentum) and August marked a tricky alpha month
(strong AI fundys vs less directional px action).
While the fundamental datapoints in TMT continued to improve throughout 2Q earnings (e.g. NVDA
guiding FY27 revenues >70% y/y or AVGO pointing to 100%+ growth in ’27 and ‘28), the price action
has been much choppier with the GS TMT 12-mo Momentum Pair down >10% in August as Semis lagged
the broader market (and lagged Software as well)…
Despite the NDX trading higher on 6 of 8 sessions, we have been in a bit of a ‘holding pattern’ as the
macro backdrop is complicated (‘Rates watch’ ahead of a ‘live’ FOMC mtg this month) and risk appetite is
muted (see volumes, Vix/vol and gross exposures), leaving investors to debate “what else” the market
needs to see to re-visit the AI trade (.. or … is the market genuinely trying to signal a regime shift away
from the capex trade ...?...).
[side note: the NDX is +16% YTD through the first 8 months of the year - this return profile is basically
right inline with the average NDX return through 8 months, dating back to 2011 … and right inline with
where we were in ’25, ’24 and ’21 at this point in the year]
STOCKS & SECTORS:
Quick temperature check on subsector talking points:
1. Semis – remains the most ‘loved’ group in TMT with most investor convos (still) focused on what AI
infra / semi names to add to on pullbacks (.. albeit with some triangulation around the implication of
NVDA’s >70% revs guide in ’27 vs more measured valuation ..). most topical / debated areas right now:
Semicap + Memory.
2. Hardware / Networking – better liked, albeit, controversial with investors debating if much of the space
(think: EMS or Optical) is stuck in “grow into its multiple” territory for the time being . .whereas .. hard to
ignore the power moves higher in the HPQ or AAPL’s of the world (‘edge’ or technicals).
3. Software – despite an “everything up” tape in recent months in Software, sentiment remains very
bifurcated with a clear investor preference for perceived “inference economy” names (security + data


[Page 3]
infra) vs lingering apathy around many SaaS/Apps names (with bears quick to point out the lack of
broader revenue revisions vs. more mixed results from HUBS or INTU types).
4. Internet – choppy, at best .. albeit .. more convos as of late around possible “turn-around” candidates,
with bulls looking at Software/SaaS as potential leading indicators for a move higher in the group.
5. CME – handful of inbounds on the strength in Telcos (positioning + easing ‘Starlink’ overhang /
narrative?), whereas, cable remains decidedly out of favor .. live / media remains increasingly topical as
“durable in the face of AI uncertainty” (e.g LYV, FWONK, TKO, SPHR) – albeit with positioning &
consumer inputs to manage down the stretch of ’26.
Stock watch ….. Most ‘loved’ names attending (desk view): ANET, SNOW, TWLO, DT, LYV, NET,
OKTA, DELL, AMAT, SPOT, NVDA, Unity, STX, CRWD, PANW, AMD … vs … Most ‘debated’ names
attending (desk view): TKO, RDDT, FTNT, AVGO, CRWV, MSFT, NOW, SNDK, CRM, UBER, MDB,
SPCX …. vs …. Most ‘out of favor’ names attending (desk view): QCOM, HPQ, PINS, NXPI, Telcos,
IBM, HUBS, CHTR ..
10 THINGS I AM WATCHING INTO CONFERENCE:
1. Is there room for AI (read: AI supply chain) to surprise to the upside – at least relative to the (+) KPIs
we just got from DELL, NVDA, AVGO on earnings.. focus on color around compute pricing (e.g. SPCX
or neoclouds or DOCN / AKAM) + updates from memory (HDDs + NAND) + latest from Analog Semi
players (pricing? ‘cycle’? duration of DC tailwinds?) + ASICs (AVGO) & XPUs (NVDA).
2. Who can pull the next CRM ..? …. e.g. names with compressed multiples (and/or or stock prices) that
can see sentiment (stock) inflections down the stretch of the year – topical names in investor convos have
been names like: UBER, META, NFLX, EDAs (CDNS, SNPS), Memory (yes, I know), SE, HOOD,
SPOT, PINS, MDB, TTWO and more … what else?!
3. IT Services .. a bit more dispersion as of late with certain names now ~50% off YTD lows (ACN,
CTSH, EPAM) vs others still near YTD lows (INFY, Wipro, IBM) .. recent soundbites out of GS Asia
Conference were mixed (see takes ), in turn, I expect a focus this week on how IT Services companies
position themselves against an evolving AI adoption curve at the Enterprise layer.
4. Analog Semis .. plenty of "so, what exactly went wrong here" inbounds lately .. other than some "LI-
FO" (last group to rip before the Summer drawdown = first group de-risked during it) .. much of focus is
on AI path (800V, et al) + pricing power -- this week, from GIR's preview: 'We expect companies to strike
a positive tone with a focus on end market demand strength and improving revenue visibility overall.
Specifically, we expect management teams to highlight extending lead times, shipping closer to end
demand, and recent pricing actions that could more than offset the impact of higher input costs’ ].
5. Software (SaaS, Apps) .. sentiment remains muted (many investors we speak to feel like the move has
mostly been a technical bounce from oversold levels as investors await tangible number revisions to
durably challenge the bear cases ..).. that said .. next week we hear from CEOs of: NOW, KVYO, SAP,


[Page 4]
FIG, HUBS, WK, FIVN where the debate will be if better price action puts investors in a more ‘open
minded’ framework to research a potential path forward for SaaS + AI integrations?
6. What’s next on the AI front .. Robotics / Physical AI? (IOT, Ford, Rivian, Tesla all attending) ..
Enterprise adoption? (MSFT, SaaS) .. Edge? (QCOM) … Personal assistants? .. Consumer apps using AI
(commerce, gig, ads)
7. EDAs (SNPS & CDNS) … perhaps the most asked about set of stocks over the last week with
seemingly a fair bit of room for discovery value as investors continue to contemplate potential AI
tailwinds for these names …
8. Telcos (& Cable) … all 3 major US telcos (& CHTR, CMCSA) are attending, alongside SpaceX --
which should create an interesting juxtaposition around the evolution of the connectivity market.
Reasonable debate on the T / VZ universe as of late re: how much of this move is technicals (covering,
defensive rotation) vs. a durable thawing in any prior competition related bear cases (read: Starlink)..
9. Payments .. inbounds and buzz has picked up around both HOOD (.. an AI ‘use case’ play re: product
velocity .. ) and XYZ (.. an AI levered cost cutting play + improved topline trends) … Visa / MA seem to
be steady longs (albeit debates on ‘peak’ trends and Visa’s looming F27 guide) .. inbounds on FIS, FISV,
UPST, JKY and FOUR remain few and far between ..
10. TKO .. central debate on this = could TKO’s raised guidance turn out to be less conservative than usual
against management's history of beat-and-raises, given recent concerns around pricing & attendance
slowdowns, a slow start to WWE sponsorship revenue growth this year, and increasingly limited
opportunities to execute against merger cost synergies? see GIR [ preview for more]
CHARTS I AM FOCUSED ON / GETTING ASKED ON:
NDX in ‘consolidation’ mode for the last ~4-5 months (top chart) with vol resetting lower and the NDX’s
multiple contracting towards near multi-year lows (bottom chart) amidst moving parts on the macro front
(long-end of curve = decades high) and re-emerging AI debates …


[Page 5]
Semis vs Revisions .. chart below is the price of the SOX Index (black line) charted against consensus
qtrly Op Profit / EBIT estimates (blue line) … ...
Semicap (AMAT, ASML, LRCX) ... inbounds have picked up amidst heavier px action as of late (AMAT
and LRCX lower on 8 of 10wks) – seemingly driven by ongoing Memory debate + lack of perceived


[Page 6]
discovery value (e.g. is the ’27 upside ‘known’) + multiple compression ..... on this last point, chart below
is the fwd P/E multiple of AMAT vs the broader SOX … where to from here? (bulls argue the multiple can
hold as Semicap is a ‘later cycle’ winner vs bears ague the group needs to burn off multiple) ..
What’s the right price? … chart below is 2yr fwd (think 2028) P/E multiples for select pockets of the AI
Semis ecosystem – compute (AVGO, NVDA) in the LDD-x P/E range vs. DELL mid-teens vs. AMAT /
Semicaps closer to 20x vs Optical / LITE in the 20s ..


[Page 7]
UBER + DASH .. while not necessarily an either/or conversation, we have had more inbounds around
how to think about the outlook for DASH v UBER from here – with the former trading at a ~60%
premium to UBER on fwd EV/EBITDA, towards the higher-end of its multi-year range
AI adoption .. .. per the latest AI Adoption tracker from GS Econ (aug'26): ' AI adoption by firms rose by
0.9pp to 22.4% among US establishments (with adoption expected to rise to 25.9% in the next 6 months)
according to the Census Bureau’s Business Trends and Outlook Survey (BTOS)'


[Page 8]
SaaS .. admittedly an imperfect chart given moving parts on FX, organic, ‘total’ revs, et c.... but.. below is
WDAY stock price (blue line) charted against quarterly, reported total revs growth (black line) dating back
to 2021 .. as is the case with much of Apps Software – market looking for potential inflections in growth
tied to new AI workflows ..
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of 8 September 2026.
