[Page 1]
Global Watch
09 Sep 2026
THE YIELD THRESHOLD: WHAT FINALLY TIPS
EQUITIES?
Davide Oneglia / Freya Beamish
The Yield Threshold: What Finally Tips Equities?
Clients are increasingly asking about whether yields are approaching heights that would tip over
equities. And we hear you. Equity premium is compressed and our longer-term worries over US
valuations are partly predicated on this looking unsustainable. But those measures are awful for
timing.
Rising yields are not yet an equity killer: the current move is still being driven mainly by supply
shocks, Fed credibility repricing and a more fragile long-end buyer base.
The bigger risk lies ahead: stronger demand, broadening earnings and rising leverage should
eventually force yields higher enough to challenge stretched US equity valuations.
Beyond rates, we remain cautious on the dollar and constructive on the yen, where BoJ repricing
and improving capital flows now reinforce the turn.


[Page 2]
Excess CAPE Yield
09 SEP 2026
EQUITY PREMIUM REMAINS COMPRESSED
To get the timing right, we need to decompose the current rise in yields. And we continue to see a mix
of reasons, currently dominated by negative supply shocks emanating from the Strait of Hormuz
(SoH), and the desire for the Fed to prove credibility by hiking rates. These are the macro drivers, and
the feed-through to the long end of the curve is amplified by increasing reliance on discretionary funds
and on a leveraged investor as opposed to traditional pension demand. This combo is ensuring that
relatively small negative supply shocks in the real economy, combined with hawkish central bank
repricing is feeding through to the long-end.


[Page 3]
Are Breakevens findings a new floor?
09 SEP 2026
10 YEAR BREAKEVEN
Yields are rising partly on expectations of re-
acceleration of activity
16 AUG 2026
10 YEAR REAL YIELDS
Government bond investor bases differ widely:
domestic investors dominate in Japan, Italy and the…
09 SEP 2026
WHO HOLDS…
General-government gross debt (% of GDP) and 10-
year government bond yields for six major economie…
DEBT RATIOS AND 10-YEA…
09 SEP 2026
Fiscal is in the mix. Sovereigns with higher gross debt ratios are starting to be punished as they
struggle to place duration into this changed financial ecosystem. The UK welcomes rest of the world to
this new reality – the UK is indeed proving to be the harbinger.


[Page 4]
The 30-10 spread moves with the debt ratio in some economies but not in others.
DO SOME COUNTRIES PAY A PREMIUM WHILE OTHERS DON'T?
18 AUG 2026
For now, neither the macro drivers, nor the amplifiers to the long end is currently a significant threat to
the increasingly debt-driven capex expansion on which equities currently ride. We do see that earnings
expansion broadening, however, not least as the perpetual motion machine in tech runs hot and spills
over into demand for other sectors.
That demand spillover means two things. First, we continue to see opportunities in rotation out of tech,
globally. Second, it sets up the path toward continued labour market reacceleration. At this stage
labour market reacceleration will be seen as a positive for equities because the idea that this US
economy is now less able to process demand pressure than historically remains just a theory of ours.
We expect that demand reacceleration will prove more inflationary than markets or the Fed are
currently expecting but this argument will need to be validated before bond yields reach heights that
are consistent with containing the labour market and eventually topple equities.
In short, when tech companies are chasing the notion of infinite demand, it is quite hard to slow them
down with a few basis points, particularly as the process of leveraging up has only just begun in big
tech, though there are some clear front runners. While the financing loop works, it is self reinforcing.
Hyperscalers’ stakes in frontier model companies supports the latter in booking out compute in
advance, in turn helping the hyperscalers out with revenue backlogs. At the same time, hypercalers can
book returns on their stakes as “other income”, propping up their own income.


[Page 5]
Can AI revive secular productivity?
CAN AI END THE LONG PR…
02 JUL 2026
if you calculate the “insider” contribution to the
physical demand for AI, you get a ratio of around 85…
CAPEX RECYCLING IS 85% …
09 SEP 2026
We remain unconvinced of the motability of the frontier, however, with a very competitive open-source
space just a few months behind. Frontier labs may be trying to space out their releases to get further
ahead, and that process itself likely is driving demand for compute. But the ultimate arbiter of
sustainability of revenues will be an increase in the share coming from outside the tech sector. From
the perspective of the hyperscalers, revenue is revenue but if the moats of the frontier models are
questioned that ripples back to the hyperscarlers too.
In this dynamic we can see a case for widening the scope beyond interest rates and focusing on
quantities of credit and money. We are inclined to agree with Rob Armstrong’s take on Warsh’s posited
monetarist tendencies. In any case, actually deploying any kind of quantity target would be very
difficult in this environment. First, the velocity has been very flexible in recent years, and it’s not clear
where it is going to land. Second, because of financial innovation, we could see further shifts – the
original reason why money targeting became complicated in the 1980s. Velocity is in any case
cointegrated with short-term interest rates, so deciding where velocity is going to land is close to
equivalent to deciding what is the natural rate of interest.
We’ll be watching credit and leverage build-up, and it seems almost inevitable that this will eventually
overshoot, particularly with this Fed. Warsh has demonstrated a willingness to hike rates. We think he
can justify a credibility hike to Bessent and Trump. But if the natural rate of interest really is higher,
then he will have to have this conversation multiple times.
While we don’t think there is any magic number that tips over equities, we stand by our long-held view
that macro fundamentals suggest the US 10-year should be at least 5% to compensate for this
environment. Underlying inflation trends suggest 2% is the floor, while it takes more monetary
intervention to keep inflation from gravitating to 3% meaning higher real yields. At the same time, term
premium in the US still looks too low to compensate for the loss of hedging capacity for equities.
Fighting that is only likely to undermine confidence and increase the upward pressure. Meanwhile, that
increase in term premium is the reverse of the benign dynamics of the 1990s in which profit margins


[Page 6]
and equities flourished. So yes, eventually these things have to come back into line and compression
of US equity premium does not look sustainable.  
The dollar outlook does not look bright either. At first this could seem like a puzzle. The US is a net
energy exporter benefitting disproportionately from a global terms-of-trade shock like the Iran war. The
AI boom has spurred a massive capex cycle, while all the angst about risks of imminent job market
breakdown that dominated at the turn of the year has all but gone, replaced by upside risks to activity
and inflation. The path of the Fed funds rate has radically changed from early 2026, with several hikes
now priced in as opposed to cuts. So, why can’t the dollar get a more sustained bid? The short answer
is that, as often in macro and markets, things are not quite as straightforward they might look on the
surface. A mix of structural and cyclical factors weigh against the dollar over the medium term, while
the market (rightly) questions US authorities’ resolve to directly address the bond market malaise and
Warsh’s “credibility”. Waiting for Friday’s CPI print – the latest in the long series of “most important CPI
print in our lifetime”, Bessent’s boisterous attitude and endless meddling at the long-end (see the latest
buyback announcements, yesterday) are unlikely to help. Watch out for a forthcoming note by Davide
and Daniel that will tackle this important question in detail and set out scenarios about what’s coming
next.
If the dollar can’t break out of its range, the Yen has finally reached a turning point. The Yen rally looks
sustainable to us. Not because Bessent is saying so – “I’m the House now” and other bluster. If
anything, we hopefully made clear above and in the past that we don’t think market should be scared
of betting against him. In fact, the Yen rally and its sustainability boil down to changes in perceived
BoJ policy trajectory and international flow dynamics, generating a bullish narrative that feeds
momentum.
In the past few weeks, the BoJ has unambiguously signalled intentions to accelerate rate hikes (with
the September hike taken for granted) on the back of increasingly self-sustained wage growth and
firmer expectations of higher core inflation going forward. To some extent, PM Takaichi’s change of
heart towards a weak Yen must have helped the BoJ too. Meanwhile, capital is finally flowing back
into the Yen. Two major shifts contributed to market momentum: (i) the massive Government Pension
Investment Fund (GPIF) has recently increased its JGB allocation, making greater use of its flexibility
over the official 25% weight (now at 27%); (ii) Norges Bank last week announced it would tweak its
huge sovereign allocation favouring JGBs over US Treasury. While this move is broadly neutral for the
dollar (Norges also bought a lot of US agency paper), it did reinforce the “Buy Yen” narrative.
Crucially, these changes have long formed the basis of our own framework when predicting
forthcoming Yen strength. Admittedly, we were a bit early but given how many stars had to align for
the call to come to fruition we think it’s fair to take a victory lap here. For more detail on what’s going
on in Japan and what we expect, don’t miss Rory’s note out tomorrow. Finally, spare a thought for all
the pundits that pinned Yen weakness to Japan’s (gross) debt position. Not only Japan’s debt/GDP
ratio is not any lower than a month ago, but Takaichi seems determined to push on the fiscal pedal a
bit more… 


[Page 7]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report is
intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be
reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable but
are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or
agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is accurate, complete, or
reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts
or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it
may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this report can fall as well
as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may
have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research
report and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client.
Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the types of financial
instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No. 10232483
