[Page 1]
 
Houthis Hammer Black Gold Bears, Stocks Slide 
Despite Massive Short-Squeeze, & Momo Reversal 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
TUESDAY, SEP 08, 2026 - 10:00 PM 
Tl;dr: After a long weekend, Tuesday started with a boom (physically and metaphorically) as 
significant Houthi attacks on Saudi facilities smashed crude prices to cycle highs (Brent near 
$100) and no TACO reflexive dip, dragging yields higher, and weighing on equity futures. 
Nasdaq outperformed as AI stocks were bid on Astra's launch, helped by a big short squeeze 
and momentum reversal (MegaCap was red). The dollar was lower (even as yen soared on 
strong wages), and gold and bitcoin broke lower. 
 
Interestingly, while the correlation between rates, stocks, and crude, there were obvious trends 
that have followed together since Friday's close. A late day spike in crude (see below) prompted 
selling in bonds and stocks... 


[Page 2]
 
 
So, let's start with crude as at these levels, it remains the major driver... 
Energy 
A double whammy of major escalation by the Houthis and renewed China demand (and US 
escalation late on) pushed crude prices to cycle highs with Brent near $100 at today's highs, 
near July's highs.... 
 
Iran-backed Houthi militants directed attacks on Saudi Arabia that Saudi officials said injured 
dozens of civilians in a major escalation of tension in the region, suggesting no end in sight for 


[Page 3]
 
the conflict in the Middle East, which has disrupted oil flows through two vital arteries: the Strait 
of Hormuz and the Red Sea. 
“Oil market participants now pricing in a more prolonged disruption to shipping flows,” said 
Hamad Hussain, a senior economist with Capital Economics, a research firm. 
They and other analysts, including Goldman Sachs here, have raised oil price estimates, based 
on an expectation of increased disruptions. 
It has been a wild ride since Friday's close with crude prices up notably. While they had come off 
their highs during the US session, late in the day today, oil spiked notably as this HL hit: 
EXPLOSIONS HEARD ON IRAN'S KHARG ISLAND: MEHR, and then this: US HIT IRANIAN 
TARGETS NEAR KHARG ISLAND, US OFFICIALS TELL FOX pushing WTI up towards $94... 
 
However, Refined Products remain top of mind for most as Treasuries are tracking them and not 
crude... 


[Page 4]
 
 
Wholesale GasOil/Diesel prices are surging... 
 
Domestic Gasoline (pump) prices were the highest ever for Labor Day... 


[Page 5]
 
 
...and Domestic retail diesel prices are at record highs... 
 
The assumptions have been that higher prices (really higher gas prices) would trigger a 
reflexive push for diplomacy but Trump, this time is different with no TACO 
“The market overstated the importance of the midterm elections for president Trump,” said 
Jorge León, a senior vice president with Rystad Energy, a consulting firm. 
“The idea was that he’s going to strike a deal, bring prices lower and move on. Now it’s unclear 
whether that is going to happen.” 
So far Trump's approval is underperforming gas prices... 


[Page 6]
 
 
That late-day jump in crude snapped rates higher... 
Rates 
Some odd price action early when (longer-dated) Treasury yields suddenly tumbled around 
0830ET (no obvious news/catalyst), but by 1000ET they had reversed that decline (a move that 
sparked more than a few traders to point a finger at Jane Street for these sudden market 
moves). 
 


[Page 7]
 
From Friday's close, yields are all higher by around 2-3bps (jumping higher from being down 
around 2bps during that weird move)... 
 
Solid demand at the 3Y auction buoyed Treasuries a little with several rates strategists 
suggesting the Treasury Department boosting the size of its longer-dated debt buybacks to at 
most $10 billion per operation after Secretary Scott Bessent’s department unveiled plans to at 
least double them. 
A JPMorgan team said that $6 billion to $8 billion “would not be unexpected” in upsized 
buybacks starting this week, while Barclays forecasts just over $4 billion. 
With regard to the short-end, rate-hike expectations nudged higher (higher oil) on a relatively 
quiet day for hawks and doves... 


[Page 8]
 
 
Most eyes now on the rest of the week's auctions after TsySec Bessent said his move last 
month to expand a buyback program for older US government securities was aimed at quelling 
a “fever” in the bond market. 
“My job is to try to push things back towards equilibrium,” Bessent said in answering questions 
at a Breitbart News event Tuesday in Washington.  
“I don’t believe that I can change the equilibrium price. But nothing’s ever in equilibrium.” 
Bessent also rejected the idea that Treasuries have been dropping in recent weeks due to 
concerns about the scale of US borrowing. If that were true, Treasuries would be 
underperforming German securities, he indicated, saying that’s not happening. 
 


[Page 9]
 
“If everyone was worried about the credit of the US, you would sell US bonds and buy German 
bonds - and it’s the opposite,” Bessent said. “We’re the best performing.” 
Stocks 
That late-day spike in crude pushed the S&P and Dow towards their lows of the day. Nasdaq 
outperformed but still ended red from Friday as the late day selling dragged everything red. The 
Dow lagged notably thanks to AMGN (-260 Dow pts)... 
 
Healthcare was the ugliest sector today (weighed down by AMGN and NVS). Utes (oddly) along 
with Energy and tech outperformed... 
 
Massive - almost non-stop - short squeeze continued from the open all morning 


[Page 10]
 
 
And a massive momentum reversal (for the second day in a row - second biggest 2-day rip 
since May). Goldman's flagship momentum basket is up 15% from Thursday's lows.... 
 
Hyperscaler equities continue to tread water while their credit risk remains more ominous... 


[Page 11]
 
 
But OpenAI's Astra launch (and tech conference optimism) smashed the Broad AI basket to 
massively outperformed the S&P Ex-AI today... 
 
Interestingly most of the AI Leaders were higher today (led by Optical Networking), Software 
Infrastructure was a laggard... 


[Page 12]
 
 
Beyond AI, the Fed is of course in focus as we head 'back to school.' As Goldman's Crhsi 
Hussey notes, the FOMC meets next Tuesday and Wednesday, but before the meeting, we get 
a key inflation updates with the CPI report on Friday, Sep-11. The CPI release gained in 
importance following last Thursday's comments from Fed Governor Christopher Waller when he 
said that "recent data suggest we are finally seeing some signs of disinflation' and that 'if this 
continues in the data due over the next two weeks, I would be inclined to support holding the 
target for the federal funds rate at its current setting". 
 
...and options traders are aware. 


[Page 13]
 
Everything Else 
Despite yen strength, topping 153/USD on the back of stronger Japanese wage data overnight 
reinforces the case for further BOJ tightening... 
 
...the dollar chopped sideways most of the day ending marginally lower from yesterday's close 
but down notably from Friday's close... 
 
Brazilian markets were on fire today amid the election with massive demand for EWZ Calls on 
signs the socialist Lula may lose... 


[Page 14]
 
 
Gold slipped marginally lower yesterday and after a battle at the ... 
 
Bitcoin dumped and pumped and dumped again on the day ending down notably from Friday's 
close ... 


[Page 15]
 
 
Finally, we stole the jam out of the AI bubble's donut earlier today, we will leave on an 
optimistic/realistic data point. 
Goldman's Joseph Briggs noted (full AI Adoption Tracker note here for pro subs) that 22.4% of 
firms are using Artificial Intelligence in their regular business functions (+0.9pp From July); 
25.9% expect to use AI in the next 6 months... 
 
Does that look like a 'rapid' adoption? Seems rather linear to us... sorry we couldn't help but piss 
on today's Astra fireworks. 
 
