[Page 1]
 
Goldman Raises Oil Price Target, Sees Brent As 
High As $120, On Hormuz Disruptions Lasting Into 
2027 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
TUESDAY, SEP 08, 2026 - 06:55 PM 
Oil is close to $100 after China unleashes what appears to be the biggest post-war buying spree 
(perhaps to restock its SPR, perhaps to hammer Trump into the midterms with surging oil 
prices)... 
 
.... and as the Financial Times quotes traders that attacks on shipping and eroding inventories 
mean “something has to break” soon, and Qatar warned of an “industrial catastrophe” if this 
crisis continues – and in logistics, things can go non-linear. US diesel is already at a record 
high, and the Middle East press reports bunker fuel for ships is running out in some places. 


[Page 2]
 
 
Tellingly, Japanese shipping companies are considering a return to sails and kites to cut fuel 
consumption. That fits given Letters of Marque are a thing again now.  
Meanwhile, as Rabobank's Michael Hartnett recounts overnight, the Houthis struck Saudi 
Aramco facilities; the UN envoy warned of a wider conflict in Yemen; Israel hit Hezbollah after 
ceasefire violations; the IAEA’s Grossi said the inspecting body is “completely blind” on Iran’s 
nuke program; and Iran floated a Hormuz exclusion zone with Oman “in days”, as the Wall 
Street Journal claims its oil dollars are gone, plunging it “into crisis – and pushing it to escalate.  
Bottom line: markets are starting to accept that disruption is going to linger well into 2027. The 
question, as Michael Every put it, "is how much worse things could get as well as better." 
There is another question: how much higher will oil prices rise if disruptions aren't resolve this 
year, as now appears to be the case. Overnight, Goldman provided an answer. 
In a report from Goldman's head commodity strategist, Daan Struyven (available to pro subs), 
he raised Goldman's Brent/WTI price forecasts by $5 to $85/80 for Dec2026 and to $80/75 for 
2027, on the assumption that Mideast shipping disruptions continue into 2027. 


[Page 3]
 
 
As Struyven writes, "markets are increasingly pricing a prolonged Mideast conflict. Brent spot 
futures have risen to $97, and the options-implied probability of Brent above $100 in March 
2027 has risen from around 6% a month ago to about 25% now, 2027Q2 Persian Gulf-to-China 
crude tanker rates now price shipping disruptions lasting into then." 
 
So why does Goldman not expect an even higher price increase if supplies are to be throttled 
for months? As the Goldman strategist explains, the price upgrade is "modest" despite his new 
assumption that shipping disruptions continue because OECD commercial oil inventories have 
so far barely drawn since the war began, and because he assumes Mideast supply adaptation 
continues. 


[Page 4]
 
Reason 1: Resilient OECD Commercial Stocks 
OECD commercial land inventories — a key predictor of crude prices — have barely drawn so 
far since the war began, leaving Goldman's end-August OECD commercial oil stocks counter 
119mb above the bank's July balance estimate. The limited OECD commercial draw reflects a 
smaller-than-expected deficit amid market adaptation, and an unusually large concentration of 
global draws in OECD SPR, on water, and in China (although now that China is aggressively 
buying oil again, this will change fast). 
 
Deficit narrows. The global oil market deficit has narrowed from about 7mb/d in March 2026 to 
1mb/d in 2026Q3, as Gulf output partially recovered on higher pipeline use and dark flows, Asia 
demand remained weak, and ex Gulf output grew. Goldman's 2026Q3 1mb/d deficit is 5.4mb/d 
smaller than the 6.4mb/d Q3 drop in Persian Gulf output vs. its 2025 average, reflecting a 1) 
1.2mb/d surplus in 2025, 2) 2.7mb/d weaker demand (vs. 2025), and 3) 1.4mb/d stronger ex 
Gulf production (vs. 2025). The Americas drive the strength in ex Gulf liquids production with 
2026Q3 combined output from the US, Canada, Brazil, Venezuela, Argentina, and Guyana on 
track to be 2.3mb/d above its 2025 average with the largest contributions from the US (1mb/d) 
and Brazil (0.7mb/d). 


[Page 5]
 
 
Concentrated draws. Global visible oil stocks have declined by 543mb since the war began, or 
504mb (2.7mb/d) after adjusting for likely upward revisions (Exhibit 5, left panel, red diamond) 
as dark-crossing ships eventually turn on their transponders. Of that 543mb draw, only 26mb 
has come from OECD commercial storage—the most price-relevant category for near-term 
Brent—while nearly 200mb each has come from OECD SPR and on oil on water, and 80mb 
from China.  
 
Because Goldman's OECD commercial stocks counter remains resilient, the bank's $79 Brent 
fair value estimate is still $18 below market pricing, which embeds a risk premium for future 
draws and high disruption risk.  


[Page 6]
 
 
Reason 2: Mideast Supply Recovery Will Continue 
Goldman assumes Mideast supply adaptation continues, with output recovering as dark flows 
rise, new pipeline capacity comes online in late 2027, and the UAE and Saudi Arabia eventually 
deploy some spare capacity. Gulf liquids output has already improved from 14.3mb/d below 
Feb26 levels in April to 8.0mb/d below in July. Struyen assumes output gradually returns to 
pre-war levels by 2027H2, then overshoots as the UAE, now outside OPEC, and Saudi Arabia 
use some spare capacity to help rebuild inventories. 
 


[Page 7]
 
To Goldman, gradual further increases in Gulf Exports is a reasonable base case for two 
reasons. 
First, exports have already trended higher, suggesting producers and specialized shippers are 
adapting to a risky shipping environment, including with rising dark flows, given strong economic 
and national incentives. 
 
Second, additional resources—especially pipelines, tanker fleet expansion, and potentially 
additional ship protection—could support further export gains. Goldman estimates 3.8mb/d of 
new effective pipeline capacity addition by end-2027, driven by the UAE's West–East pipeline 
expansion (+1.8mb/d) and Saudi Arabia's Yanbu port expansion (+2.0mb/d). 
To be sure, the intensity and geographical breadth of tanker attacks — a highly uncertain 
variable — will remain a key driver of whether Gulf oil exports recover and how quickly. 


[Page 8]
 
 
 


[Page 9]
 
But what about the US SPR which is about to hit its lowest inventory on record, and will 
continue to drain as long as disruptions persist? 
Well, to Goldman, low global and SPR Oil Stocks Don't Imply Crude Prices Have to Jump 
Imminently. Here's why: 
Visible global oil stocks and OECD SPR levels are low by historical standards. Even so, they do 
not necessarily imply a crude price spike if Middle East supply continues to recover, for three 
reasons: i) history, ii) we aren't running out of oil in the near-term, and iii) China's price-sensitive 
imports.  
 
Reason 1: History 
The historical relationship between prices and global visible oil stocks is weak. In fact, when 
visible global stocks hit their all time low in November 2024 (in a sample starting in February 
2017), Brent was $76. The latest OECD commercial stocks measured in days of 
demand—which predict oil prices better than global stocks—remain 16% above their 2003 
average all-time low. In 2003, Brent front-to-back 1M/36M timespreads traded around a 
relatively high but not extreme 20% (and Brent spot prices around $30). 


[Page 10]
 
 
Reason 2: Not Running Out 
Global landed oil stocks have declined from 9.06 billion barrels before the war to 8.63 billion 
barrels today, still well above the estimated minimum operational landed storage level of 4.20 
billion barrels. Goldman uses the upper bound of the 30-40 days of global demand range for the 
operational minimum storage estimate because the global oil operational minimum exceeds the 
sum of country-product operational minima, given regional/product mismatches and potential 
export restrictions,  


[Page 11]
 
 
Reason 3: China Crude Imports Will Likely Remain Price-Sensitive 
Price-sensitive Chinese crude net imports, still down about 30% year-over-year, will likely 
moderate price upside in an escalation scenario and cushion price downside in a de-escalation 
scenario. Goldman estimates Brent fair value would be $10-15 higher if China had kept its 
imports stable in March-August 2026, triggering more significant OECD commercial draws. 
 


[Page 12]
 
Goldman expects China’s crude imports to stay low if prices remain high because the two 
drivers — lower crude demand and crude draws — look largely sustainable in coming quarters. 
The 3.3mb/d drop in July 2026 net imports versus the 2025 average reflects a​
2mb/d decline in refinery runs and a 1.3mb/d swing from stockpiling in 2025 to draws since May. 
China crude demand should remain price-sensitive because investment in electric personal 
cars, electric taxis, electric trucks, public transportation, and coal-based petrochemical plants 
has increased flexibility to switch away from oil without much pressure on economic activity. 
China crude stock changes should also remain price-sensitive because China visible crude 
stocks remain high—above 1.1 billion barrels—and even higher when invisible stocks are 
included. 
 
With all that in mind, what Goldman doesn't account for is the political angle, namely that Beijing 
may ramp demand precisely to push oil prices higher and to make Trump's life more difficult 
ahead of the Xi meeting... and into the midterms. Which is precisely what it appears to be doing 
as we discussed yesterday. 
Looking at its price target rerack, Goldman's commodity strategist concedes that on net "risks to 
our price forecast remain significantly tilted to the upside on net, especially near-term." 
Specifically, key upside price risks include more intense and geographically broader shipping 
disruptions, and damage to crude  production or export Infrastructure, which could weaken 
output in the Mideast or elsewhere for longer. Struyven sees the risk of larger or more persistent 
supply disruptions as especially high in and around Hormuz, the Red Sea and the Black Sea. 


[Page 13]
 
 
The main downside price risks are a faster Mideast output recovery and stickier demand losses. 
Our base case assumes 0.7mb/d of demand scarring in 2027, or 12% of the 6mb/d 2026Q2 loss 
versus a no war scenario. 
Goldman illustrates the significant net upside price risks with two Gulf output and Brent 
scenarios: 
●​ Price upside scenario: Brent might exceed $120/bbl if 2027 average Gulf output remains 
4mb/d below pre-war levels, versus 0.5mb/d below in the base case. The bank views 
more intense shipping attacks in Hormuz and the Red Sea as the most likely driver of 
this lower-output, higher-price scenario. 
●​ Price downside scenario: Brent might decline into the $60s in 2027 if 2027 average Gulf 
output rises 1mb/d above pre-war levels. Goldman still recommends hedging geopolitical 
risk through deferred Mar27-Dec27 European diesel timespreads, which would rise over 
100% if persistent Russia or Mideast refinery outages keep the nearby 9-month spread 
near current levels. 
 


[Page 14]
 
Incidentally, all of the above is in accordance with what the Goldman strategist told Bloomberg 
over the weekend, when Stryuven predicted that oil could hit $120 a barrel if attacks on shipping 
in the Middle East increase, and recommended bets on natural gas and diesel as a way to 
capture gains. 
“Events over the last few days do suggest that the risk of shipping disruptions broadening and 
intensifying is an important one,” Struyven told Bloomberg TV. 
In addition to Goldman’s so-called upside scenario of $120 a barrel, the bank also has a lower 
target of $80 should exports from the region normalize, Struyven said. Brent last traded near 
$97. 
“While we see meaningful upside to crude oil prices, we do recommend to investors to hedge 
geopolitical risks by going long in global natural gas and refined-oil products,” Struyven said, 
referring to bets on gains. “The supply shocks are bigger than in the crude market.” 
More in the full Goldman report available to pro subs. 
 
