[Page 1]
GS Mourad - Too much AI pessimism season 3 9 Sep 2026
Faris Mourad  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Wed 9 Sep 2026, 2:37pm ET
With growing uncertainty driven by the escalations in geopolitics, midterm elections, and Fed decision, we
like focusing on secular growth themes that
With growing uncertainty driven by the escalations in geopolitics, midterm elections, and Fed decision, we
like focusing on secular growth themes that have little sensitivity to the economy in the next 12 months.
We like buying the dip in the AI hardware theme (GSTMTDAT). See prior episodes of AI pessimism here
and here.
AI fundamentals are strong and we have little concerns regarding expected returns. Latest models continue
to impress and raise the bar for what’s to come. That is translated into equities: stocks tied to AI had a big
day amid growing enthusiasm over OpenAI's latest model, called Astra. During the first day of the GS
Tech Conference: AVGO reaffirmed its FY27/28 AI revenue targets of $115B/$230B and emphasized how
constrained supply is. CSCO highlighted Agentic AI is driving a 5x increase in network bandwidth
consumption, catalyzing a durable networking demand cycle across all of CSCO’s customer segments
including hyperscale, neocloud, and enterprise, as well as its product segments.
Positioning in AI stocks has been cleaned up. Latest GS PB data shows our stocks in our AI Hardware
basket (GSTMTDAT) long vs short ratio is at the 51st percentile relative to the last year and 83rd
percentile relative to the last three years. Stocks in our AI Power basket (GSX1POW1) long vs short ratio
is at the 4th percentile relative to the last year 14th percentile relative to the last three years. There seems
to be little direction in conviction post the unwind and it’s been a challenging environment for stock-
pickers, that makes broader basket exposures much more efficient at this time. GSTMTDAT includes all
AI hardware: semis, memory, optical networks, liquid cooling, and the construction companies involved.
GSX1POW1 includes all AI power: IPPs, utilities with high datacenter exposure, renewables, nuclear,
uranium, and grid infrastructure.
From a policy perspective, the environment improves for the AI Power theme. The Democratic AI and
energy agenda focuses heavily on "ratepayer protection," specifically calling for a shift of massive AI
power infrastructure costs away from households and onto datacenters. We believe this may be one of the
more underappreciated election-sensitive themes in US equities. The debate is increasingly moving away
from whether datacenters should be built and towards who will pay for the incremental power generation
and transmission required by datacenters. To the extent policymakers converge around datacenter cost-
bearing, utilities and grid operators could benefit from regulatory clarity, while economics for certain
datacenter projects become less attractive.
Broad AI (GSTMTAIP) vs S&P ex AI (SPXXAI) is up ~17% off the local lows. This is not the first
episode we’ve seen, but is the most aggressive.


[Page 2]
The strong anti-correlation of Broad AI (GSTMTAIP) vs the S&P ex-AI has nascently improved. The
implied correlation drop of AI names is helpful to re-risking.


[Page 3]
Latest GS PB data shows our stocks in our AI Hardware basket (GSTMTDAT) long vs short ratio is at the
51st percentile relative to the last year and 83rd percentile relative to the last three years. Stocks in our AI
Power basket (GSX1POW1) long vs short ratio is at the 4th percentile relative to the last year 14th
percentile relative to the last three years.


[Page 4]
Source: Goldman Sachs Prime Brokerage, as of 9-September-2026. Past performance is not indicative of
forward returns.
AI Hardware (GSTMTDAT) is at the cheapest valuation relative to the last ~2y:
IPPs and GEV (GSXUIPPS):
Grid Infrastructure (GSXUGRID):
Hyperscalers (GSXUHYPR):
Other sub-categories in AI:
Inference Chips (GSXUINFR)
Optical Networks (GSXUOPTI)
Memory Chips (GSTMTMEM)
Liquid Cooling (GSXUCOOL)


[Page 5]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026.
