[Page 1]
GS Stankard - GS Vol Views 9 Sep 2026
Robbie Stankard  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  GS Vol Views desk · Analyst, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Wed 9 Sep 2026, 11:24am ET
GS Vol Views – our periodic update on flows, ideas, and content from our derivatives desk. Open to
feedback so please let us know what might be most u
GS Vol Views – our periodic update on flows, ideas, and content from our derivatives desk. Open to
feedback so please let us know what might be most useful...
- Overview
- Micro
- Macro
- Light Exo
Overview: Summer is over, positioning is neutral, the near-term catalyst path is rich and vol remains
extremely cheap -- ideal conditions for adding convexity to the portfolio across both the micro and macro
space.
The desk views that owning right-tail expressions through options makes a lot of sense here given current
dynamics, especially with AI back in focus (link). However, with vol at these levels, we also still see merit
in tactical protection against near-term macro risks.
As we await critical CPI data on Friday, tech holds center stage with the ongoing GS Communacopia +
Tech conference (link) and key earnings from ORCL and ADBE. Implied move through the end of the
week is 0.91%.
Micro:
I) We have seen a sharp compression in implied volatility, especially across TMT stocks -- 1m ATM
implied vol for the NDX "avg stock" has dropped from ~57v to ~40v. That said, option positioning
remains constructive with NDX "avg stock" normalized put call skew near the flattest levels seen in the
last 20 years (Chart).


[Page 2]
II) Historically, the most in-demand Tech stocks have outperformed both broad-based market indices
(SPXXAI) and broader tech stocks (GSXUTECH) in the week following our annual GS Communacopia +
Technology conference (link).
- Trade Idea -- Buy GSCBTC10 Upside -- in either swap or option format to get targeted exposure to the
top 10 most requested companies this year (MSFT, DDOG, CRWV, SHOP, AVGO, AMD, NVDA, NBIS,
TSM, NFLX)
III) Post-Labor Day weekend, we have seen restored confidence in the memory trade and a subsequent
demand for convexity.
- DRAM 16Oct26 75 Calls, gs cust bought 10k outright
IV) Trade Idea -- Buy HOOD Call Spreads -- for a non-tech upside opportunity, driven by the rapid
scaling of its prediction markets JV, Rothera.
- HOOD Nov 145 / 180 call spread costs $4.50 (32d/12d, ref. 118.5) and monetizes steep call skew (near
~18m highs, chart)
- Fundamentally, we are constructive given Rothera's rapid scaling (reaching the 3rd-5th largest global
prediction exchange by volume) could unlock up to $19.5 billion in bull-case equity value. Excluding
Rothera's base-case value, HOOD's core business trades at an attractive adjusted P/E of ~39.2x relative to
its premium 22% revenue growth profile (for further reading, link)
Macro:


[Page 3]
I) We just traded through the lowest S&P 6m realized correlation period ever (Chart)... the history book
suggests levels this low are not sustainable and have resulted in a starburst of index vol convexity (link).
II) After Waller's remarks last week, investors turned their focus to upcoming inflation prints as critical
inputs for the September FOMC decision.
- Trade Idea -- Buy IWM Puts -- with vol near 3y lows use outright puts to hedge against a hot CPI print
(GS above consensus, link)
- IWM 18Sep26 286 Puts indicatively cost $1.70 (26d, ref. 292.30)... 2.74% move to breakeven
III) Trade Idea -- Buy VIX Call Spreads -- especially as we continue to chop in a tight band, we like VIX
as an alternative to fixed strike hedges.
- VIX 21Oct26 20 / 30 Call Spread indicatively costs $0.91 (~11x leverage)
IV) EWZ call open interest has hit all-time highs as investors secure right tail positions in advance of
upcoming elections (for the latest update, link).
Light Exo:
I) Trade Idea -- Software Palladium -- to express the view of continued AI-driven dispersion within
software, we favor a call option on dispersion (we call these palladiums) across a basket of software
stocks.
- The next 6 to 12 months will be pivotal for the software industry as AI leaders / laggards emerge; still,
the safest bet is continued dispersion


[Page 4]
Feb'27 Palladium, 25% Strike, 6.81% Offer
Basket Composition:
Bloomberg ID
Company
Sector
ADBE UW
Adobe Inc
Information Technology
AMAT UW
Applied Materials Inc
Information Technology
AMD UW
Advanced Micro Devices
Information Technology
CRWV UW
Coreweave Inc-CL A
Information Technology
LRCX UW
Lam Research Corp
Information Technology
META UW
Meta Platforms Inc-Class A
Communication Services
MU UN
Micron Technology Inc
Information Technology
NVDA UN
Nvidia Corp


[Page 5]
Information Technology
ORCL US
Oracle Corp
Information Technology
SMCI UW
Super Micro Computer Inc
Information Technology
SNDK UW
Sandisk Corp
Information Technology
Product Details:
Basket (T)
Realized Dispersion
Payout at Maturity
Max[Realized Dispersion - Strike, 0]
Maximum Loss
Premium
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026.
