[Page 1]
@GLOBALXETFS
GLOBALXETFS.COM
®
Authored by:  
Madeline Ruid
Sept 2026
Why Hydrogen? Why HYDR?
Why Hydrogen?
Hydrogen is a key industrial input for refining petroleum, producing fertilizer, 
and processing chemicals, as well as a potentially critical source of low-carbon 
energy. Global demand surpassed 100 million metric tons in 2025, up 3% year 
over year, driven primarily by these established uses.1  
Two forces could broaden the opportunity: 1) rising demand for reliable onsite 
power and 2) investment in low-carbon hydrogen production, further intensified 
by domestic energy security concerns. Together, these trends could support 
broader adoption across traditional segments as well as new end uses, such as 
energy storage, transportation, heating, and hard-to-electrify industries.
From Established Industrial Input to Emerging Energy 
Solution
(1) Data Centers Create New Growth Market for Fuel Cells 
(2) Low-Carbon Hydrogen Could Expand the Opportunity
Data centers require reliable, around-the-clock electricity, but grid connections 
can take years. Fuel cells offer a rapidly deployable onsite alternative that can 
operate on natural gas or hydrogen. Bloom Energy, for example, delivered a 
55MW fuel-cell system to Oracle in 55 days in 2025, more than a month ahead 
of the initial project timeline.2,3 
Nearly two-thirds of data center developers say they would deploy onsite 
power systems as the primary solution in the event of power grid bottlenecks, 
rather than relocate or delay operations.4 As a result, fuel cell technology 
producers increasingly highlight “bring your own power” trends as a key 
tailwind. 
Data-center investment in fuel cells is forecast to rise from $2.8 billion in 2025 
to nearly $30 billion by 2030.5 The contracted fuel cell order backlog stands at 
9GW, including agreements with Oracle, AEP, Equinix, and Brookfield.6
-
-
-
Producers of electrolyzers, which are used with renewable energy to produce 
emissions-free green hydrogen, could benefit as low-carbon hydrogen 
production costs fall, and demand and investments rise. Installed electrolyzer 
capacity could reach 7GW in 2026, up from 4.2GW in 2025.7 
Using low-carbon hydrogen can help to reduce emissions in industrial 
applications, creating a nascent yet growing market for companies throughout 
the hydrogen value chain.8 
Further policy support for low-carbon hydrogen is possible as governments 
work to derisk energy and industrial processes from global supply shocks.9 
-
-
-
HYDR: Delivers Exposure to the 
Global Hydrogen Industry
Focus on Pure-Play Companies Across the Value Chain
The Global X Hydrogen ETF (HYDR) is an index-tracking ETF that targets 
four Hydrogen Activities: (a) hydrogen production, (b) hydrogen fuel cells, (c) 
hydrogen technology, and (d) hydrogen integration. 
HYDR primarily targets companies that derive at least 50% of their revenue 
from Hydrogen Activities, maintaining a strong focus on pure-play exposure.10 
Hydrogen production, technological advancements, and demand are not 
confined to a single region or traditional sector classifications. HYDR invests 
accordingly, with global exposure across multiple geographies and the 
hydrogen industry. This allows the fund to capture next-generation energy 
innovation wherever it emerges.
-
-
-
Related ETF  
HYDR – Global X Hydrogen ETF
Click the fund name above to view current holdings.  
Holdings are subject to change.
THE FUEL CELL MARKET FOR DATA CENTERS 
COULD SURPASS $30 BILLION BY 2030
*Forecast
Source: Rystad Energy. (2026, June 25). Fuel cell investment by data centers set to grow tenfold, reaching $30 billion 
by 2030.
$0B
$5B
$10B
$15B
$30B
2025
2030*
$25B
$20B
$35B
INVESTMENT INTO ELECTROLYZER 
INSTALLATIONS IS EXPECTED TO RISE
*Forecast
Source: IEA. (2026, June 18). Global Hydrogen Review 2026
$0B
$2B
$4B
$8B
$6B
2019
2026*
2025
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020


[Page 2]
WHY HYDROGEN? WHY HYDR?
Sept 2026
@GLOBALXETFS
GLOBALXETFS.COM
®
This material represents an assessment of the market environment at a specific point in time and is not intended to be a forecast of future events, or a guarantee of 
future results. This information is not intended to be individual or personalized investment advice and should not be used for trading purposes. Please consult a financial 
advisor for more information regarding your situation.
Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price (not NAV) and are not individually redeemed from the Fund. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Carefully consider the Fund’s investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses before investing. This and other information can be found in the Fund’s 
summary or full prospectuses, which may be obtained at globalxetfs.com. Please read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. HYDR is subject to certain principal risks, including: Equity Securities Risk; Associated Risks Related 
to Investing in Hydrogen Companies; Mid-, Small- and Micro-Capitalization Companies Risk; Cash Transaction Risk; Currency Risk; Custody Risk; Cybersecurity Risk; 
Risks Related to Investing in the Electrical Equipment Industry; Risks Related to Investing in the Industrials Sector; Foreign Securities Risk; Risk of Investing in China, 
Developed Markets, Emerging Markets, South Korea, and the United States; Indexing Strategy Risk, including Index-Related Risk, Management Risk, and Tracking 
Error Risk; International Closed Market Trading Risk; Investable Universe of Companies Risk; Issuer Risk; Market Risk; Non-Diversification Risk; Operational Risk; Risks 
associated with Exchange-Traded Funds, including Authorized Participants Concentration Risk, Large Shareholder Risk, Listing Standards Risk, Market Trading Risks and 
Premium/Discount Risks; Securities Lending Risk; Trading Halt Risk; and Valuation Risk.
Hydrogen companies typically face intense competition, short product lifecycles and potentially rapid product obsolescence. They may be significantly affected by 
fluctuations in energy prices and in the supply and demand of renewable energy, tax incentives, subsidies and other governmental regulations and policies. Investments 
in smaller companies typically exhibit higher volatility.
Global X Management Company LLC serves as an advisor to Global X Funds. The Funds are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO), which is not affiliated 
with Global X Management Company LLC or Mirae Asset Global Investments. Global X Funds are not sponsored, endorsed, issued, sold or promoted by Solactive AG, nor 
does Solactive AG make any representations regarding the advisability of investing in the Global X Funds. Neither SIDCO, Global X nor Mirae Asset Global Investments 
are affiliated with Solactive AG.
1.	 International Energy Agency (IEA). (2026, June 18). Global Hydrogen Review 2026.
2.	 CNBC TV18. (2026, June 22). Voices From the Valley | AI = Power Demand Explosion | Bloom Energy CEO.
3.	 Bloom Energy. (2026, April 13). Bloom Energy and Oracle Expand Strategic Partnership to Deploy up to 2.8 GW to Accelerate AI Infrastructure Build-Out.
4.	 Bloom Energy. (2026, June). 2026 Utilities Insights: How Onsite Power Is Becoming Part of the Large Load Strategy.
5.	 Rystad Energy. (2026, June 25). Fuel cell investment by data centers set to grow tenfold, reaching $30 billion by 2030.
6.	 Ibid.
7.	 International Energy Agency (IEA). (2026, June 18). Global Hydrogen Review 2026.
8.	 Ibid.
9.	 Ibid.
10. If fewer than 25 pure-play companies qualify, pre-revenue (has primary business operations in Hydrogen Activities but does not currently generate revenue) and diversified (derives 
less than 50% revenue from Hydrogen Activities) hydrogen companies may be added, up to a combined 10% weight. Please refer to the HYDR fund page for full methodology.
FOOTNOTES
