[Page 1]
 
For sophisticated investors only 
BOJ, Fed: hawkish undertones as inflation pressures broaden 
Both central banks deliver well-anticipated rate hikes 
By Naomi Fink, Chief Global Strategist and Chief Economist 
18 September 2026 
Both the Bank of Japan (BOJ) and the Federal Reserve (Fed) raised interest rates by 25 basis points (bps) at their monetary 
policy meetings this week, to 1.25% and 4%, respectively. The rate hikes were well anticipated by the market.   
The BOJ decision announced on 18 September had been priced in almost completely by markets, and the delivery of a 7-
2 decision in favour of the hike was accompanied by paring back of recent yen buying. Although the BOJ accelerated its 
hikes to “its fastest pace since 1990,” as cited by the media, whether the central bank quickens its pace from roughly two 
hikes a year to one every quarter remains contingent on how events unfold and how markets react. Questions of where 
both “neutral” and “terminal” policy rates sit are still open for debate.   
BOJ: propagation signal is comparatively hawkish 
The BOJ’s message in September is hawkish in diagnosis, rather than cadence; that is clear from the statement (and 
supported by the summary interim update to the economic outlook). While the framing of July’s decision and Outlook already 
contained language about upside risks from oil, AI and foreign exchange (yen weakness), according to September’s 
statement, underlying inflation could rise above 2% as firms become more inclined to raise wages and prices. This shift 
may be more meaningful in gauging policy development than September’s two dissents. Those dissents, from board 
members Toichiro Asada and Ayana Sato (both appointed by Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi), appeared to 
represent outlying views not entirely consistent with the updated Outlook. 
September’s statement also noted that medium- to long-term inflation expectations have continued to rise. Taken together, 
the increasing persistence of inflation and the continued firming of expectations suggest that inflation is becoming more 
domestically driven, which is a hawkish signal. That said, the BOJ made it very clear in its statement that rates remain 
accommodative, and that it is in the process of removing accommodation rather than deliberately moving towards restrictive 
policy. 
The inflation case is stronger than headline CPI 
Although dissenting board member Asada cited recent CPI releases showing inflation below 2%, the underlying inflation 
case appears stronger than the headline figures suggest, even if core measures are not uniformly above 2%. Referring to 
the BOJ’s relatively new series of CPI excluding institutional factors, we might observe how energy has very recently 
placed downward pressure on CPI excluding fresh food, even after government subsidies are removed. Food prices, 
however, continue to exert upward pressure. In sum, the measures appear to support the BOJ’s wording that underlying 
inflation is “approaching 2%”. 
 
 
 
 


[Page 2]
 BOJ, Fed: hawkish undertones in inflation propagation 
2 
Chart 1: BOJ’s CPI series excluding institutional factors 
 
Source: BOJ, Amova Asset Management 
 
Taken together, however, inflation dynamics do not show a uniform retreat in price pressures. Overall, the voting majority 
of BOJ policymakers most likely felt that the September hike was less about reacting mechanically to current headline CPI 
and more about preventing temporary or imported pressures (from energy, AI-related investment or foreign exchange 
movements) from becoming increasingly embedded through wages, expectations and broader price-setting. 
Finding neutral: not there yet 
The illustrative models that the BOJ updates regularly on its website estimate the neutral policy rate (“r-star”) at roughly 
between -0.9% to 0.5%, which, in nominal terms, equate to approximately 1% to 2.5% when the central bank’s 2% inflation 
target is added back in. The most recent hike to 1.25% may give investors reason to place less confidence in the lowest 
estimate presented by Goy and Iwasaki (2024) shown below.  
Chart 2: Implied nominal neutral rate estimates (r* + 2% target) 
 
Source: BOJ, Amova AM 


[Page 3]
 BOJ, Fed: hawkish undertones in inflation propagation 
3 
The safest assumption may be that we have entered the bottom of this very broad “neutral” range, but that accommodation 
has yet to be withdrawn. We note that a move to 1.5% (of which some probability is priced in before the year-end) may still 
put rates in the lower end of the “neutral” range; that level may also remain in accommodative territory. 
Chart 3: Dollar/yen and US-Japan 10-year yield differential 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Amova AM 
 
Yen exposure requires a global framework 
Meanwhile, although the yen retreated from its recent gains after the well-anticipated rate hike was delivered from both 
central banks, it is also obvious that dollar/yen has not been visibly driven by relative rates for quite some time (see Chart 
3). Although the BOJ has been hiking rates slowly but steadily since March 2024 and the Fed has only recently started 
hiking, a narrower spread has not automatically led to yen appreciation. This suggests that the exchange-rate transmission 
channel of BOJ tightening is weaker than a textbook carry trade story would imply. 
However, recent market moves are still consistent with our cross-market analysis (see The yen: carrying the weight of the 
world’s risk tolerance). We may observe that although relative rates are not visibly moving dollar/yen lately, higher US 
Treasury yields are, emphasising the yen’s value as a cheaper funding currency. This means that funding conditions and 
risk tolerance also matter alongside bilateral rates.     
FOMC: higher for longer, but how much?  
The 15-16 September Federal Open Market Committee meeting outcome strengthened our inflation-constrained higher-
for-longer thesis (see Jackson Hole: Fed credibility intact). The Committee reinforced Fed Chair Kevin Warsh’s increased 
focus on inflation, and reinforced expectations of policy rates remaining elevated even after the September hike. 
In his comments, Chair Warsh explicitly linked the unanimous decision to insufficient progress in underlying inflation, 
providing supporting evidence for the reaction function we previously outlined. The September Summary of Economic 
Projections also conveyed a more restrictive policy outlook. The median projection for the Federal Funds rate at end-2027 
rates rose from a midpoint of 3.6% in June to 4.1%, although it remained flat compared to the year-end projection for 2026.  
Median forecasts for core PCE inflation in 2026 were revised higher compared to June.   
Even so, higher policy rates do not automatically mean borrowing and investment are being restrained. Credit can remain 
readily available, and investors may continue to take on risk despite higher rates. Over the longer term, however, the 
direction for policy is removal of accommodation. The impact of higher rates on borrowing, spending and risk-taking will be 
measured over quarters to come. 
 
 


[Page 4]
 BOJ, Fed: hawkish undertones in inflation propagation 
4 
Not all markets are pricing “higher for longer”  
That both central banks are raising rates is a clear indicator of their intentions to gradually withdraw the accommodation 
that has underpinned the surge in risk assets. But risk assets are not reacting proportionally to such signalling yet.  
Consequently, an undervalued yen may remain weak even as the BOJ normalises, though dollar/yen remains very sensitive 
to any shift in risk sentiment or assumptions about future funding conditions. Persistent yen weakness, in turn, could 
continue to feed import and wholesale-price inflation even as the policy-rate gap is narrowing. All else equal, this may 
support faster hikes or higher terminal rates. 
Longer-term, with rates rising not only in Japan but also in the US, the forward indicator is one of eventually tighter financial 
conditions, which means it will become increasingly tougher for “carry trades” to persist at the same magnitude. 
 
 
Important information: This document is prepared by Amova Asset Management Co., Ltd. and/or its affiliates （hereinafter referred to as” the 
Group"） and is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable laws. This document does not constitute 
personal investment advice or a personal recommendation and it does not consider in any way the objectives, financial situation or needs of any 
recipients. All recipients are recommended to consult with their independent tax, financial and legal advisers prior to any investment.  
 
This document is for information purposes only and is not intended to be an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investments or 
participate in any trading strategy. Moreover, the information in this document will not affect the Group’s investment strategy in any way. The 
information and opinions in this document have been derived from or reached from sources believed in good faith to be reliable but have not 
been independently verified. The Group makes no guarantee, representation or warranty, express or implied, and accepts no responsibility or 
liability for the accuracy or completeness of this document. No reliance should be placed on any assumptions, forecasts, projections, estimates 
or prospects contained within this document. This document should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for the exercise of their own 
judgment. Opinions stated in this document may change without notice.  
 
In any investment, past performance is neither an indication nor guarantee of future performance and a loss of capital may occur. Estimates of 
future performance are based on assumptions that may not be realised. Investors should be able to withstand the loss of any principal investment. 
The mention of individual securities, sectors, regions or countries within this document does not imply a recommendation to buy or sell.  
 
The Group accepts no liability whatsoever for any loss or damage of any kind arising out of the use of all or any part of this document, provided 
that nothing herein excludes or restricts any liability of the Group under applicable regulatory rules or requirements.  
 
All information contained in this document is solely for the attention and use of the intended recipients. Any use beyond that intended by the 
Group is strictly prohibited.  
 
Japan: The information contained in this document pertaining specifically to the investment products is not directed at persons in Japan nor is it 
intended for distribution to persons in Japan. Registration Number: Director of the Kanto Regional Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments firms) 
No. 368 Member Associations: Investment Management Association of Japan, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. 
 
United Kingdom:  This document is communicated by Amova Asset Management UK Limited, which is authorised and regulated in the United 
Kingdom by the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) (FRN 122084). This document constitutes a financial promotion for the purposes of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and the rules of the FCA in the United Kingdom, and is directed at professional 
clients as defined in the FCA Handbook of Rules and Guidance. 
 
Ireland: This document is communicated by Amova Asset Management Ireland Limited, which is authorised under the European Union (Markets 
in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. 375 of 2017) (as amended) and regulated in Ireland by the Central Bank of Ireland (C565118) 
and includes branches in Germany and the Netherlands. This document is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer, 
invitation, or solicitation to invest in any fund or investment product, or recommendation to sell any financial instrument, nor does it constitute 
investment advice. This document is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution would be 
contrary to local law or regulation and is directed at professional investors only. 
 
United States: This document may not be duplicated, quoted, discussed or otherwise shared without prior consent. An offering of any 
investments, securities or investment advisory services with respect to securities may only be made by receipt of relevant and complete offering 
documentation and agreements, as applicable. Any offering or distribution of a Fund in the United States may only be conducted via a licensed 
and registered broker-dealer or a duly qualified entity. Amova Asset Management Americas, Inc. is a United States Registered Investment 
Adviser. 
 
Singapore:  This document is for information to institutional investors, accredited investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001, 
and intermediaries only. Amova Asset Management Asia Limited (Co. Reg. No. 198202562H) is regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore. 
 
Hong Kong:  This document is for information to professional investors as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance, and intermediaries 
only. The contents of this document have not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission or any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.  
Amova Asset Management Hong Kong Limited is a licensed corporation in Hong Kong. 
 
New Zealand:  This document is issued in New Zealand by Amova Asset Management New Zealand Limited (Company No. 606057, FSP22562). 
It is for the use of wholesale clients, researchers, licensed financial advisers and their authorised representatives only. 
 
Malaysia: This document is issued by AHAM Asset Management Berhad (Registration No. 199701014290 (429786-T)), a company licensed by 
the Securities Commission Malaysia under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 to carry on fund management in relation to portfolio 


[Page 5]
 BOJ, Fed: hawkish undertones in inflation propagation 
5 
management, dealing in securities restricted to unit trusts, and dealing in private retirement schemes. This document has not been reviewed by 
the Securities Commission Malaysia. 
 
 
List of Additional Disclaimers for use in the following countries 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain: The document has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. No 
offer to the public to purchase the Strategy will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this document is intended to be read by the addressee 
only and must not be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally.  
 
Kuwait: This document is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait. The Strategy has not been licensed for offering in Kuwait by the 
Kuwaiti Capital Markets Authority or any other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. The offering of the Strategy in Kuwait on the basis a private 
placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted in accordance with Decree Law No. 7 of 2010 and the bylaws thereto (as amended). No 
private or public offering of the Strategy is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the Strategy will be concluded in 
Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or inducement activities are being used to offer or market the Strategy in Kuwait.  
 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: This document is communicated by Amova Asset Management UK Limited, which is authorised and regulated by 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended) (FSMA) and the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA) in the United 
Kingdom (the FCA Rules). This document should not be reproduced, redistributed, or sent directly or indirectly to any other party or published in 
full or in part for any purpose whatsoever without a prior written permission from Amova Asset Management UK Limited. 
 
This document does not constitute investment advice or a personal recommendation and does not consider in any way the suitability or 
appropriateness of the subject matter for the individual circumstances of any recipient. In providing a person with this document, Amova Asset 
Management UK Limited is not treating that person as a client for the purposes of the FCA Rules other than those relating to financial promotion 
and that person will not therefore benefit from any protections that would be available to such clients.  
 
Amova Asset Management UK Limited and its associates and/or its or their officers, directors or employees may have or have had positions or 
material interests, may at any time make purchases and/or sales as principal or agent, may provide or have provided corporate finance services 
to issuers or may provide or have provided significant advice or investment services in any investments referred to in this document or in related 
investments. Relevant confidential information, if any, known within any company in the group or Sumitomo Mitsui Trust group and not available 
to Amova Asset Management UK Limited because of regulations or internal procedure is not reflected in this document. The investments 
mentioned in this document may not be eligible for sale in some states or countries, and they may not be suitable for all types of investors.  
 
Oman: The information contained in this document nether constitutes a public offer of securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by 
the Commercial companies law of Oman (Royal decree 4/74) or the Capital Markets Law of Oman (Royal Decree80/98, nor does it constitute an 
offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in the Sultanate of Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive 
Regulations to the Capital Market law (issued by Decision No. 1/2009). This document is not intended to lead to the conclusion of any contract 
of whatsoever nature within the territory of the Sultanate of Oman.  
 
Qatar (excluding QFC): The Strategies are only being offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent 
investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such Strategies. The document does not constitute an offer to the public and should not be 
reproduced, redistributed, or sent directly or indirectly to any other party or published in full or in part for any purpose whatsoever without a prior 
written permission from Amova Asset Management UK Limited. No transaction will be concluded in your jurisdiction and any inquiries regarding 
the Strategies should be made to Amova Asset Management UK Limited.  
 
United Arab Emirates (excluding DIFC):  This document and the information contained herein, do not constitute, and is not intended to 
constitute, a public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates and accordingly should not be construed as such. The Strategy is only being 
offered to a limited number of investors in the UAE who are (a) willing and able to conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in 
an investment in such Strategy, and (b) upon their specific request.  
 
The Strategy has not been approved by or licensed or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Securities and Commodities Authority or any 
other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This document is for the use of the named addressee only and should 
not be given or shown to any other person (other than employees, agents or consultants in connection with the addressee's consideration thereof).  
 
No transaction will be concluded in the UAE and any inquiries regarding the Strategy should be made to Amova Asset Management UK Limited. 
 
Republic of Korea: This document is being provided for general information purposes only, and shall not, and under no circumstances is, to be 
construed as, an offering of financial investment products or services.  The Company is not making any representation with respect to the eligibility 
of any person to acquire any financial investment product or service.  The offering and sale of any financial investment product is subject to the 
applicable regulations of the Republic of Korea. Any interests in a fund or collective investment scheme shall be sold after such fund is registered 
under the private placement registration regime in accordance with the applicable regulations of the Republic of Korea, and the offering of such 
registered fund shall be conducted only through a locally licensed distributor. 
 
Canada: The information provided herein does not constitute any form of financial opinion or investment advice on the part of the Company and 
it should not be relied on as such. It does not constitute a prospectus, offering memorandum or private placement memorandum in Canada, and 
may not be used in making any investment decision. It should not be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security in Canada. This 
information is provided for informational and educational use only. 
