[Page 1]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gabelli Funds 
249 Royal Palm Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480                 
Tel (561) 671-2100 
www.gabelli.com 
September 14, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- PFAS - 
  
“Forever Chemicals” 2026 Update 
 
 
      Source: Weston Solutions 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rosemarie Morbelli, CFA 
 
 
 
 
 
Timothy M. Winter, CFA 
       
(914) 921-7757  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(314) 238-1314  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Wayne C. Pinsent, CFA  
 
 
 
 
 
Michael Neviera 
          
(914) 921-8352  
 
 
 
 
 
 
(914) 921-7716  
 
 
 


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
-1- 
 
 
- PFAS - 
Overview 
On April 10, 2024, for the first time ever, the EPA issued limits for per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), the 
“forever chemicals,” in drinking water, and shortly after, designated select PFAS compounds as hazardous 
substances. Public systems have until 2027 to finish initial monitoring; however, under a 2026 proposal, systems 
can request an extension until 2031 to meet PFOA and PFOS limits. Note that the current administration has kept 
strict limits in place for the two most common compounds of PFAS. Adherence to these guidelines will provide 
unique and timely investment opportunities for several select water and soil treatment suppliers and publicly traded 
water utilities. To reflect current developments, we are taking this opportunity to provide the 3rd update to our 2023 
whitepaper “PFAS- An Overview of the “Forever Chemicals.” We will also be holding our 4th PFAS Symposium 
on September 24, 2026 in New York City. 
 
PFAS have become an increasingly significant environmental and public health concern due to their persistence and 
inability to naturally degrade. To meet the final EPA regulations of 4 parts per trillion (ppt) for Perfluorooctanoic 
acid, or PFOA, and perfluorooctane sulfonic acid, or PFOS, the two most common PFAS found in drinking water, 
the nation’s water and wastewater utilities will require as much as $50 billion of capital investment over the next 
five years and up to an additional $3.5 billion of annual operating expense.  
 
Enforcement of the regulations will lead to increased demand for treatment equipment and capacity restraints on the 
available engineers, contractors, and suppliers to build the required treatment systems. We expect the suppliers of 
the three most recognized effective treatment technologies (activated carbon, anion exchange, and membrane 
filtration) as well as the suppliers of novel remediation technologies to be beneficiaries given the anticipated 
significant increase in demand. We also expect the nation’s water utilities to benefit from the enhanced rate base 
growth and increased acquisition opportunities.   
 
According to the EPA, PFAS are a group of around 15,000 environmentally persistent, man-made chemicals used 
in industrial and commercial applications for firefighting activities, grease resistance, water repellents, and non-stick 
cookware, among others. Currently there are over 600 PFAS compounds which are EPA-approved for sale or 
importation into the United States. These molecules, with a chain of linked carbon and fluorine atoms, are valued 
for their high resistance to oil, water and heat. Due to their widespread use, PFAS are found at low, ambient levels 
in the environment.  
 
PFOA and PFOS are two of the PFAS molecules often found in drinking water. These two legacy compounds are 
either phased out or no longer manufactured in the U.S. and Europe; however, they remain present in the 
environment. The presence of PFAS compounds in several water sources, including drinking water, is of increasing 
public concern due to their environmental persistence and perceived health concerns. As per the National Center for 
Biotechnology Information, PFOAs are estimated to be detectable in the blood of more than 98% of the U.S. 
population. Research shows that they increase cholesterol level, affect the immune system, affect fertility and child 
development, and increase the risk of prostate, kidney, and testicular cancers. As more research is being done on 
PFAS, it indicates that it can cause health risks even at very low levels, which is why regulations to reduce exposure 
have become a large focus for the EPA in the US and around the world. 
 
Exhibit 1 – PFAS Potential Risks
 
Source: EPA 
Gabelli Funds 
249 Royal Palm Way 
Palm Beach, FL 33480                 
Tel (561) 671-2100 
www.gabelli.com 
September 14, 2026 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
-2- 
 
 
Routes of Contamination 
PFAS contaminates groundwater through various pathways including industrial discharges during the manufacturing 
process, firefighting foams, landfills and waste sites, farmlands, and accidental spills (Exhibit 2). Most PFAS 
concentration is found in the environment around military bases, firefighting training locations, commercial airports, 
and former manufacturing facilities where they seeped into the local water supplies. The above occurs due to leakage, 
irresponsible disposition of waste, products dumped into rivers, and/or their presence in firefighting foams, which 
either seep into the ground, or are carried to surface water by rain. 
 
Exhibit 2   
 
 
PFAS Groundwater Contamination Pathways 
   Source: Bluetoad.com 
 
Uses of PFAS and their Derivatives  
The first PFAS were invented in the 1930s as the main ingredients in nonstick and waterproof coatings according to 
the Interstate Technology & Regulatory Council; they were initially used to protect military equipment from damage 
by the environment. The development of these chemicals increased in the late 1960s after a deadly fire aboard a US 
Navy aircraft carrier, the USS Forrestal in 1967. Soon after the accident, manufacturers and scientists developed 
PFAS-containing aqueous film-forming foam (AFFF): a mixture that rapidly extinguishes fires and is highly 
effective against petroleum fires and other flammable-liquid fires when mixed with water.  AFFFs containing PFAS 
were subsequently installed on military and civilian ships, airplanes, and at airports. 
 
The compounds have wide-ranging applications and are highly utilized due to their ability to repel oil and water as 
well as they heat resistance.  They are found in many products such as the following, among others: 
 
• 
Teflon non-stick cookware 
• 
Carpeting as stain-resistant 
• 
Upholstery 
• 
Leather 
• 
Paints 
• 
Paper & packaging (food packaging such as pizza boxes) 
• 
Apparel/textiles (weather repellent; waterproof clothing) 
• 
Floor wax 
• 
Firefighting foams 
• 
Sealants 
• 
Chrome plating/electronics manufacturing/oil recovery 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 4]
 
 
 
 
 
-3- 
 
 
Exhibit 3    
 
 
Where are PFAS Found? 
 
    
Source: EPA 
 
Regulations 
On April 10, 2024, the EPA issued its long-awaited first ever national standards for PFAS in drinking water. The 
“final” regulation (originally proposed in March 2023) established 4 parts per trillion (ppt) as the legally enforceable 
level for PFOA and PFOS.  Notably, 4 ppt is the lowest level that current technology can detect. In addition, it 
outlined limits of 10 ppt for Perfluorohexane Sulfonic Acid (PFHxS), Perfluorononanoic acid (PFNA), and 
Hexafluoropropylene oxide-dimer acid (HFPO-DA, commonly known as GenX chemicals), as well as limits of 1.0 
(unitless) hazardous index for mixtures containing two or more of PFHxS, PFNA, HFPO-DA, and PFBS. The hazard 
index is a calculation based on the amount of each compound detected weighted by its associated risk factor. 
Following this ruling, water utilities in the US initially had three years to implement testing/detection measures 
(April 2027), and two years following those initial steps to implement remediation/treatment equipment if they are 
out of compliance with the limits (April 2029).   
 
With the change in administration, the new EPA led by Administrator Lee Zeldin, reviewed these regulations. On 
May 18, 2026, the EPA announced that it will keep the current regulations of 4 ppt for PFOA and PFOS, while 
extending the compliance guidelines by two years to 2031 to allow more time for water systems to develop plans, 
and to reduce the regulatory burden on smaller systems. The EPA also announced it was rescinding the regulations 
for other PFAS compounds and mixtures, and it is reconsidering them under the legal process laid out in the Safe 
Water Drinking Act. We would note that in discussions with companies, remediation systems that would comply 
with PFOA and PFOS regulations would likely remediate the other PFAS compounds as well. 
 
Exhibit 4 
 
 
EPA Limits for PFAS in Drinking Water 
Current Limits 
“Final” Limits 4/10/24 
Revised Rule 5/18/26 
PFOA 
None 
4.0 ppt 
4.0 ppt 
PFOS 
None 
4.0 ppt 
4.0 ppt 
PFHxS 
None 
1.0 (unitless) Hazard Index 
Rescinded 
PFNA 
None 
1.0 (unitless) Hazard Index 
Rescinded 
HFPO-DA (commonly 
known as GenX 
Chemicals) 
None 
1.0 (unitless) Hazard Index* 
Rescinded 
Mixtures containing 
two or more of PFHxS, 
PFNA, HFPO-DA, and 
PFBS 
None 
None 
Rescinded 
* The Hazard Index is a tool used to evaluate potential health risks from exposure to chemical mixtures 
Source: EPA, Gabelli Funds 


[Page 5]
 
 
 
 
 
-4- 
 
 
 
Also in focus is the EPA’s designation of PFAS as hazardous materials under the Comprehensive Environmental 
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), and under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act 
(RCRA). CERCLA authorizes the President to respond to releases or potential releases of hazardous materials into 
the environment, and RCRA gives the EPA the authority to control hazardous waste from cradle to grave. 
 
In February 2024, the EPA proposed rules to designate 9 PFAS compounds as hazardous waste under RCRA, which 
would automatically classify them as hazardous substances under CERCLA. On April 19, 2024, the EPA officially 
designated PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances, meaning any entity that handles the materials will become 
liable for the recovery and remediation costs of potential environmental releases. This will require additional actions 
from waste management companies to avoid seepage from landfills and the subsequent contamination of ground 
water, and from any user of PFAS materials to employ services for hazardous waste and internal controls. 
 
How Much Will It Cost? 
The significant cost to comply with the EPA's PFAS drinking-water standards will further increase the already heavy 
capital budgets and rate base growth opportunity for the water utility industry. The American Water Works 
Association (AWWA) estimates that more than 7,000 drinking-water entry points will require PFAS treatment, 
resulting in approximately $37.1–$48.3 billion of capital investment over five years. Including operations, 
maintenance and monitoring, AWWA estimates annualized costs of $2.7–$3.5 billion, roughly twice the EPA's 
original estimate.  
 
In May 2026, the EPA proposed retaining the 4 parts per trillion Maximum Contaminant Levels for PFOA and 
PFOS, while allowing eligible water systems to apply for up to a two-year compliance extension, from 2029 to 2031. 
Importantly, the extension would not be automatic; systems that do not qualify or apply would remain subject to the 
2029 deadline.  
 
We believe the additional time could spread the PFAS capital cycle over a longer period but is unlikely to materially 
diminish the need for investment. The EPA itself noted that additional time could allow treatment costs to decline 
as technologies improve and production efficiencies develop. The agency also announced close to $1 billion in 
additional funding to states for eliminating PFAS in drinking water.  
 
For publicly traded water utilities, PFAS represents both a compliance obligation and a potentially significant rate-
based investment opportunity. The key investment consideration is not simply the amount spent, but the timing and 
certainty of regulatory recovery. Investments deemed prudent by state regulators are generally added to the rate base, 
allowing the utility to recover depreciation and operating expenses, and earn an authorized return on invested capital.  
In other words, the investment leads to higher EPS growth. 
 
American Water Works (AWK) 
American Water Works currently estimates approximately $2 billion of PFAS-related capital investment within its 
$19–$20 billion 2026–2030 capital plan, roughly double the more than $1 billion previous estimate. Approximately 
75% of AWK's overall capital program benefits from relatively timely recovery mechanisms. The company has also 
received approximately $185 million of PFAS settlement proceeds from 3M, DuPont and Tyco, which it intends to 
use for the benefit of customers.  
 
Regulatory recovery is becoming increasingly important. In Pennsylvania, 40% of AWK's capital currently qualifies 
for the Distribution System Improvement Charge (DSIC). Treatment facilities, storage tanks and PFAS-related 
investments generally fall outside the existing mechanism. On its second-quarter earnings call, management 
indicated that it is pursuing broader DSIC eligibility, which could accelerate capital recovery, reduce regulatory lag 
and potentially lengthen the period between general rate cases.  
 
PFAS therefore represents a meaningful component of AWK's long-term investment opportunity. The company's 
scale, access to capital, regulatory diversity and settlement proceeds should help finance the investment while 
supporting its targeted 8–9% rate-base growth and 7–9% EPS growth. 
 


[Page 6]
 
 
 
 
 
-5- 
 
 
H2O America (HTO) 
H2O America has increased its expected PFAS investment to approximately $400 million, from $300 million 
previously, within its $2.7 billion 2026–2030 capital plan. PFAS alone therefore represents nearly 15% of HTO's 
five-year capital program and is becoming a meaningful contributor to the company's expected rate-base growth.  
 
The largest project is San Jose Water's proposed $176 million Williams Station ion-exchange PFAS treatment 
facility. In April 2026, HTO requested approval from the California Public Utilities Commission to recover the 
project outside of its normal general rate case. Management reiterated on its July earnings call that it expects a CPUC 
decision before year-end 2026. If approved, San Jose Water would adjust rates through annual rate-base filing offsets 
as the capital is invested, reducing regulatory lag between investment and recovery.  
 
HTO also benefits from a PFAS-specific recovery mechanism in Connecticut. The state's Water Quality and 
Treatment Adjustment (WQTA) allows interim recovery of eligible water-quality investments, including PFAS-
related capital expenditures. We believe these mechanisms improve the economics and cash-flow profile of federally 
mandated PFAS investment and help support HTO's projected 13% rate-base CAGR through 2030. 
 
Essential Utilities (WTRG) 
Essential Utilities' Aqua water operations plan approximately $450 million of PFAS investment to treat roughly 300 
facilities across its service territories. Aqua has also developed a proprietary modular PFAS treatment system that 
could improve deployment efficiency across its own operations and potentially be marketed to other utilities.  
 
Approximately 55% of Essential's 2026 Pennsylvania capital spending qualifies for DSIC recovery, but PFAS 
treatment investment generally does not. On its second-quarter 2026 earnings call, management said it intends to 
continue seeking an expansion of DSIC eligibility to include additional capital categories. Broader eligibility could 
accelerate recovery while reducing the frequency and magnitude of general rate cases.  
 
How to Fund Capital and Ongoing Operating Expense? 
The PFAS investment requirement raises an important question: Who ultimately pays? We expect funding to come 
from several sources, including utility customers through regulated rates, manufacturer settlements, federal and state 
programs and, potentially, additional recoveries from companies responsible for producing PFAS. 
 
The National Association of Water Companies (NAWC) maintains that water and wastewater utilities are passive 
receivers of PFAS rather than the source of the contamination. NAWC supports the "polluter pays" principle and 
has advocated for legislation protecting compliant water and wastewater utilities from CERCLA liability. Without 
such protection, utilities that remove PFAS from drinking water could potentially face liability associated with the 
subsequent disposal of PFAS-containing treatment residuals, effectively imposing additional costs on customers for 
contamination the utilities did not create.  
 
This issue is particularly important because treatment does not necessarily destroy PFAS. Technologies such as 
granular activated carbon and ion exchange typically remove PFAS from water and concentrate it in another waste 
stream, creating additional disposal and potentially destruction costs. Thus, the PFAS investment cycle extends 
beyond construction of treatment facilities to testing, replacement of treatment media, handling, transportation, 
disposal and ultimately destruction. 
 
Federal funding will offset a portion of these costs. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act provided $10 billion 
for PFAS and other emerging contaminants, and EPA announced nearly another $1 billion for PFAS drinking-water 
needs in May 2026. However, these amounts remain relatively small compared with AWWA's estimated $37–$48 
billion capital requirement.  
 
Manufacturer settlements should provide another source of funding. AWK's receipt of approximately $185 million 
illustrates how settlement proceeds can reduce the amount ultimately borne by customers. Nevertheless, settlement 
proceeds and government assistance are unlikely to fund the entire investment requirement. As a result, a substantial 
portion of PFAS investment will ultimately need to be incorporated into regulated utility rates. 
 


[Page 7]
 
 
 
 
 
-6- 
 
 
 
Collectively, AWK, HTO and WTRG have identified approximately $2.85 billion of PFAS-related capital 
investment. We believe that demonstrates how PFAS is evolving from primarily an environmental liability into a 
significant regulated infrastructure investment opportunity for the publicly traded water utilities.  Further, PFAS 
could provide publicly-traded water utilities an additional longer-term opportunity through water-system 
consolidation. Smaller municipal systems may lack the capital, technical expertise and operating scale necessary to 
meet increasingly complex water-quality requirements economically. This could encourage municipalities to sell 
systems to larger operators such as Aqua that can spread treatment, testing and compliance costs over a broader 
customer base. 
 
We believe PFAS should increasingly be viewed as part of the broader water infrastructure investment cycle. The 
regulatory requirement creates a largely nondiscretionary need for capital, while the regulated utility model provides 
a mechanism for prudent investment to be incorporated into rate base and earn an authorized return. 
 
Forever Chemicals’ Manufacturers Settlements 
On June 2, 2023, it was announced that DuPont (DD) and spin-offs Chemours (CC) and Corteva (CTVA) reached a 
comprehensive settlement in principle of $1.185 billion to resolve PFAS claims with respect to U.S. water systems 
over the contamination of drinking water supplies. Under the agreement, Chemours will pay $592 million, DuPont 
around $400 million, and Corteva $193 million to resolve the claims related to public water systems that serve most 
of the U.S. population and would cover an estimated 88% of water utilities. The settlement received final approval 
in February 2024. Qnity (Q) was spun off from DuPont in late 2025 and now shares proportionally in DuPont’s 
portion of the PFAS liabilities under the Memorandum of Understanding with Chemours and Corteva. 
 
There are also smaller natural resource lawsuits from individual state claims which have been settled by these 
companies: a $110 million settlement from the three companies with the State of Ohio in November 2023, a 
settlement of up to $2 billion in August 2025 with the State of New Jersey to be paid over 25 years, and on September 
10th, 2026, the companies announced a settlement with North Carolina for $455 million over 15 years. 
 
In April 2024, 3M (MMM) finalized a $10.3 billion in a settlement for its part in the manufacture of PFAS impact 
on U.S. water systems. This settlement received final approval in March 2025, and requires 3M to pay the settlement 
over 13 years, with a cap of $12.5 billion if additional significant contamination is found. 
 
The $11.5 billion combined water systems settlements would cover roughly 15 years of the projected costs of 
complying with EPA’s proposed drinking water regulations, which the EPA estimates would cost utilities $772 
million annually. However, as noted, cost estimates by the utility industry are substantially higher. The National 
Association of Water Companies (NAWC) believes this is a step in the right direction, and it will continue to monitor 
the ongoing discussions around PFAS. Concerns over the disproportionate impacts on smaller municipal water 
utilities in rural communities remain, and there are sure to be continued legal challenges. 
 
Remediation and Treatment 
There are currently three recognized effective treatment technologies for PFAS removal from contaminated water: 
activated carbon, ion exchange, and membrane filtration. Removal efficiency depends on the properties of the 
influent being treated but each of these treatment methods has demonstrated removal efficiencies of up to 99%. 
  
• 
Activated carbon technologies include both granular activated carbon (GAC) and powdered activated 
carbon (PAC). GAC and PAC rely on the adsorptive properties of the activated carbon media: contaminants 
are adsorbed into the pores and held onto the surface of the carbon. PAC is typically utilized in scenarios 
where contaminant removal must be implemented quickly. It is typically added in the rapid mix tanks of a 
water treatment plant or as a separate material to allow a contact period for adsorption as part of existing 
unit processes. The principal design factor for GAC reactor contactors is the empty bed contact time (EBCT), 
which is the residence time of the water in contact with the media. Typical GAC EBCT for PFAS treatment 
ranges from 10 to 20 minutes, depending on the targeted PFAS. The EPA indicates that GAC filtration can 
remove 99% of PFOA and PFOS. The cost of GAC treatment can range from thousands to millions of dollars 
depending on the size of the treatment system, the flow rate of water, the concentration of PFAS, and the 


[Page 8]
 
 
 
 
 
-7- 
 
desired level of treatment. Costs include the purchase and replacement of GAC media, 
system installation, operation, and maintenance. 
 
Exhibit 5    
 
 
Granular Activated Carbon Treatment 
 
                                  
      Source: Calgon Carbon 
 
• 
Membrane filtration treatment of PFAS can be accomplished using either nanofiltration and/or reverse 
osmosis (RO) membranes. The process of membrane filtration involves passing pressurizing influent in 
contact with membranes with small pores. The semi-permeable membrane is only permeable to water 
molecules, so PFAS will be restricted and concentrated in the rejected stream. The treatment flow rate of 
the process is limited by the pressure and level of dissolved solids. In contrast to GAC/PAC and IX, 
membrane filtration has demonstrated PFOA and PFOS removals of greater than 99%. Removal of other 
PFAS varied from 84% up to 99% removal but was typically above 98%. Reverse osmosis uses energy to 
push water through a membrane with tiny pores. The membrane stops many contaminants while allowing 
water to pass through. Reverse osmosis is more practical as a point-of-use treatment option (not at point-of-
entry). These systems are effective for PFAS removal, but they tend to be more expensive to operate 
compared to other treatment methods. Costs depend on the system size, water flow rate, and PFAS 
concentration. Capital costs for RO systems can range from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of 
dollars, and ongoing expenses include energy, membrane replacement, and maintenance. 
 
 
Exhibit 6   
 
 
Membrane Filtration Diagram 
 
 
Source: Quench 


[Page 9]
 
 
 
 
 
-8- 
 
 
 
• 
Anion exchange, typically called ion exchange, or IX, operates in the following manner: negatively charged 
ions in the water are exchanged with negatively charged ions on the resin surface – typically chloride. Like 
GAC treatment, the IX process must be designed based on EBCT. The typical IX EBCT for PFAS treatment 
ranges from 2 to 5 minutes. As the IX media removes PFAS, the media’s negative ions will eventually be 
exhausted and will need to be regenerated or replaced after safe disposal of the exhausted media. Costs can 
range from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars. Additionally, expenses for resin 
replacement, operation, and maintenance should be considered. 
 
Exhibit 7   
 
 
Anion Exchange Diagram 
 
Source: GZ Industrial Supplies 
 
• 
FLUORO-SORB® – A more recent technology is being introduced by CETCO, a division of Minerals 
Technologies (MTX). Similar to the process for activated carbon technologies, but using a proprietary NSF-
certified material, Minerals Technologies estimates FLUORO-SORB® is 3-4x more effective and more 
economical than activated carbon. Based on groundwater studies and vetted by research universities and the 
EPA, FLUORO-SORB® can be used in existing filtration systems for both drinking and ground water, and 
with empty bed contact time as low as three minutes. In addition, it can be used as a permeable reactive 
barrier for groundwater and source control, for in-situ stabilization and solidification, and as a sediment cap 
for soil/sediment remediation. Furthermore, CETCO has 100+ successful field trials under way at utility and 
waste companies’ sites both in the U.S. and internationally. 
 
Exhibit 8   
Minerals Technologies (MTX) FLUORO-SORB Remediation 
 
Source: Minerals Technologies 


[Page 10]
 
 
 
 
 
-9- 
 
 
 
• 
Supercritical Water Oxidation (SCWO) – SCWO is an example of a destruction technology that can treat 
PFAS containing water, waste, and other liquid materials including landfill leachate and AFFFs. At high 
temperatures (>374 °C), a level at which water is considered supercritical, organic solubility is increased 
and the oxidation processes are accelerated. This method has been previously used to destroy other 
hazardous substances in water. According to the EPA, tests done have shown a greater than 99% reduction 
in PFAS using this destruction method. 
 
Public companies which would benefit by offering PFAS remediation services include: 
 
• 
374Water Inc. (SCWO): 374Water is a global cleantech technology provider which addresses 
environmental pollution challenges. As noted by its ticker and name, it developed AirSCWO, a waste stream 
treatment system based on supercritical water oxidation technology. 374Water, Inc. transforms wet wastes, 
including sewage sludge, biosolids, food waste, hazardous and non-hazardous waste, and forever chemicals, 
into recoverable resources in the United States. 
 
• 
Aduro Clean Technologies (ADUR): Aduro is a developer of water-based technologies aiming to 
chemically recycle waste plastics. It is developing its Hydrochemolytic™ Technology (HCT) that has 
potential applications for destroying PFAS. 
 
• 
AECOM (ACM): AECOM is an infrastructure consulting company providing professional engineering and 
design for construction projects. The company is focused on PFAS remediation solutions for projects. It will 
recommend and/or install the best solution available based on specific sites and requirements, including its 
proprietary DE-FLUOROTM PFAS destruction technology, which uses electrochemical oxidization to break 
up the molecules.  
 
• 
Arq, Inc. (ARQ): Arq, Inc. is principally engaged in the sale of consumable activated carbon (AC) for air 
and water treatment. Through the acquisition and its rebranding as Arq, the company is focused on 
transforming its business from Powdered AC to Granular AC for water remediation of pollutants materials 
such as PFAS. Despite recent setbacks in its launch of GAC production, the company sees large potential 
for GAC expansion and has also recently announced PAC for PFAS focused on customers who are near, but 
not at, PFAS regulatory compliance. 
 
• 
BioLargo (BLGO): BioLargo is a cleantech and life sciences innovator that develops platform technologies 
including its Aqueous Electrostatic Concentrator, a novel technology for PFAS remediation, which uses less 
material and results in less waste than activated carbon. 
 
• 
Birchtech Corp (BCHT): Birchtech develops and provides patented activated carbon technologies for air 
and water purification, with specialization in PFAS removal from water. Its technologies include its 
proprietary Rapid-Small-Scale Column Testing (RSSCT) equipment which can help water utilities in 
achieving PFAS compliance.  
 
• 
Clean Harbors, Inc. (CLH): Clean Harbors is a leading provider of environmental, energy, and industrial 
services. They offer PFAS remediation services, including soil and groundwater treatment.  
 
• 
DuPont (DD): Since its spinoff of Qnity Electronics (Q), roughly 22% of DuPont’s remaining portfolio’s 
sales are in Water Technologies, including a broad range of technologies suitable for PFAS removal. DuPont 
offers ion exchange resin, reverse osmosis and nanofiltration membranes, and closed-circuit reverse osmosis 
systems. 
 
• 
Ecolab (ECL): Ecolab is a world leader in cleaning and hygiene solutions. The company acquired Purolite 
in 2021 which has designed and developed a specialty ion exchange resin with dual removal mechanisms of 
ion exchange and adsorption technology for maximum uptake of PFAS.  
 


[Page 11]
 
 
 
 
 
-10- 
 
 
 
• 
Kuraray Co. (3405-TO): Following its purchase of Calgon Carbon in 2018, Kuraray provides activated 
carbon and other technologies for water and air purification as well as PFAS removal. 
 
• 
Kurita Water Industries Ltd (6370-TO): Kurita is a global water treatment company providing various 
solutions for water and wastewater treatment, including PFAS removal technologies.  
 
• 
Minerals Technologies (MTX): MTX is a vertically integrated specialty minerals company. Through its 
CETCO subsidiary, it developed and launched FLUORO-SORB® adsorbent in 2019, a proprietary, NSF-
certified product. Based on multiple tests, it has been found to be more effective than activated carbon and 
can be used as both a pre- or post-treatment medium for PFAS remediation, or in combination with GAC 
systems.  
 
• 
Perma-Fix Environmental Services (PESI): PESI is an environmental technology company that provides 
treatment solutions and services. It has a proprietary PFAS solution for complete destruction of the 
fluorocarbon chain with a non-incineration, chemical-based process. 
 
• 
Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK): Tetra Tech is a consulting and engineering company that provides environmental 
services, including PFAS remediation solutions.  
 
• 
Veolia Environment S.A. (VIE-FR): Veolia is a multinational company which specializes in 
environmental services and solutions. They offer various technologies and services for water treatment, 
including PFAS remediation.  
 
• 
Xylem (XYL): Xylem designs and manufactures engineered technologies for the water industry. Primarily 
through its 2023 acquisition of Evoqua, it offers a variety of PFAS remediation equipment and services.  
 
PFAS Detection 
Laboratory-based mass spectrometry remains the principal method for quantitative PFAS analysis and regulatory 
compliance. For drinking water, EPA Methods 533 and 537.1 use solid-phase extraction followed by liquid 
chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) and together can measure 29 PFAS compounds. EPA 
Method 1633A extends LC-MS/MS analysis to 40 PFAS across a broader range of environmental matrices, including 
wastewater, groundwater, soil, biosolids, sediment and landfill leachate. The increasingly stringent detection limits 
and broader range of regulated matrices are increasing the analytical complexity of PFAS testing and supporting 
demand for high-sensitivity LC-MS/MS instrumentation, sample-preparation products, consumables, software and 
laboratory services. 
 
The following are several existing methods used for detection of PFAS in water: 
 
• 
Laboratory analysis: Laboratory-based liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) 
is the primary analytical method used for quantitative PFAS testing. For drinking water, EPA Methods 533 
and 537.1 use LC-MS/MS and together can measure 29 PFAS compounds. EPA Method 1633A also uses 
LC-MS/MS to measure 40 PFAS across a broader range of environmental samples, including wastewater, 
groundwater, soil, biosolids, sediment, and landfill leachate. As PFAS regulations expand and detection 
limits become increasingly stringent, demand for high-sensitivity LC-MS/MS instruments, sample 
preparation products, consumables, software, and laboratory testing services is expected to increase. 
 
• 
Screening/Monitoring Technologies: Field test kits and other portable screening technologies are being 
developed to provide faster and potentially lower-cost indications of PFAS contamination outside of a 
laboratory setting. These tools may be useful for preliminary screening, identifying areas that warrant further 
investigation, or prioritizing samples for laboratory analysis. However, they are generally not substitutes for 
EPA-approved LC-MS/MS methods used for regulatory compliance testing. 
 
 


[Page 12]
 
 
 
 
 
-11- 
 
 
 
• 
Passive samplers: These are devices which can be placed in water bodies where they collect water samples 
over a period of time. They work by allowing water to pass through a material that can absorb PFAS, which 
can then be analyzed in a laboratory. The cost of passive samplers varies depending on the type of sampler 
and the manufacturer. Some passive samplers are relatively inexpensive, with costs ranging from a few 
hundred to a few thousand dollars per unit. However, the cost increases if more extensive testing is required, 
such as a larger number of required samplers or need for longer sampling periods. 
 
• 
Online sensors: These are real-time monitoring systems that can detect the presence of PFAS in water as it 
flows through a system. They use a variety of detection techniques, such as fluorescence or electrochemical 
sensors, to provide continuous monitoring of water quality. The cost of online sensors varies depending on 
the type of sensor and the manufacturer. Some sensors are relatively inexpensive, with costs ranging from a 
few hundred to a few thousand dollars per unit. However, the cost can increase if more extensive monitoring 
is required, such as for a larger water system or for multiple monitoring locations. 
 
Several publicly traded companies provide LC-MS/MS instruments, sample preparation products, consumables, 
software, and laboratory services used in PFAS analysis, including: 
 
• 
Agilent Technologies (A): Agilent Technologies offers analytical instruments and software for PFAS 
testing, including LC-MS and GC-MS systems. They also provide training and support services for PFAS 
analysis. 
 
• 
Agiltech SA (AGIL): Agiltech is a Swiss company which offers laboratory analysis for PFAS in water, soil, 
and other environmental samples using LC-MS/MS and GC-MS/MS techniques.  
 
• 
Bureau Veritas SA (BVI-FR): Bureau Veritas is a French multinational company which offers testing, 
inspection, and certification services, including PFAS analysis of environmental samples. 
 
• 
Danaher Corporation (DHR): Through SCIEX, Danaher offers LC-MS/MS instruments and software for 
PFAS analysis in drinking water and other environmental samples. SCIEX systems support EPA methods 
including 533, 537.1, and 1633 for trace-level PFAS detection and quantification. 
 
• 
Eurofins (EUFI-PA): Eurofins offers laboratory analysis for PFAS in water, soil, and other environmental 
samples using LC-MS/MS and GC-MS/MS techniques. They also offer field test kits for PFAS detection, 
as well as consulting services for PFAS remediation. 
 
• 
IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX): IDEXX Laboratories offers testing services for PFAS in water samples 
using LC-MS/MS techniques. 
 
• 
Merck (MRK): Merck subsidiaries Sigma-Aldrich and MilliporeSigma offer analytical standards and 
reagents for PFAS analysis, including certified reference materials and quality control standards for LC-
MS/MS and GC-MS/MS methods. 
 
• 
Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO): Thermo Fisher Scientific offers analytical instruments and software for 
PFAS testing, including LC-MS and GC-MS systems. They also provide laboratory analysis services for 
PFAS in water, soil, and other environmental samples. 
 
• 
Waters Corporation (WAT): Waters offers analytical instruments, sample preparation products, software, 
and consumables for PFAS testing, including UPLC-MS/MS systems. Its solutions support PFAS analysis 
in drinking water and other environmental samples, including EPA Methods 533, 537.1, and 1633. 
 
 
 


[Page 13]
 
 
 
 
 
-12- 
 
 
Impact on Waste Management 
Landfills continue to serve as the primary destination for PFAS-containing materials already in circulation, but the 
assumption that landfilling alone is an adequate long-term containment solution is becoming increasingly difficult 
to support. Recent studies suggest that PFAS is escaping from all types of landfills, including lined MSW facilities, 
through both leachate and landfill gas. Approximately 84% of PFAS entering MSW landfills is estimated to remain 
in the waste, while roughly 11% exits through leachate and another 5% through landfill gas. Given that U.S. landfills 
generate an estimated 15–20 billion gallons of leachate each year, tighter regulation could create a significant 
incremental cost for the industry. 
 
Exhibit 9   
 
Estimated PFAS Mass Flux In and Out of Landfills 
 
                                       Source: Sanborn, Head & Associates, Casella Waste Systems 
 
As regulators impose stricter requirements, landfill operators are increasingly being forced to address PFAS before 
leachate can be discharged. New York’s proposed July 2026 Parts 360/363 amendments would require 99.9% 
removal of specified contaminants, including PFAS, before leachate leaves a landfill, with estimated compliance 
costs of approximately $0.18-$0.42 per gallon over 20 years. At the same time, POTWs are becoming less willing 
to accept untreated landfill leachate. NWRA estimates that requiring PFOA/PFOS removal from MSW leachate 
could increase industry costs by 400-800%, or approximately $1-8 billion annually. Ultimately, these additional 
expenses are likely to be passed on to landfill customers through higher disposal prices. 
  
Once PFAS is removed from leachate, it still needs to be dealt with through either secure containment, preferably at 
Subtitle C facilities, or destruction. Heritage-Crystal Clean / Revive remains a leading commercial platform for 
Battelle’s PFAS Annihilator supercritical water oxidation technology through its 4never offering. The process first 
concentrates PFAS and then destroys the concentrated material using SCWO. Its Grand Rapids / Wyoming, MI 
facility has deployed multiple mobile units capable of treating approximately 160,000-300,000 gallons per day of 
raw leachate-equivalent wastewater and has treated leachate transported from third-party landfills. However, the 
opportunity is better viewed as a market for treating concentrated PFAS streams rather than treating every gallon of 
U.S. landfill leachate, with on-site fractionation, recirculation, and incineration serving as competing approaches. 
  
These dynamics should benefit hazardous-waste operators with Subtitle C capacity and PFAS destruction 
capabilities, while integrated MSW operators with pricing power should be better positioned to pass higher treatment 
costs through to customers. Pure-play MSW landfill owners without treatment infrastructure face greater exposure 
to rising compliance costs and the risk of POTWs rejecting their leachate. Rather than disappearing, the PFAS 
problem is increasingly becoming an embedded cost within the landfill system. 
 
 
 
 


[Page 14]
 
 
 
 
 
-13- 
 
 
 
Conclusion 
The focus on PFAS is increasing as environmental and health concerns become better known because these “forever 
chemicals” are present in our environment and bodies. Given the recent EPA regulations for drinking water and its 
designation of certain compounds as hazardous substances, with more potential regulations and implementation on 
the horizon, we expect to see water providers, utilities, and other industries move to comply. This should lead to the 
development and adoption of new testing and remediation systems not only for water providers, but also for the 
waste companies which are taking the necessary steps to comply with the new regulations. We remain focused on 
the impact of these regulations on both the companies who contributed to environmental issues and, importantly, on 
the companies which will benefit from the regulations by providing solutions to this significant issue. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Rosemarie Morbelli, CFA 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Timothy M. Winter, CFA 
              
(914) 921-7757  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(314) 238-1314  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Wayne C. Pinsent, CFA  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Michael Neviera 
 
 
(914) 921-8352  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(914) 921-7716  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
©Gabelli Funds 2026 
 
 
249 Royal Palm Way. Suite 503. Palm Beach, FL 33480 
  Gabelli Funds                                          TEL (914) 921-5000 
This whitepaper was prepared by Rosemarie Morbelli, CFA, Wayne Pinsent, CFA, and Tim Winter, CFA. The 
examples cited herein are based on public information and we make no representations regarding their accuracy or 
usefulness as precedent. The Research Analyst’s views are subject to change at any time based on market and other 
conditions. The information in this report represent the opinions of the individual Research Analyst’s as of the date 
hereof and is not intended to be a forecast of future events, a guarantee of future results, or investments advice. The 
views expressed may differ from other Research Analyst or of the Firm as a whole.  
 
As of June 30, 2026, affiliates of GAMCO Investors owned 1.1% of Minerals Technologies and less than 1% of all 
other companies mentioned. 
 
 
This whitepaper is not an offer to sell any security nor is it a solicitation of an offer to buy any security. 
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, sales charges and expense of the fund carefully 
before investing.  
 
For more information, visit our website at: www.gabelli.com or call: 800-GABELLI 
 
800-422-3554 • 914-921-5000 • Fax 914-921-5098 • info@gabelli.com 
 
