[Page 1]
Europe faces Q4 jet fuel supply deficit even as South Korea becomes latest big supplier 
Europe faces a fourth-quarter jet fuel deficit, even as it turns to far-flung suppliers including South Korea, which is set to 
boost its jet exports to Europe to a four-year high in September, according to analysts and shipping data. The continent 
has been importing more jet fuel from nations including Nigeria, the United States and Canada since the outbreak of the 
Iran war over half a year ago, which hit Middle East supplies and cut off around half of Europe's jet imports. Europe 
remains highly exposed to the risk of further supply disruption as Middle Eastern tensions rise. Consultancy Energy 
Aspects forecasts that Europe will see a fourth-quarter jet fuel deficit of 510,000 barrels per day, against surpluses of 
18,000 bpd in the United States and 419,000 bpd in Asia-Pacific. The third-quarter trend is largely the same. South 
Korea in September has become the latest large source of jet fuel shipments to Europe, according to flows data. 
European imports of the fuel from the Asian nation so far in September stand at 129,000 barrels per day according to 
commodities intelligence firm Kpler, the highest since October 2022. LSEG data shows similar volumes. With the 
continent expected to remain short of jet fuel, Europe's imports are set to continue, said James Noel-Beswick, head of 
commodities at market intelligence firm Sparta Commodities. Jet fuel is one of the so-called middle distillates, which 
include diesel and gas oil. European diesel hit a record high this week, firmer than Asia's diesel markets. The widening 
spread between the Asian and European benchmarks is making it more profitable to export barrels into Europe, Noel-
Beswick added. 
 
EUROPE'S JET FUEL STOCKS DROP 
Imports from South Korea also coincide with low inventories, with stocks held independently in the Amsterdam-
Rotterdam-Antwerp (ARA) oil refining and storage hub hitting their lowest in seven years in the week to September 10. 
Asia is a swing supplier of jet fuel to Europe and traders typically turn there when they judge the arbitrage - the relative 
prices between the two regions - profitable. Average monthly exports last year were 1.5 million barrels, Kpler data 
showed. South Korea's jet fuel output for July hit a seven-year high of almost 13.89 million barrels, while exports 
reached a 3-1/2-year high, government data showed. An increase in refinery crude processing rates has contributed to 
this rise in output, and traders expect crude runs for August to be firmer than July. Provisional government data showed 
July refining runs at 2.7 million barrels per day, up by 16% from June. 
 
China's fuel oil exports for bunkering fall to 22-month low in August 
China's fuel oil exports, which were mainly for marine fuel bunkering, fell in August to an almost two-year low, customs 
data showed on Sunday. Export volumes totalled 1.21 million metric tons in August, or about 247,000 barrels per day, 
down 35% from July and 27% lower than the same time a year earlier, based on General Administration of Customs 
data. That was the lowest level since October 2024. Some bunkering was hampered by weather at China's main vessel 
refuelling hub in Zhoushan, market sources said, but prices of low-sulphur marine fuel at Chinese bunker ports have 
remained below those at regional bunker hub Singapore. Meanwhile, China's fuel oil imports, which typically head to 
refineries and also to the marine fuel blending pool, totalled 1.3 million tons for August, up 15% month on month and 
down 11% year on year. Buying sentiment for fuel oil in the third quarter has improved from the second quarter but has 
remained capped because independent refineries still had crude import quotas to utilise. China's crude oil throughput 
climbed for a second month in August, supported by stronger refined fuel exports after Beijing eased export restrictions 
in mid-July. The table below shows China's fuel oil exports and imports in metric tons. The export section largely 
captures low-sulphur bunkering sales along China's coast. The import volumes include purchases under ordinary trade 
subject to import duties and consumption tax, as well as imports into bonded storage. 
 
Egypt diversifies wheat imports away from Russia and Ukraine, minister quoted as saying 
Egypt is diversifying its source of wheat imports towards France and other European suppliers, moving away from 
Ukraine and Russia where supplies have been disrupted, Supply Minister Sherif Farouk was quoted as saying on 
Sunday. The minister's remarks were quoted by television host Ahmed Moussa and later confirmed by a ministry 
spokesperson. Egypt has increased its engagement with Bulgaria and Romania and is boosting its focus on France, 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 
Top News - Agriculture 


[Page 2]
which is emerging as a key supply partner, Farouk was quoted as saying. Cairo has a 50,000-metric ton wheat shipment 
en route from France, with shipments from that country continuing, according to the comments. Egypt's wheat reserves 
are sufficient for more than six months of strategic consumption, Farouk was quoted as saying. The Supply Ministry is in 
discussions with the country's state grain buyer, Future of Egypt Authority, and the Finance Ministry to purchase 
additional wheat quantities as a hedge against potential future price increases. The plan is to buy more once global 
wheat prices ease slightly, according to Farouk's comments. Egypt is one of the world's largest importers of wheat, 
which supplies a subsidised bread program that underpins food security for tens of millions of its citizens. It has pushed 
to diversify its imports and reduce its heavy dependence on Russian and Ukrainian wheat supplies, which were 
disrupted in recent weeks. 
 
Record US diesel prices squeeze farmers; food prices may rise 
In northeast Missouri, Addie Yoder, a corn, soybean and cattle farmer, runs two combines, three semi-trucks and 
several tractors from mid-September to late October to harvest and transport her crops. With diesel prices at record 
highs and just one combine requiring 300 gallons of the fuel, the best she can do is try to curb other expenses, she said. 
In southeast South Dakota, Drew Peterson, a soybean, corn and cattle farmer, expects to spend as much as $1,500 per 
day to fuel just one of his combines this season, double last year's costs, among the many machines he must use to 
bring in his crop. "You can't just say, well, diesel is expensive, I'm not going to harvest," he said. "You've just got to 
make it work in your budget." Across the U.S., farmers are confronting record-high diesel prices during the height of 
harvest season, further squeezing already thin margins. Price hikes seem inevitable at America's grocery stores ahead 
of November's midterm elections, where cost of living is expected to be a primary voter concern. Global fuel supplies 
have been squeezed by the U.S.-Israeli war on Iran and Ukrainian attacks on Russian refineries. The average U.S. 
diesel price hit a new record this week, $6.29 per gallon, up 68% from $3.74 a year ago, according to Energy 
Information Administration data. Higher diesel prices raise costs in every step of the food supply chain, from harvesting 
on farms to freight delivery that carries food to grocery stores, said David Ortega, an economist at Michigan State 
University. "The majority of our food moves on trucks and those trucks use diesel," Ortega said. Consumer food prices 
rose 2.7% year-on-year in August, according to the latest Consumer Price Index. 
 
FUEL PRICES DOUBLING 
Farmers have access to off-road diesel, which is not subject to state and federal taxes. But even with the discount, many 
farmers are still paying significantly more for fuel than last year. Wayne Gularte, who grows a variety of vegetables on 
roughly 600 acres near Gonzales, California, said his fuel costs have risen about 40%, from roughly $5 a gallon to $7 a 
gallon. To save on costs, he has put some older gasoline-powered tractors from the 1950s back into service and parked 
one of the farm's diesel pickups. "The only money we can make is the money we save," Gularte said. Farm fuel costs 
are up $11 per acre from last year for corn and $7 per acre for soybeans, according to Michael Langemeier, an 
economist at Purdue University. Corn, soy and wheat futures all have rallied significantly since mid-August and hit multi-
year highs in early September. Still, farmer margins remain thin compared to historical averages, said University of 
Illinois agricultural economist Nick Paulson, who warned high fuel prices could raise costs next year for seed and 
fertilizer. "The concern is that $6-plus per gallon diesel is going to start to put some inflationary pressures on everything 
else, and even to some of that better profitability potential," he said. Many farmers have already tightened their belts, 
leaving little margin to accommodate fuel price increases, said Jon Paul Driver, a hay farmer near Spokane, 
Washington, and second vice president of the Washington Farm Bureau. "Any increase in fuel right now is additional 
debt for the farm," Driver said. U.S. Senator Roger Marshall, a Republican from Kansas, asked Agriculture Secretary 
Brooke Rollins in a September 11 letter to provide temporary relief to farmers as they "absorb substantial unplanned fuel 
costs during one of the most diesel-intensive periods of the year." A USDA spokesperson said the agency is "not leaving 
any stone unturned" on high diesel prices and pointed to a September 15 NewsMax interview in which Rollins said she 
would have more to announce on the topic in the coming weeks.  
 
FOOD PRICES COULD RISE 
Though fuel accounts for a small share of the cost of food, consumers could still see prices rise as the supply chain 
absorbs higher fuel costs over the coming months, Ortega said. Those effects could take time to play out because 
retailers may attempt to absorb short-term price increases, or because freight contracts locked in at lower prices do not 
yet reflect fuel surcharges, Ortega said. He added that some of the items most vulnerable to price hikes are grocery 
essentials like produce, dairy and meat that require fuel-intensive refrigerated trucking. Rates to move apples and pears 
via refrigerated trailers out of Washington State’s Yakima Valley have hit a four-year high with the harvest season only 
halfway over, said Dean Croke, principal analyst at DAT Freight & Analytics. The cost to transport produce out of 
California is up 40% to 120% from a year ago. In some California cities, diesel prices have topped $8 per gallon, Croke 


[Page 3]
said. Independent truckers, who typically pay for fuel up front, may not be able to withstand further hikes, Croke said. 
"We're about to see diesel price-driven bankruptcies" of trucking firms, he said. 
FOCUS-Niche metals test West's resilience to Chinese export curbs 
Three years on from China curbing exports of two niche metals vital to the chipmaking, clean energy and defence 
sectors, the West is still feeling the price pain and waiting for its own production to come to the rescue. The export curbs 
on gallium and germanium have forced Western companies to stockpile, seek alternative supplies, and explore new 
designs and substitutes. But the decisive response is only now taking shape, with several Western production projects 
announced in recent months aimed at finally breaking China's stranglehold on the niche but vital market. With prices 
now at 9 to 10 times 2023 levels, that new supply cannot come soon enough. "These export controls have acted as a 
real wake-up call... In response, companies are increasingly diversifying their procurement strategies, turning to 
recycling, alternative suppliers and emerging non-China projects where possible," said Cristina Belda, senior analyst at 
Argus. Manufacturers of infrared optics used in defence and thermal imaging systems have particularly struggled with 
tight supply, she said. 
 
AI CONTRIBUTING TO RISING DEMAND 
While production projects take shape, the AI boom, expanding fibreoptic networks and growing use of infrared imaging 
are pushing up demand. Gallium demand is seen rising by about 12% per year through 2030 from about 1,000 metric 
tons in 2025, preliminary S&P Global estimates show. Global germanium demand is set to rise by 3.3% annually over 
the same period from an estimated 343 tons in 2025, S&P Global said. Yet consultancy Project Blue estimates China in 
2025 still accounted for 98.9% of primary gallium supply and 68.6% of germanium supply, underscoring the scant 
progress made so far in reducing China's dominance. In introducing its export controls in 2023, later expanded to 
include rare earths and other critical minerals, Beijing used that dominance as leverage in trade and other disputes. 
 
METALS SUBSTITUTION 
Replacing either metal — primarily byproducts of alumina and zinc processing — with other materials brings its own 
challenges. "There is no one-to-one substitute for germanium," said Jessica DeGroote Nelson, senior vice president of 
precision optics at US-based Edmund Optics, noting using other materials would require redesigns. "It's not impossible, 
but it is very challenging." A source at another optics company said it has succeeded in switching to substitutes in some 
applications, halving germanium use over the past 18 months, using Western suppliers and raising its prices. "We do 
have many customers who are willing to purchase at current prices, the issue here is the availability of supply," the 
person said. Industry participants say gallium arsenide is being replaced by indium phosphide in some semiconductor 
applications while zinc selenide, zinc sulphide, silicon and chalcogenide glass are gaining traction as germanium 
alternatives in some infrared applications. Still, all those require costly technological adjustments that take time, industry 
insiders say. Stockpiling is another response. DeGroote Nelson said some customers buy germanium before designs 
are even finalised in order to ensure availability when production begins. Recycling is yet another route being taken by 
US-based Lattice Materials, which uses germanium to produce crystals for displays in fighter jets, tanks and other 
military equipment. "We don't see supply loosening up anytime in the near-term," company president Travis Wood told 
Reuters. "Every data point we've seen shows prices to at least stay at current high levels or even continue the upward 
trend," Wood said. Belgium's Umicore has also been working with STL, a unit of Gécamines that processes mining 
waste in the Democratic Republic of Congo, to boost germanium recovery.  
 
PLAYING CATCH-UP 
As the race to build new supply gathers momentum, the pressure from ever rising demand means some producers say 
they are already playing catch-up. In Greece, METLEN, which has begun pilot-scale production and aims to produce 50 
tons of gallium annually by 2028, says demand from potential customers now already exceeds that target several times. 
In April, Australia and the US pledged over $3.5 billion to support a range of critical minerals projects, including gallium 
and germanium, nearly doubling an initial amount agreed last year. Underscoring the need for that support, S&P Global 
expects ex-China gallium supply capacity to total 20 tons by the end of 2026, leaving a supply gap of about 678 tons. 
Non-Chinese germanium metal production is seen at 31 tons, or 177 tons short of demand. Jack Bedder, founder and 
director of consultancy Project Blue, told Reuters that the emergence of credible projects with government support offers 
a chance for greater diversification, but the economies of scale still favour China with its enormous capacity and 
Top News - Metals 


[Page 4]
production costs new Western projects will struggle to match. "We think a material reduction in dependence is 
achievable over five years, but eliminating dependence on China is much less realistic." Government support such as 
price floors will probably be needed to bring new supply and ensure its long-term commercial viability, said Piyush Goel, 
consultant at London-based consultancy CRU. By 2030, S&P Global estimates eight announced projects, including 
Wagerup in Australia and Clarksville in the United States, could boost ex-China gallium supply to about 386 tons from 
roughly 5 tons currently. Yet even that will leave ex-China demand looking to China for 65% of its supply, Reuters 
calculations based on S&P data show. New germanium projects in Canada, South Korea and the United States are 
expected to help lift ex-China germanium refining capacity to 126 tons by 2030. But even with five ex-China refineries 
potentially operating, capacity would cover only about 48% of projected ex-China demand, according to S&P. 
 
EARLY STAGES 
Several of the announced gallium projects, including those planned by METLEN in Greece, Alcoa and Sojitz in Australia, 
Rio Tinto and Indium Corporation in Canada, and Nalco in India, are still being developed and have yet to reach full 
commercial production. New entrants complement those efforts — Korea Zinc is developing gallium and germanium 
capacity at home and at a planned Tennessee refinery, and US-based ReElement Technologies is developing a refining 
complex in Indiana. Titan Mining, a zinc and graphite producer, expects to start germanium production in New York state 
by year-end at 2.5 to 3 tons, or about 7% to 10% of US demand. At the same time, a handful of established non-
Chinese germanium suppliers are working to boost their output. Canada's Teck Resources struck a deal with Ottawa in 
July to support an expansion of production at its facility in Trail, British Columbia.  
 
EXPLAINER-What's next for Trump's aluminum smelter project in Oklahoma? 
US President Donald Trump's goal of building a large aluminum smelter in Oklahoma passed a major hurdle in late 
August when Republican voters nominated a candidate for governor who supports its construction after an unusually 
tough primary battle. The project must now overcome significant opposition in the small rural community of Inola, where 
many residents are working to block plans by Emirates Global Aluminium and Century Aluminum to build the $4 billion 
smelter. A moratorium on smelter permits — which Inola officials imposed in June — was set to expire on September 
28, but the city council voted unanimously on September 14 to extend it through April 2027 and to hold a referendum on 
whether it should be built. City officials had supported the project for years before turning against it earlier this year. 
Aluminum is essential to transportation, defense, aerospace and electrical infrastructure, but the US imports roughly 
60% of the primary aluminum it uses. Here's a look at what's next for the project, which would be the Western 
Hemisphere's largest source of the critical mineral and the first aluminum smelter built in the US since 1980.  
 
WHY IS THE SMELTER AN ISSUE IN THE GOVERNOR'S RACE? 
The proposed smelter, which would produce 750,000 metric tons per year of aluminum, emerged as a key issue in the 
contentious race for Oklahoma governor. Gentner Drummond, the state's attorney general who ran for the Republican 
nomination for governor, opposes the project over environmental concerns and filed a lawsuit in June in state court 
seeking to block it. Drummond's opponent, former state Senator Mike Mazzei, had opposed the project until the day 
Trump endorsed him in May. Neither Drummond nor Mazzei garnered 50% of the vote in a June primary. That forced an 
August 25 runoff that Mazzei won by less than a percentage point, roughly 2,000 votes. Days ahead of the runoff, Trump 
said in a social media post that there were "20 other sites that would love to have" the smelter if it were not built in 
Oklahoma. 
 
WHAT IS THE STATUS OF DRUMMOND'S LAWSUIT? 
EGA and Century Aluminum tried to move Drummond's lawsuit to federal court, citing aluminum's importance to US 
national security. The US Justice Department commented in support of the project and against the lawsuit, saying it is 
"committed to supporting military readiness and opposing litigation that subverts environmental regulatory processes 
established by Congress." Earlier this month, though, a federal judge granted Drummond's request to have the suit 
remain in state court, where the case is continuing. 
 
WHAT DO LOCAL OFFICIALS SAY ABOUT THE PROJECT? 
The Inola City Council voted in June for the moratorium after a contentious public hearing in which some residents 
suggested the smelter should be built at Mar-a-Lago, Trump's private Florida members' club. That moratorium was 
extended earlier this week through April 7, 2027, when a referendum will be held on whether the smelter should be built. 
The council has jurisdiction because the smelter is being developed in Port of Inola industrial park, which was created 
after the Tulsa-Rogers County Port Authority bought more than 2,000 acres (809 hectares) at the site in 2019. Term-


[Page 5]
limited Governor Kevin Stitt said the industrial park could be moved outside city limits if the Inola council continues to 
oppose the smelter. That would remove the smelter from the council's jurisdiction. "The port authority has chosen to be 
in the city limits, and they can choose to leave," Stitt told Reuters. It is not immediately clear how Stitt could achieve that 
goal as state law requires local approval for such a move. City officials did not respond to requests for comment.  
 
WHAT ARE THE COMPANIES SAYING? 
Abu Dhabi-based EGA and Chicago-based Century Aluminum said they were disappointed by the moratorium extension 
and think putting the smelter up for a referendum is premature given the court case. "Moving forward with a vote before 
the appeals process undermines basic due process and exposes Inola taxpayers to significant financial and legal risk," 
the companies said in a statement. Both companies said this month in a regulatory filing they now plan to reduce 
fluoride emissions from the proposed smelter by 37%. They also said they plan to release an economic impact study 
within weeks. "Community trust, transparency and responsible development remain central to our approach," said Ziad 
Fares, a developer on the project's engineering team. 
US, China discuss cutting tariffs on US LNG ahead of Xi visit 
The US and China are discussing a plan to reduce or eliminate China's tariffs on American LNG as part of a broader 
package of energy and agriculture agreements that could be announced when Chinese President Xi Jinping visits 
Washington next week, according to two people briefed on the discussions. The potential relief on US exports of 
liquefied natural gas is being discussed alongside a broader framework under which the US and China would each cut 
tariffs on about $30 billion of goods, the people said. China imposed a 15% tariff on US LNG in February 2025 in 
retaliation for President Donald Trump's duties on Chinese goods. That effectively halted the US-China LNG trade, with 
the last significant cargoes arriving early that year. American LNG producers are seeking new markets to absorb a wave 
of new export capacity being built along the US Gulf Coast, with years of trade tensions with China having made one of 
the world's biggest LNG markets less accessible. The discussions are part of efforts to stabilize trade ties ahead of a 
September 24 meeting between Trump and Xi and are not final, the people said. Neither the White House nor the 
Chinese embassy in Washington responded to requests for comment. The American LNG industry is entering a major 
expansion phase, with export capacity set to grow by roughly 10 billion cubic feet per day through 2027 as new and 
expanded facilities ramp up, with projects involving Cheniere Energy, Venture Global, Sempra, NextDecade and Exxon 
Mobil among those adding capacity. The return of Chinese buyers would give US producers another major destination 
for their gas just as geopolitical upheaval is reshaping global energy flows, potentially helping underpin demand for 
projects now under construction and those seeking financing and long-term customers. Of the almost 100 million metric 
tons of LNG capacity under construction in the US, 24.5 million metric tons have not yet been contracted to long-term 
customers, according to industry estimates and Reuters analysis.  
 
GLOBAL LNG FLOWS 
After Russia's 2022 invasion of Ukraine disrupted Europe's access to Russian pipeline gas, US LNG cargoes that might 
otherwise have gone to Asia were increasingly drawn to Europe. The ongoing conflict in the Middle East between the 
US and Iran, meanwhile, has created another shift in global energy flows, with disruptions to supplies increasing 
competition for LNG cargoes in Asia. China is the world's largest LNG importer and the US is the world's largest LNG 
exporter, giving the two countries an economic incentive to restore a trade relationship that was rapidly expanding 
before the tariff dispute. US LNG exports to China fell from 64 vessels in 2024 to effectively zero in 2025 after Beijing 
imposed the tariff, according to US government data. In 2021, the number had reached a record 131 vessels, reflecting 
the rapid growth of the US LNG trade with China after large-scale exports from the Lower 48 states began in 2016. US 
LNG shipments to China fell to just two vessels in 2019 during Trump's first-term trade dispute with Beijing, before 
rebounding sharply in 2020 and 2021. In recent months, several US cargoes that left Gulf Coast export terminals have 
arrived in China or are headed there, according to LSEG shipping data, suggesting Chinese buyers had started to return 
to the US market even as the tariff remained in place. US LNG exports averaged 17.4 bcf/d in the first half of 2026, up 
23% from a year earlier, according to the Energy Information Administration. 
 
EU ministers to discuss taxing windfall profits of energy companies as oil prices surge 
European Union finance ministers will discuss on Friday whether to impose an EU-wide windfall tax on energy 
companies benefiting from a surge in oil and gas prices following the closure of the Strait of Hormuz, with further talks 
Top News - Carbon & Power 


[Page 6]
expected in October. The debate was triggered in late August when the finance ministers of Germany, Spain, Portugal, 
Italy, Poland and Austria warned that consumers were facing one of the biggest oil supply shocks in decades, fuelling 
voter discontent over rising living costs. Parliamentary elections are due next year in France, Italy, Spain, Poland, 
Greece, Finland, Slovakia and Estonia. Oil futures have climbed back above $100 a barrel, about 50% higher than 
before the Iran war, as escalating attacks across the Middle East threaten more supply routes. Derivatives markets 
suggest traders do not expect a near-term drop in prices. Arriving at a meeting of EU finance ministers in Dublin, 
German Finance Minister Lars Klingbeil called on the European Commission to propose ways to tax what he called 
excessive profits of oil companies. "The Commission has been very reserved on this issue, although several member 
states have been calling for models to be presented for a long time. This must happen by the next Ecofin (EU finance 
ministers) meeting in October at the latest, and today I will make that pressure clear again, also on behalf of the others," 
Klingbeil said. "People in our countries can currently see how oil companies are exploiting the situation, overcharging 
people, and significantly increasing their profits. You can see that very clearly in their balance sheets .... If companies 
are overcharging in a situation like this, then we must pursue the matter consistently. That is my very clear expectation 
of the Commission: to present proposals now," he said. But EU Economic Commissioner Valdis Dombrovskis said the 
Commission had no plans for now to propose an EU-wide taxing mechanism, saying that EU countries were in charge of 
their taxes and free to do as they liked. "We have been clear that, in a sense, that it is in the hands of member states. 
Member states can go ahead and take those decisions on taxing of windfall profits. And if necessary, the Commission 
side are certainly ready to engage in the discussions. At this stage, we are not putting forward an EU-wide proposal, but 
there is a possibility, certainly, for member states to proceed with this,” Dombrovskis said. 
 
China's soybean imports from the US fall 12% in August 
Chinese imports of soybeans from the United States fell 12% in August from a year earlier, as most of the 12 million 
metric tons of soybeans China purchased late last year, following a summit in Busan, South Korea, have already arrived 
at ports in recent months. China imported 200,477 metric tons of soybeans from the United States in August, down from 
227,205 tons in the same month of 2025, data from the General Administration of Customs showed on Sunday. Imports 
from Brazil rose 1% year-on-year to 10.61 million tons from 10.48 million tons in August last year. China, the world's 
largest soybean buyer, brought in 12.14 million metric tons in August, down 1.1% from 12.28 million tons a year earlier 
and up 5.7% from July. In the January-August period, soybean imports from the U.S. fell 34% from a year earlier to 
10.66 million tons, while shipments from Brazil rose 5% to 55.14 million tons. China had also passed the halfway mark 
toward its 25 million-ton U.S. soybean purchase target for this year, with shipments beginning in September. Trade 
tensions between Beijing and Washington last year had prompted Chinese buyers to delay purchases of the previous 
U.S. harvest until after an October summit between the two countries' leaders. Following the meeting, Beijing purchased 
around 12 million tons of U.S. soybeans, still well below levels from before the trade war. Traders told Reuters last week 
that China had passed the halfway mark toward its commitment to buy 25 million metric tons of U.S. soybeans in 2026, 
a pledge agreed with Washington last October and reaffirmed in May. Traders hope the summit between U.S. 
Presidents Donald Trump and China's President Xi Jinping next week will provide greater clarity on China's future 
demand for U.S. soybeans. 
 
Vessels trickle through Strait of Hormuz as Middle East conflict persists 
A dozen commodity vessels transited the Strait of Hormuz on the weekend, down from 35 the prior weekend, shipping 
data showed, as tension in the Gulf persisted with the US and Iran in stalemate. Visible traffic through the strait, the 
conduit for a fifth of the world's oil and liquefied natural gas before the war, has dwindled to a trickle. However, Middle 
Eastern producers continue to export oil on tankers travelling with their transponders off. Among trackable ships, four 
vessels — two tankers carrying refined oil products and two empty carriers for bulk goods and gas — exited the strait on 
Sunday, while another two small-sized oil tankers entered the Gulf, provisional data from analytics firm Kpler showed. 
On Saturday, five vessels left the Gulf carrying agricultural products, liquefied petroleum gas and fertiliser while an 
empty very large gas carrier entered, the data showed. Before the US-Israeli war with Iran started on February 28, the 
strait typically handled about 125 large, commercial vessels per day, including tankers, gas carriers, bulkers and 
container vessels. 
 
SAUDI CRUDE EXPORTS RISING 
The attacks by the Houthis on Saudi Aramco's East-West pipeline have prompted the state energy firm to increase 
exports through the Strait of Hormuz this month and next after halting some shipments via Yanbu. That enabled exports 
from the OPEC kingpin to recover to over 4 million barrels per day (bpd) so far in September after slumping to 2.4 million 
Top News - Dry Freight  


[Page 7]
bpd in August, the lowest since at least 2013, according to provisional data from Kpler. A total of 13 tankers, mostly very 
large crude carriers carrying 34 million barrels of crude, exited the strait in the week of September 13, Kpler data 
showed. Saudi Arabia accounted for half of the exports, while 35% of the volume came from Iraq. "Middle East oil flows 
remain surprisingly strong despite the disruption to Saudi Arabia's East-West pipeline," JPMorgan analysts said in a 
note on September 18, adding that the total oil flows averaged 17.1 million bpd in the past 10 days, just 6.1 million bpd 
below the 2025 average. "The most notable pivot has come from Saudi Arabia," the analysts said, as satellite data 
indicated Saudi oil moving through the Strait of Hormuz averaged 2.9 million bpd over the past six days, up from just 
700,000 bpd in August. 
 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Ahona Sengupta in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
