[Page 1]
Bonds, ballots, and  
the elephant in the room
MARKET PERSPECTIVE  I  SEPTEMBER 2026


[Page 2]
Three themes have been shaping portfolios through the summer: politics; bond yields; 
and (inevitably) AI.
The collapse of the US-Iran ceasefire has pushed oil prices higher again, but not (yet) to 
levels which threaten more significant disruption to global business. Further escalation is 
possible – but, even at this stage, so too are more constructive outcomes. 
More generally, populism remains rampant, and not just in the US. Below we survey the 
field, from looming US midterms to France’s presidential race in 2027. The most common 
theme may be an instinct to “stick it to the man”, but its investment implications are 
unclear. 
Meanwhile, that rebound in oil prices has coincided with a further re-think on interest 
rates and bond yields, with central banks following through as we write. Many longer-
dated yields in particular have reached levels not seen for a while. 
However, we argue that those yields are in fact not (yet) that remarkable – recent history 
has hardly been “normal” – and that their drivers are more nuanced than headlines 
suggest. And if economic growth is one of those drivers, it is far too soon to see yields 
themselves as recessionary. 
The third theme – AI – must, in this Market Perspective, remain the elephant in the room. 
Our longer-term thinking on stocks has not changed, but our view of 2026 corporate 
earnings certainly has. AI has driven a big chunk of a remarkable surge, which is 
supporting stock prices and muting the impact of higher discount rates on near-term 
valuations. With US stock indices recently touching all-time highs, the 12-month forward 
P/E ratio is 20x – which, with Return on Equity at a record 20%, is far from outlandish.
The problem, of course, is that it is the build-out of AI capacity, not its use, which is 
largely driving those earnings. Despite the increasingly King Lear-like proclamations of 
its creators (“I will do such things… What they are, yet I know not: but they shall be… The 
terrors of the earth!”) we still suspect that AI’s near-term impact may be less dramatic.
Kevin Gardiner / Victor Balfour 
Global Investment Strategists
Foreword
CONTENTS
03	 Bonds: licence to thrill? 
08	 Politics and populism
Image: Courtesy of the Rothschild 
Archive
Wealth Management New Court St. 
Swithin’s Lane London EC4N 8AL 
+44 20 7280 5000  
rothschildandco.com
© 2026 Rothschild & Co  
Wealth Management
Publication date: September 2026. 
Values: all data as at 16 September 
2026, text as of 16 September 2026.
Sources of charts and tables: 
Rothschild & Co or Bloomberg 
unless otherwise stated.


[Page 3]
“It’s the economy, stupid!” – James Carville, 1992
SOARING YIELDS, SURGING CRUDE, STIFLING DEBT
Boring bonds? Not recently. After spending most of a decade at historic highs, bond prices 
slumped as interest rates rebounded sharply after 2021. They seemed to settle in 2024-25, but 
in 2026 the slide has resumed, gaining momentum and visibility (bonds are in the news!) in 
recent weeks. 
As prices fall, yields rise. Longer-dated bonds, with their greater duration (a measure of where 
their cash flow is centred) have been the most volatile. 
The biggest moves and highest yields are at the illiquid, far end of the yield curve, a noisy place 
at the best of times. The 30-year UK gilt yield is at levels last seen in 1998. But some more liquid 
and influential ten-year yields, notably in Germany and the UK, have also broken out of recent 
trading ranges and are at post-GFC (Global Financial Crisis) highs (figure 1).
The renewed slide in bonds in 2026 has coincided with the US-Iran conflict, and the inflation 
risk associated with higher oil prices. Indeed, the conflict can sometimes seem to be moving 
yields on a day-to-day basis. 
Bonds: licence to 
thrill? 
Source: Rothschild & Co, Bloomberg, LSEG Datastream
FIGURE 1: GOVERNMENT BORROWING COSTS
Benchmark 10-year nominal yields (yield to maturity, %)
-1%
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
2025
2020
2015
2010
2005
2000
US
UK
Germany
SEPTEMBER 2026  I  MARKET PERSPECTIVE
3


[Page 4]
It has also coincided with concerns about government borrowing. US federal debt has just 
breached an eye-catching $40 trillion; this month’s UK administration has wasted no time in 
dodging difficult decisions; there are chronic fiscal concerns in France, Italy and Japan; even 
Germany seems poised to run a meaningful deficit, perhaps as much as 4% of GDP in the 
current fiscal year. 
SOME PERSPECTIVE
However, today’s “soaring” yields may not be quite as alarming as all this makes them sound. 
The history which makes them look “historic” is itself far from normal. Meanwhile, oil prices 
and government borrowing are not the only drivers: there may be other, more routine forces at 
work too. 
There have been bigger moves in yields quite recently – most notably after the pandemic. 
Then, interest rates and bond yields had only recently begun to rebound from “emergency” low 
levels established after the GFC, when lockdowns struck, and yields dipped to new (all-time) 
lows. However, confident proclamations that “things will never be the same” were followed 
within a year by an old-fashioned, business-as-usual inflationary surge (amplified subsequently 
by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine). 
So, just as economists had convinced themselves that negligible or negative levels of interest 
rates were normal, significant positive discount rates re-emerged. This “normalisation” was 
much more dramatic than this summer’s events. Again, figure 1 refers. 
That surge in yields had little visible effect on the big economies, despite many confident 
predictions (again) that “zombie” businesses and mortgaged consumers wouldn’t be able  
to cope. Food for thought, perhaps, as we gauge the likely impact of today’s moves (and  
see below). 
Source: Rothschild & Co, Bloomberg, LSEG Datastream
Source: Rothschild & Co, Bloomberg, LSEG Datastream
FIGURE 2 : REAL YIELDS
10-year maturity (%)
FIGURE 3: IMPLIED INFLATION
10-year maturity (%)
US
UK
Germany
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
2025
2020
2015
2010
2005
2000
US
UK
Germany
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
2025
2020
2015
2010
2005
2000
MARKET PERSPECTIVE  I  SEPTEMBER 2026
4


[Page 5]
WHAT LIES BEHIND?
Digging a bit deeper, the existence of inflation-indexed bonds (“index-linked” gilts in the UK) 
allows us to decompose yields into the implied inflationary and real components priced-in 
by markets. The normalisation of longer-term yields since 2021 mostly reflects not a change 
in expected inflation, but higher real yields (figure 2). This seems to be true of this summer’s 
moves too, at least in the US. Oil-related inflation – which is in any case short-term in nature – 
may not be the only driver of higher yields.
The influence of government borrowing may also be smaller than it looks. The eye-catching 
numbers are not quite as dramatic when scaled according to the size of national economies. Of 
course $40 trillion is a very large number – but $32 trillion, the size of US GDP, is in the same ballpark, 
and the relationship between the two, the debt/GDP ratio, has not changed much recently. 
Moreover, even when this and other such ratios do change, there is very little sign – even in 
“normal” times – of it durably affecting the level of yields. This is true not just over time, but 
across countries too. Countries with very different levels of borrowing can have similar bond 
yields (for example, Germany and Japan), and vice versa (Canada and Switzerland). 
The recent widening of the gap – “spread” – between UK and German yields for example is 
as likely to reflect divergent inflation and growth prospects (see below) as it is debt levels. 
The image of “bond vigilantes” ruthlessly, precisely and constantly policing the levels of 
government borrowing is a misleading caricature. 
This does not mean we are in favour of governments borrowing thoughtlessly or irresponsibly! 
There may well be a threshold above which government borrowing has a more visible impact 
on yields: intuitively, we’d expect some sort of connection. But we haven’t found it yet – not for 
want of trying: see Reinhart and Rogoff’s “This Time It’s Different: Eight Centuries of Financial 
Folly” published in 2009. 
The debt arithmetic itself is not as scary as the “debt-interest-is bigger-than-the-defence-
budget” headlines suggest. As we note elsewhere, small changes in the relative growth rates of 
revenues and expenditures can transform prospective debt levels – in either direction. 
In the case of the US government, whose 10-year borrowing costs give the world’s capital 
markets their notionally “riskless” discount rate, taxes could rise (eventually) by five percentage 
points of GDP and it would still be a relatively low-tax economy. 
Another reason why yields don’t seem to be neatly correlated with debt is that lots of other 
things might matter to borrowing costs too. Which brings us to… 
“IT’S THE ECONOMY, STUPID”
This was Clinton campaign adviser James Carville’s reminder of what mattered most to voters. 
It is good advice when it comes to bond markets too. 
The business cycle is the most visible driver of bond yields. Inflation (and not just that 
component of it linked to oil prices) is an important component of the cycle – but so too is real 
growth, and the impact it can have on real yields. 
Figure 4 makes the point very clearly, showing how the US 10-year Treasury yield moves much 
more in line with trend growth in nominal GDP – inflation plus real growth – than it does with 
the debt/GDP ratio (a similar picture can be drawn for the UK). 
Another reason why yields don’t seem to be neatly 
correlated with debt is that lots of other things 
might matter to borrowing costs too.
SEPTEMBER 2026  I  MARKET PERSPECTIVE
5


[Page 6]
Received wisdom has been downbeat on growth (part of what we’ve called the “Wall of 
Worry”) since the GFC. Pundits have mistakenly seen another major setback around almost 
every corner. They didn’t expect the pandemic, but were quick to extrapolate lockdowns into 
that long-awaited slump. Then it was to be the post-2021 rebound in interest rates that would 
deliver it; then energy costs in 2022; then tariffs; and most recently, the US-Iran conflict and 
trade disruption. 
Slowly, and unacknowledged yet in official forecasts, consensus thinking may be registering 
that the global economy can be pretty resilient. 
Healthier trend growth, in relatively fully-employed economies, means more underlying 
inflation risk, bigger returns to capital, and higher demand for it from growing businesses. 
Intriguingly, however, the rising real yields which growth brings can help keep a lid on the 
inflation expectations it might otherwise arouse. By sanctioning those higher yields with higher 
policy rates, central banks tighten monetary conditions, which acts to keep a lid on longer-
term inflation expectations – as is perhaps happening now. Inflation risk can show up as higher 
real yields. 
Certainly, the central banks seem to have learned their lessons from the post-pandemic 
inflation surge, when they left rates far too low for too long. The new Federal Reserve Chairman 
in particular seems laudably keen to assert his independence – remarkably so, given that it was 
the President who nominated him for the job. 
A very visible driver of current growth of course is the continuing AI build-out, which has contributed 
significantly to US GDP gains in particular, and pushed US profitability to record levels. 
That profitability itself may be (yet) another short-term influence on bond yields. If US Inc can 
deliver a 20% return on equity, shouldn’t other forms of capital also be more productive? 
Meanwhile, the build-out itself may shortly tip US Inc into financial deficit. Private sector 
borrowing however doesn’t get the attention that government borrowing does – and either, or 
both, still correlate less well with yields than the business cycle itself. 
Source: Rothschild & Co, Bloomberg, LSEG Datastream
FIGURE 4: THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN BORROWING COSTS, GROWTH AND DEBT
US 10-year yield, trend in nominal US GDP growth and US gross debt to GDP (%)
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
2026
2016
2006
1996
1986
1976
1966
Bond yield
GDP trend
Debt/GDP (right)
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
120%
140%
MARKET PERSPECTIVE  I  SEPTEMBER 2026
6


[Page 7]
WHERE SHOULD YIELDS SETTLE? 
As shown in Figure 4, a useful rule of thumb is that bond yields (and interest rates generally) 
will, over time, tend to match trend growth in nominal GDP.
This sort of makes sense. A “neutral” Treasury yield or bank rate might be one which is 
consistent with a stable government balance sheet, and borrowing costs in line with growth in 
the tax base (which is what nominal GDP is).
We have both judgmental and statistical models of “neutral” yields, with nominal GDP featuring 
in both. For almost as long as we can remember, the judgemental model has suggested fair 
value yields of 4-5% for the US and UK, and 3-4% for the eurozone. 
This left us looking very bearish on bonds through much of the post-GFC period, when yields 
– and often nominal GDP growth – fell far short of this. Luckily, the possibility of yields staying 
“lower for longer” was pretty quickly visible, saving our tactical blushes. 
Now, if anything, today’s US and UK 10-year yields look to us as if they are overshooting – a bit. 
At the risk of stating the obvious, anyone who says, after the last decade’s roller coaster ride in 
yields, that they know exactly where “fair value” lies, is kidding themselves. We referred to the 
“normalisation” of yields earlier, and we have our opinions; but none of us can be sure whether 
“normal” even exists. We are all to some extent looking for our bearings. 
CONCLUSION
The reasons for higher bond yields are more nuanced than headlines suggest: it’s not just 
about oil prices and government debt. 
Expectations of firmer trend economic growth; a background of proactive monetary policy; 
currently-elevated returns on corporate capital, and a looming surge in AI-related demand 
for capital; and uncertainty over what “normal” yields really look like these days – we think all 
these things are playing a role. 
If the economy is indeed a big part of the story, then cause and effect is currently running 
from GDP to yields (as it does most of the time – figure 3 again). At some stage, if yields and 
mortgage costs rise far enough, and/or consumer and business confidence and cashflow falter, 
causality could reverse and lead to a recession – but that (still) does not feel imminent. 
Whatever the exact combination of forces at work, if government and monetary credibility remain 
intact (as we expect), more and more bonds are offering plausibly inflation-beating returns. 
Clearly, yields could overshoot more materially, and other assets might remain more attractive. 
Tactically, we remain on the fence. But today’s yields, held to maturity, may make bonds useful as 
sources of long-term returns in their own right, not just as diversifying investments. 
At some stage, if yields and mortgage costs rise  
far enough, and/or consumer and business 
confidence and cashflow falter, causality could 
reverse and lead to a recession – but that (still)  
does not feel imminent.
SEPTEMBER 2026  I  MARKET PERSPECTIVE
7


[Page 8]
THE CURSE OF THE MIDTERMS
We are entering the final weeks of the US midterm campaign, and the prospect of the 
Democrats regaining at least one chamber of Congress has moved firmly into focus. The 
House looks the more vulnerable of the two chambers: all 435 seats are being contested, the 
Republican majority is narrow, and the polling is firmly in one direction (figure 5). The Senate 
remains a closer call, despite a larger-than-usual number of Republican-held seats on the 
ballot. As ever, national polls are an imperfect guide to district- and state-level outcomes, but 
the direction of travel is no longer ambiguous.
The Republican midterm campaign is increasingly centred on President Trump himself: tax 
cuts, deregulation, immigration controls, tariffs and an unapologetically transactional foreign 
policy. But that record is also marked by controversy: a roughshod approach to due process, 
strained alliances and tariff rates at levels not seen in a century. There is also the obvious 
omission: the Middle East conflict and Iran’s Weapon of Mass Disruption. Echoes of the late 
President Carter’s unceremonious exit from office loom large.
This has been a performative administration, rich in pageantry and theatrics. His latest plan, 
a proposed $5,000 handout to voters, looks less like serious policy than a masterclass in 
deflection. It is legally questionable, fiscally reckless and unlikely to pass muster with Congress 
(Republican controlled or otherwise). But that is beside the point: the populist offer creates 
goodwill, dominates the news cycle and distracts from the unresolved – often self-inflicted – 
challenges facing the administration.
Democratic momentum seems driven less by a compelling alternative offer than by familiar 
cyclical forces: persistent cost-of-living concerns, incumbent fatigue and unease with an 
Source: Rothschild & Co, Gallup, The American Presidency Project
FIGURE 5: PRESIDENTIAL POPULARITY AND HOUSE SEATS LOST AT THE MIDTERMS
Politics and populism
Trump 2.0
Reagan (1982)
Eisenhower (1954)
Nixon (1970)
Bush (1990)
Bush (2002)
Reagan (1986)
Kennedy (1962)
Carter (1978)
Obama (2014)
Obama (2010)
Clinton (1994)
Truman (1950)
Truman (1946)
Johnson (1966)
Biden (2022)
Clinton (1998)
Bush (2006)
Trump (2018)
Ford (1974)
House seats lost / gained
Presidential job approval rate %
30%
35%
40%
45%
50%
55%
60%
65%
70%
-70
-60
-50
-40
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
Eisenhower (1958)
MARKET PERSPECTIVE  I  SEPTEMBER 2026
8


[Page 9]
administration that has moved fast and attempted to break things. That approach may now be 
running out of road. Trump’s approval ratings are among the weakest recorded by any recent 
president, including during his own first term.
Outside the US, the midterms have attracted less global attention than in previous cycles. 
They may have been overshadowed by other events, including hostilities in the Middle East. 
But there is another not-so-subtle point: perhaps investors suspect that the composition of 
Congress matters less than it once did. Trump has often governed by executive fiat, resorting to 
unusual mechanisms and obscure legislation to advance a polemical agenda, while a divided 
Republican Congress has been unable – unwilling – to constrain executive overreach.
Even if the Democrats retake control of Congress, holding the President to account for his 
transgressions is a long and tortuous road – the bar for impeachment may be low, but conviction 
is another matter. A ‘clean sweep’ could introduce considerable friction into the political system: 
confirmations would be slower, budget negotiations more dysfunctional and any big legislative 
agenda would need bipartisan support. But the point is that Donald Trump’s lame-duck status – if 
that is indeed what awaits him – may not make the current situation dramatically more uncertain 
than it already is. That said, a visible political pivot back towards the Democrats could ease their 
path back to the Oval Office in 2028 – if they can unite behind a credible candidate. 
Political uncertainty is usually unhelpful for markets, and the coming weeks may well bring 
more volatility. Trump’s second term has unsettled trade policy and diplomacy, but the 
economic damage has so far been less visible than the rhetoric – and many economists – 
suggested. The portfolio consequences of further US political dysfunction may simply not be 
large enough to justify taking evasive action.
Source: Rothschild & Co, Morning Consult, YouGov
Note: The chart measures the trailing seven-day simple moving average of approval among adults surveyed in each country, drawn from Morning Consult 
Political Intelligence. *Andy Burnham reflects a personal favourability rating derived from YouGov and is not directly comparable to Morning Consult’s job-
approval question used for other leaders.
FIGURE 6: GLOBAL LEADER APPROVAL RATING TRACKER
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
Emmanuel Macron
Friedrich Merz
Keir Starmer (June '26)
Dick Schoof
Christian Stocker
Jonas Gahr Støre
Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
Donald Trump
Pedro Sánchez
Giorgia Meloni
Anthony Albanese
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva
Donald Tusk
Andy Burnham*
Claudia Sheinbaum
Guy Parmelin
Javier Milei
Sanae Takaichi
Mark Carney
Lee Jae-myung
Narendra Modi
Approve (%)
Don't know / No opinion (%)
Disapprove (%)
SEPTEMBER 2026  I  MARKET PERSPECTIVE
9


[Page 10]
EUROPEAN POPULISTS
The US is not alone in finding itself in a state of political flux: Europe’s political landscape is 
shifting too.
The UK has already moved on to yet another prime minister, with the political emphasis again 
seemingly falling on the “levelling up” of left-behind regions, using higher taxes and bigger 
government if need be (a strategy that has had limited success in the past). The government 
itself may be drawn from one of the established parties, but it is looking over both shoulders 
at populist challengers. Meanwhile, France, Germany and possibly Italy all face meaningful 
political pressure, at least if weak approval ratings are a guide (figure 6). 
The public debate has become more ill-tempered, divisive and partisan – and arguably less 
rational. It would be tempting to see the rise of nationalist-populist parties as part of a single, 
sweeping narrative: a wholesale rejection of the EU, globalisation and even liberal democracy 
itself. But this would be an oversimplification. 
The sources of tension are varied: political incompetence, fiscal largesse, foreign competition, 
fading living standards and the symbolic weight of irregular migration (even super-composed 
Switzerland, which remains part of the Schengen group, had a failed referendum on capping 
its population at 10 million people over the summer). Inequality and artificial intelligence add 
to the unease: the labour share of national income appears to be at, or close to, record lows 
in many economies, while AI is intensifying – perhaps prematurely – concerns about worker 
displacement.
If there is a unifying theme, it may simply be that of “sticking it to the man”. But exactly who the 
man is, has varied over time and across countries.
France looks like Europe’s most consequential political fault line. When Emmanuel Macron 
first arrived on the scene, En Marche ! (later ‘La République En Marche !’ before being officially 
renamed ‘Renaissance’ or RE in September 2022) was seen as a youthful riposte to the 
established parties. 
His parliamentary majority has disappeared, and the revolving door of prime ministers – four 
in the past two years – underlines the Sisyphean task of restoring fiscal probity. The political 
backdrop is now increasingly polarised between Marine Le Pen’s right-wing Rassemblement 
National and Jean-Luc Mélenchon’s left-wing La France Insoumise, with the latter arguably the 
more unsettling prospect for markets. A larger state and talk of debt restructuring are unlikely 
to improve France’s cyclical fortunes or reverse the rise in borrowing costs.
Le Pen, who appears well placed ahead of next year’s presidential race, has rebranded the 
party, distancing it from its uglier and more divisive roots. Even so, the risk of a hung parliament 
points to a fractious — and legislatively awkward — political landscape. The likely policy 
direction would be less supportive of fiscal consolidation, more restrictive on immigration and 
more confrontational towards aspects of EU governance.
Germany’s traditional party system – and the era of the Grand Coalition between the CDU/
CSU and SPD – is also under pressure from the rise of Alternative für Deutschland (AfD). 
Friedrich Merz’s initial momentum, including the loosening of the debt brake and ambitions 
for economic reform, has been only partially successful. Growth has been tepid, and German 
industrial competitiveness is being undermined by both cyclical and structural headwinds. The 
much-debated and long-awaited fiscal stimulus aimed at boosting defence and infrastructure 
spending has yet to take effect. 
The AfD has been effective at channelling discontent. Calls for tighter migration policy remain 
the most obvious flashpoint, but so too the debate over Germany’s fiscal and industrial 
strategy. Although the next federal election is not due until 2029, further AfD gains in state 
elections may pose the most immediate threat to Merz’s authority. Germany’s proportional 
representation system limits what the AfD can achieve without coalition partners, but that 
assumes that the so-called “firewall” remains intact.
MARKET PERSPECTIVE  I  SEPTEMBER 2026
10


[Page 11]
For much of the past four years, Italy has offered a reassuring counterpoint to the more alarmist 
interpretation gripping the Franco-German axis. Giorgia Meloni has been a rare beacon of 
stability – presiding over the longest uninterrupted post-war term in office. However, this 
political stability still risks being upended at next year’s general election by the rise of Futuro 
Nazionale, a Eurosceptic populist party formed in February and already polling higher than 
Meloni’s coalition partners at around 8%. It’s possible that Italy’s general election – which must 
be held no later than the end of 2027 – might be brought forward to head off FN’s momentum. 
Eurosceptic contenders aside, Meloni’s coalition has shown that politicians can enter office 
with nationalist and anti-establishment credentials but govern more pragmatically once 
confronted with fiscal and political reality. 
We are wary of Big Pictures at the best of times. As we have argued before, “populism” is 
better understood as a tactic than an ideology. It can attach itself to the left or the right, to 
fiscal expansion or fiscal restraint, and to cultural grievance as much as economic insecurity. A 
strong showing for populist parties would be politically significant, but it would not necessarily 
amount to a decisive setback for European integration. A workable populist majority still looks 
unlikely, and these parties remain divided on many of the issues that matter most for policy: 
Russia, Ukraine, fiscal transfers, defence, agriculture and national interests. 
For investors, the more immediate risk is not nationalism, but whether ambitious political 
promises undermine the fiscal arithmetic (and European rules). On this count, France appears 
most vulnerable to fiscal slippage concerns, but even here rising borrowing costs are not yet 
signalling distress (figure 7). 
We should be careful not to overstate the likely macroeconomic impact: local economic and 
business conditions should prove reasonably resilient, and need not be overwhelmed by 
fragmented politics. Market volatility may resurface, but this need not point to a fundamentally 
more difficult European economic outlook.
Source: Rothschild & Co, LSEG Datastream
Note: Spreads shown are the yield gap between each 10-year benchmark government bond and the 10-year German Bund, the euro area’s risk-free reference. 
The UK (Gilt) spread is not like-for-like, reflecting a currency component.
FIGURE 7: UK, FRANCE AND ITALY’S LONG-TERM BORROWING COSTS RELATIVE TO GERMANY
10-year yield spread over German Bunds (%)
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
2026
2024
2022
2020
2018
2016
UK gilt
French OAT
Italian BTP
SEPTEMBER 2026  I  MARKET PERSPECTIVE
11


[Page 12]
Important information
This document is produced by Rothschild & Co Wealth Management UK Limited. Save as specifically 
agreed in writing by Rothschild & Co Wealth Management UK Limited, this document must not be 
copied, reproduced, distributed or passed, in whole or part, to any other person. This document does 
not constitute a personal recommendation or an offer or invitation to buy or sell securities or any other 
banking or investment product. Nothing in this document constitutes legal, accounting or tax advice.
The value of investments, and the income from them, can go down as well as up, and you may not 
recover the amount of your original investment. Past performance should not be taken as a guide 
to future performance. Investing for return involves the acceptance of risk: performance aspirations 
are not and cannot be guaranteed. Should you change your outlook concerning your investment 
objectives and/or your risk and return tolerance(s), please contact your client adviser. Where an 
investment involves exposure to a foreign currency, changes in rates of exchange may cause the 
value of the investment, and the income from it, to go up or down. Income may be produced at the 
expense of capital returns. Portfolio returns will be considered on a “total return” basis meaning 
returns are derived from both capital appreciation or depreciation as reflected in the prices of your 
portfolio’s investments and from income received from them by way of dividends and coupons. 
Holdings in example or real discretionary portfolios shown herein are detailed for illustrative 
purposes only and are subject to change without notice. As with the rest of this document, they must 
not be considered as a solicitation or recommendation for separate investment.
Although the information and data herein are obtained from sources believed to be reliable, 
no representation or warranty, expressed or implied, is or will be made and, save in the case of 
fraud, no responsibility or liability is or will be accepted by Rothschild & Co Wealth Management 
UK Limited as to or in relation to the fairness, accuracy or completeness of this document or the 
information forming the basis of this document or for any reliance placed on this document by any 
person whatsoever. In particular, no representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or 
reasonableness of any future projections, targets, estimates or forecasts contained in this document. 
Furthermore, all opinions and data used in this document are subject to change without prior notice.
Where data in this presentation are source: MSCI, we are required as a condition of usage to advise 
you that: “Neither MSCI nor any other party involved in or related to compiling, computing or creating 
the MSCI data makes any express or implied warranties or representations with respect to such data 
(or the results to be obtained by the use thereof), and all such parties hereby expressly disclaim all 
warranties of originality, accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose 
with respect to any of such data. Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any 
of its affiliates or any third party involved in or related to compiling, computing or creating the data 
have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages 
(including lost profits) even if notified of the possibility of such damages. No further distribution or 
dissemination of the MSCI data is permitted without MSCI’s express written consent.”
Rothschild & Co Wealth Management UK Limited. Registered in England No 04416252. Registered 
office: New Court, St Swithin’s Lane, London, EC4N 8AL. Authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority.
This document is distributed by Rothschild & Co Bank AG, its registered office at Zollikerstrasse 181, 
CH-8034 Zurich, in Switzerland and abroad. Law or other regulation may restrict the distribution of 
this document in certain jurisdictions. The content of this document is not directed or meant for 
persons subject to a jurisdiction that prohibits the distribution of this document or the investment 
strategies referred to therein. Accordingly, recipients of this document should inform themselves 
about and observe all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Neither this document nor any 
copy thereof may be sent to or taken into the United States or distributed in the United States or to 
a US person. The term “United States” encompasses the United States of America, all its constituent 
states, its territories and possessions, and all areas under its sovereign jurisdiction.
Rothschild & Co Bank AG is authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority FINMA, Laupenstrasse 27, 3003 Bern, Switzerland (www.finma.ch).
