[Page 1]
$50
$60
$70
$80
$90
$100
$110
$120
$130
Jan-22
Oct-22
Jul-23
Apr-24
Jan-25
Oct-25
Jul-26
WTI Oil Price ($/bbl)
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-2.0%
-1.5%
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
Info. Tech.
Industrials
Financials
Cons. Dis.
Energy
Health C.
Cons. Stp.
Com. Svc.
Real Est.
Materials
Utilities
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
The S&P 500 banking index underperformed the broader market (S&P 500) by 4.0% last week, marking banks’ weakest relative 
performance since May. A key driver was a flattening yield curve, which typically pressures net interest margins and may create a 
potential headwind for earnings. Meanwhile, the overall Financials sector trades at 2.2x book value versus a long-term average of 1.5x. 
A combination of mixed fundamentals and historically elevated valuations keep us neutral on the sector.
Monday, September 21, 2026
After six days in the triple-digits—the second-longest stretch since July 2022—WTI closed just under $100/barrel. While even a modest 
price drop is economically helpful, WTI remains up 73% YTD. As we explained on Friday, uncertainty surrounding Saudi Arabia’s 
damaged East-West Pipeline continues to raise questions about Middle East oil exports. There is some good news for drivers: with the 
summer travel season now behind us, prices at the pump should ease even if oil remains near current levels.
Sector Performance
WTI Is Back Below $100/Barrel, But A Sustained Move Lower Hinges On Saudi Pipeline Repairs
Banks Stocks Lag Amid A Flattening Yield Curve 
With Yields At Multi-Decade Highs, Investors Step In To Buy Income 
After the Fed’s first rate hike in three years, investors are focused on what comes next. The Fed’s updated dot plot points to one 
additional hike this year and steady rates in 2027—a view we share. With Chair Warsh avoiding forward guidance, Fedspeak is taking on 
added importance. This week, we’ll hear from 8 FOMC members, including Goolsbee (today), Williams, Jefferson, Hammack and others. 
We’ll be listening to how they view the current policy stance, after Warsh described the move as removing a dose of accommodation. 
After Last Week’s Rate Hike, This Week Brings A Flurry Of Public Comments From Fed Policymakers
Source: FactSet
As Congress Considers Stricter Rules On Data Centers, More States Are Acting Directly 
Source: FactSet
Chart of the Day: Crude Heights
Last Wednesday’s House passage of the Ratepayer Protection Act, by a 417-to-3 vote, highlighted bipartisan support for tighter 
oversight of data centers’ impact on electricity markets. Meanwhile, states are taking their own steps. On Friday, Virginia’s Democratic 
governor and Nevada’s Republican governor issued executive orders tightening rules on data center projects, following similar moves 
by New York and Pennsylvania earlier this year. As a result, the industry may face a more challenging regulatory environment.
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
0.2%
11.8%
7,651
0.7%
7,766
-
-
-
-
DJIA
-0.2%
7.5%
51,683
0.8%
52,520
-
-
-
-
NASDAQ 100
0.7%
17.4%
29,644
1.1%
30,233
-
-
-
-
Russell 2000
-0.5%
15.2%
2,860
0.7%
2,903
MSCI EAFE*
-0.7%
9.9%
1951
1.1%
3202
10-Yr Yield**
7
-3.4%
5.01%
--
--
USD Index
0.0%
1.9%
100.22
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 09/18/2026)
(as of: 07:32 E.T.)
Today's  Events
Rising yields have pushed fixed income returns into the red YTD, but there is a silver lining. With the 10-year Treasury yield at 5.00%, 
investors can lock in that return (on an annualized basis) for the next decade. As a result, retail and institutional demand for US bond 
mutual funds and ETFs is accelerating, with Morningstar reporting net inflows YTD of $625 billion through August, up from $335 billion 
over the same period in 2025 and the strongest pace since 2010. Given robust bond issuance, strong demand is an encouraging sign.
WTI closed below $100/barrel after the second-
longest stretch in the triple-digits since July 2022.


[Page 2]
LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. The S&P Banking Index measures the stock performance of banking and lending institutions 
within the broader market.
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. 
Data Source | FactSet as of 9/18/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
