[Page 1]
21 September 2026, 08:06 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Tight supply, higher prices ahead
CIO View: Copper
Giovanni Staunovo, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Kayden Lee, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
• Copper prices temporarily weakened following reports that the 
Trump administration had yet to reach a decision on refined copper 
tariffs amid affordability concerns, but they found a floor at around 
USD 14,000/mt on tightening physical market conditions.
• Copper mine supply remains constrained, while Chinese import 
demand has strengthened and inventories outside the US continue 
to decline. We continue to expect the copper market deficit to widen 
from 219,000 metric tons in 2026 to 379,000 metric tons in 2027, 
supporting higher copper prices.
• Hence, we remain constructive on copper and expect prices to rise to 
USD 15,500/mt in 2027. We continue to favor long copper positions 
and would view any near-term weakness as a buying opportunity.
Expectations of potential refined copper import tariffs have driven 
stockpiling in the US this year, tightening ex-US market balances. This has 
been a key source of support for copper prices in 2026, with copper prices 
at the London Metal Exchange (LME) rallying to a record high near USD 
14,875/mt in September.
Prices subsequently retraced to around USD 14,000/mt after Reuters 
reported that the US government has yet to reach a decision on US refined 
copper import tariffs amid affordability concerns. The market has been 
awaiting the Trump administration’s decision on whether to put in place 
a 15% tariff from 2027, potentially rising to 30% in 2028, since the 30 
June deadline when the US commerce department was due to deliver an 
update report on the US domestic copper market. The outcome of the tariff 
decision remains a key driver of trade flows and inventory dynamics, with 
tariffs likely accelerating US imports ahead of implementation, while their 
absence could ease ex-US tightness, unwind the COMEX-LME arbitrage, 
and weigh on copper prices. However, if the decision is delayed again and 
the prospect of future tariffs remains alive, market tightness could persist 
as import front-loading continues.
Meanwhile, China’s Yangshan copper cathode premium, a key indicator 
of demand for imported copper cathode priced over the LME copper 
spot price, rose from around USD 75/mt at the end of August to above 
USD 120/mt, its highest level in nearly four years. The move points 
to strengthening Chinese import demand and may have contributed 
to copper prices recovering to USD 14,500/mt more recently. More 
broadly, resilient economic activity, steady Chinese economic growth, and 
continued investment in AI-related infrastructure remain supportive of 
copper demand.
Copper (USD/mt)
  Forecasts
  Spot
 
21 Sep 26
   
  14,573
 
Dec 26
  15,000
 
 
Mar 27
  15,000
 
 
Jun 27
  15,500
 
 
Sep 27
  15,500
 
 
Bloomberg, UBS; Note: Forecasts refer to end of 
period.
LME copper prices continue to grind 
higher
Daily, values in USD/mt
Source: Bloomberg, UBS
Supply disruptions continue to drag 
Chilean copper output
12-month average, 1,000 metric tons
Source: Bloomberg, UBS
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important disclaimers and 
disclosures that begin on page 3.
Page 1 of 4


[Page 2]
Copper
On the supply side, Chilean copper production in July (-10% m/m, -9% y/
y) continued to disappoint amid weather-related disruptions. Lower output 
from the Escondida and Codelco operations accounted for most of the 
decline, while production in Peru improved, driven primarily by Antamina. 
Nevertheless, combined output fell 5% y/y in July 2026 and remained 4% 
lower year-to-date. Tight concentrate availability also continued to pressure 
the market, with China’s copper concentrate treatment charges—fees that 
copper smelters charge mining companies to process copper concentrate 
into refined copper products—declining to record lows below USD -200 
per metric ton in September, compared with around USD -45 at the start of 
the year, despite ongoing smelter maintenance. Highly negative treatment 
charges underscore extreme tightness in the copper concentrate market, 
reflecting insufficient mine output to meet smelter demand. Meanwhile, 
uncertainty surrounding Panama's future mine supply (i.e., Cobre Panama) 
continues to weigh on market sentiment. Greater clarity is expected by 
year-end, although any meaningful impact on physical supply is unlikely to 
materialize until next year.
Inventory trends continue to underscore tightening supply conditions 
outside the US, as the US tariff uncertainty is causing copper to move 
into the US. Since early July, inventories at the LME and Shanghai 
Futures Exchange (SHFE) have declined by 69,750 and 79,650 metric tons, 
respectively. In contrast, COMEX inventories in the US have increased by 
over 91,200 metric tons, a build significantly above seasonal norms and 
likely reflecting preparations for potential US import tariffs.
Speculative positioning in LME copper has moderated and remains far 
from extreme, with net long positions declining by approximately 12,890 
contracts since early August to around 46,325 contracts in September. 
While geopolitical tensions in the Middle East, higher energy costs, and a 
weaker macroeconomic backdrop could weigh on global industrial activity 
and copper prices, we expect support at USD 13,500-13,750 per metric 
ton, even if speculative long positions continue to unwind. Moreover, with 
the market likely to remain undersupplied through year-end, we believe 
any price weakness would be limited and temporary. The longer-term 
outlook for copper also remains supportive, underpinned by constrained 
mined supply growth due to underinvestment, declining ore grades, robust 
structural demand from AI and electrification, and copper's increasing 
importance as a strategic and critical mineral. We therefore maintain 
a constructive view on copper and continue to favor long exposure, 
expecting prices to reach USD 15,500/mt over the coming quarters.
Copper inventories are falling at the 
LME and SHFE, but rising at COMEX
Weekly data, values in 1,000 metric tons
Source: Bloomberg, UBS
Page 2 of 4


[Page 3]
Copper
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
Page 3 of 4


[Page 4]
Copper
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 4 of 4
