[Page 1]
21 September 2026, 05:31 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Central banks turn more hawkish, but markets 
expect too much
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Maelle Quillevere, Economist, UBS AG London Branch
Dean Turner, Economist, UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch
Alessandro Bee, Economist, UBS Switzerland AG
Christopher Swann, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
From the studio
Video: Mark Haefele on why the equity rally can continue (3 mins)
Podcast: Jump Start | Global PMIs in focus (6 mins)
Podcast: Europe’s political pendulum swings wider, on Apple and
Spotify (26 mins)
Thought of the day
Central banks have delivered a series of hawkish signals. The European 
Central Bank raised rates by 25 basis points in September, while the Bank 
of England indicated greater willingness to tighten before inflation pressures 
become entrenched. Outside Europe, the Federal Reserve raised its target 
range by 25 basis points to 3.75-4%, and the Bank of Japan increased its 
policy rate by the same amount to 1.25%—the highest level since 1995. 
Attention now turns to the Swiss National Bank, Riksbank, and Norges Bank, 
which announce policy decisions on 24 September and should provide further 
guidance on how European policymakers are balancing higher energy costs 
against domestic inflation and economic growth.
But a more hawkish direction does not necessarily imply a prolonged 
tightening cycle. We believe market pricing has moved beyond what 
underlying inflation and economic growth conditions are likely to justify.
The latest Eurozone inflation data suggest that the rise in headline 
inflation has not become broadly embedded. Annual inflation increased 
to 3.2% in August from 2.9% in July, driven largely by energy inflation, which 
accelerated to 14.3% from 10.3%. However, core inflation eased to 2.4% 
from 2.5%, while services inflation slowed to 3% from 3.3%. Eurozone labor-
cost growth also moderated to 3.1% year over year in the second quarter, 
from 3.3% in the first, adding to evidence that higher energy costs have not 
produced material second-round effects. Although we expect the European 
Central Bank to raise rates once more in December, the further 75 basis 
points of tightening priced by markets looks excessive to us, as underlying 
inflation remains relatively contained and higher energy costs should weigh 
on household purchasing power.
 
What to watch: 21 September
• Chicago Fed President Austan Goolsbee 
speaks
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see 
important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
Daily EMEA
The latest UK inflation data also suggest that the increase in headline 
inflation has not yet spread more widely. Annual inflation rose to a five-
month high of 3.1% in August from 2.9% in July, as higher petrol and diesel 
prices, and airfares lifted household costs. That said, core inflation held at 
2.6% for a fourth consecutive month, while services inflation remained at 
3.4%, providing some reassurance that domestic price pressures have not 
intensified. Producer prices were less encouraging, with manufacturers’ input 
prices rising 6.1% from a year earlier and output prices increasing by 3.7%, 
leaving the Bank of England alert to the risk that higher costs could eventually 
feed into broader inflation. Although we now expect the Bank of England 
to raise rates by 25 basis points in November and again in February 2027, 
the 100 basis points of tightening reflected in markets looks unlikely to be 
realized given stable underlying inflation, a soft labor market, and still-limited 
direct evidence of second-round effects.
Swiss inflation has increased, but current price pressures do not point 
to an urgent need for higher rates. Annual inflation rose to 0.8% in 
August from 0.4% in July, while core inflation edged up to 0.4% from 
0.3%. Higher rents, and fuel and heating-oil prices contributed to the 
monthly increase, while imported-product inflation of 1.5% was stronger 
than domestic inflation of 0.6%. However, both headline and core inflation 
remain low, and headline inflation is still comfortably within the Swiss 
National Bank’s 0-2% price-stability range. Although higher energy prices, a 
weaker franc, and a closing output gap have increased the risk of an earlier 
rate hike, we expect the Swiss National Bank to keep its policy rate unchanged 
at 0% next week. Markets have nevertheless moved from pricing a 25-basis-
point increase by June 2027 at the end of August to around 60 basis points 
of tightening, while our base case remains for a first 25-basis-point increase 
in June 2027. Decisions from the Riksbank and the Norges Bank should 
provide additional evidence of how Europe’s smaller open economies are 
weighing global inflation pressures against domestic conditions. Economists 
generally expect the Riksbank and the Norges Bank to leave rates unchanged 
next week, although the Norwegian decision remains more finely balanced. 
Markets are pointing to further tightening from the Riksbank later this year.
So, we keep our Attractive view on fixed income and believe the recent 
rise in yields has created opportunities across regions and market segments. 
Investors can consider selectively adding medium- to long-duration high-
quality bonds, which we believe offer attractive income, diversification, and 
potential price gains if tighter monetary policy slows economic growth or 
reduces longer-term inflation expectations. We favor stronger investment 
grade issuers across medium maturities and shorter-dated exposure in higher-
risk credit. We remain cautious on the longest maturities, where fiscal 
sustainability concerns, growing AI-related debt issuance, and elevated term 
premiums could limit price gains.
Caught our attention
Germany’s elections. Germany’s chancellor Friedrich Merz on Sunday 
vowed to stay in office to press ahead with reforms despite heavy losses for 
his Christian Democratic Union party to the far-right Alternative for Germany 
(AfD) in a regional election over the weekend. Merz’s conservatives won just 
4.9% of the vote in the north-eastern state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, 
while the AfD doubled its share of the vote and became the largest party. The 
outcome means the CDU will fail to gain any seats in the regional parliament, 
and it comes two weeks after the AfD’s victory in the election in Saxoney-
Anhalt.
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
Daily EMEA
Our view: We continue to favor Germany within Eurozone equities. While 
political uncertainty could weigh on sentiment in the near term, we expect 
German stocks to benefit from the country’s fiscal expansion and increased 
defense and infrastructure spending. More broadly, we also see appealing 
opportunities across the region and rate Eurozone equities as Attractive, 
supported by improving cyclical momentum, structural investment, and a 
broadening earnings recovery.
Oil falls. Brent crude oil fell 2.2% to USD 101.6/bbl on Monday morning 
after the head of US Central Command Admiral Brad Cooper said oil and 
liquefied natural gas shipments through the Strait of Hormuz in the past two 
weeks have reached the highest level in six months. In a video message over 
the weekend, Cooper said US naval protection and mine clearance efforts are 
“paying off,” and that Persian Gulf allies have shipped more than 1 billion 
barrels of crude through the strait “in the last couple of months.” Separately, 
Saudi Aramco last week said it was working to resume full capacity at its East-
West pipeline within six weeks. Still, Yemen’s Houthi group launched missile 
and drone strikes in Riyadh on Saturday, and Iran and the US exchanged new 
threats on Sunday with little sign of the two sides nearing any agreement.
Our view: While Middle Eastern oil flows have improved in recent weeks, 
loading volumes remain well below January and February levels, according 
to tanker tracking data. With flows still vulnerable to renewed disruption 
and inventories falling, we believe risks to oil prices remain skewed to the 
upside. But geopolitical risk is only one reason we think investors should 
position for a commodity upcycle—rising government debt and growing 
power demand related to AI have also strengthened the role of real assets in 
diversified portfolios. Within the commodity complex, we favor copper most 
on a relative basis, supported by investment in power grids, data centers, and 
electrification. Investors can consider actively managed commodity strategies 
that adapt as leadership shifts across industrial metals, energy, agriculture, 
and precious metals.
Chinese yuan strongest since 2023. The Chinese yuan has appreciated to 
its strongest level against the US dollar in nearly four years, with USDCNY 
below 6.70 for the first time since January 2023. This came as the People’s 
Bank of China set a firmer daily fixing for the ninth consecutive session on 
Monday, the longest such streak since 2023. The currency move also comes 
ahead of the planned meeting between US President Donald Trump and 
Chinese President Xi Jinping this week, where trade relations and AI rivalry 
are of key focus.
Our view: Beijing’s tolerance for continued CNY strength remains an 
important factor to monitor, but we still favor the Chinese yuan among Asian 
currencies against the backdrop of a well-supported US dollar. Export-driven 
FX inflows have supported the yuan despite weak domestic economic growth 
conditions, as Chinese exporters continue to rapidly convert proceeds into the 
local currency. In August, China’s exports grew 25% year over year, widening 
the country’s trade surplus further to USD 119bn. We expect USDCNY to 
decline toward 6.60 by year-end.
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
Daily EMEA
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
Daily EMEA
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
