[Page 1]
 
JPMorgan Pinpoints When El Nino Could Start 
Wreaking Havoc On Food Supply Chains  
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SUNDAY, SEP 20, 2026 - 01:15 AM 
Wall Street's concerns over El Niño and mounting food supply chain pressures are intensifying. 
JPMorgan analysts warned Friday that a strengthening El Niño is colliding with global diesel and 
fertilizer shortages, with the largest effects on agricultural production expected in the first quarter 
of 2027. 
"From historically high diesel prices, geopolitical tradeflow disruptions and fertilizer shortages to 
the European drought and a sub-optimal US spring growing season, there has been no 
shortage of challenges and volatility for the industry to manage," JPMorgan's head of 
agricultural commodities, Tracey Allen, wrote in the introduction to the note, adding, "Agri 
markets have got 99 problems, and El Niño is but one." 
Allen noted, "El Niño is just starting to make its mark on agri production, with peak impact 
expected from 1Q27."  
The collision, or what we've described as a "perfect storm," began taking shape when El Niño 
emerged over the summer, around the same time the refined-products crisis began to emerge. 
El Niño's initial agricultural impacts have been limited so far but should become more 
pronounced early next year, Allen warned. 
Allen cited NOAA forecasts showing El Niño's intensity peaking around November and a 90% 
probability of a "very strong" event through the Northern Hemisphere autumn and winter. 


[Page 2]
 
 
He pointed out that drought and spreading wildfires across Indonesia's palm-growing regions 
are threatening production yields. At the same time, dryness across Southeast Asia has 
sparked concerns about robusta coffee, cocoa and Thai sugarcane harvests.  
In India, Southwest Monsoon rainfall was running about 15% below its long-term average, 
according to the analyst. Reduced sugarcane-based ethanol production has helped cushion the 
impact of soft sugarcane output on sugar supplies, but there are new mounting risks to rice, 
cotton and oilseed production.  
Brazil faces problems of excessive rainfall and drought. Dryness in the north is threatening 
cocoa and droght conditions in central part of the country are threatening soybean and 
second-crop corn growing belts. Excessive rain in the Centre-South is delaying the sugarcane 
harvest and is likely to reduce sugar harvests. Wetter-than-normal conditions are also 
complicating soybean planting in northern Argentina.  
The Bloomberg Agriculture Spot Index jumped to 2023 highs this year on the prospect of 
tightening food supply chains next year. The good news is that robust supplies carried over from 
the previous season have so far helped cushion any near-term blow to physical food markets.  
JPMorgan's head of technical strategy, Jason Hunter, said that the JPMCCI Agricultural Index 
surged to multiyear highs in August, pointing out that any substantial retracement will see 
previous breakout levels act as new support levels.  


[Page 3]
 
 
We have covered countless notes from Wall Street this summer warning about food supply 
chain risks next year as El Niño collides with an energy crisis. The warnings are growing louder 
and louder by the month.  
Professional subscribers can read a lot more on El Niño impacts here on the Marketdesk.ai 
portal.  
 
 
 
