[Page 1]
Samantha Dart 
+1(212)357-9428 | 
samantha.dart@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Laura Cyr 
+1(212)902-3435 | laura.x.cyr@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Natural Gas Comment: Gastech Sentiment Bullish Near-Term LNG Prices
20 September 2026 | 7:26PM EDT
We attended the Gastech conference in Thailand last week and spoke with a 
n
broad range of clients, from natural gas producers, to LNG exporters, to 
importers, to gas distributors and end-users.  
Differently from our investor clients, some of whom have expressed a view that 
n
the recent rise in the 10-year US Treasury yield and rising gasoline and diesel 
prices might incentivize a solution to the Iran conflict, the corporate clients we 
met with overwhelmingly expect the status quo to continue, and see winter TTF 
and LNG price upside to over 100 EUR/MWh and $35/mmBtu, respectively, with 
uncertainty around where and how demand destruction will unfold. 
This price upside is consistent with our view that, in the absence of any 
n
meaningful improvement in Persian Gulf LNG exports this winter, TTF and JKM 
will likely reach 105 EUR/MWh and $35/mmBtu by the end of the year, assuming 
average winter weather, well above our 70 EUR/MW and $24.85/mmBtu base 
case under a gradually improving Hormuz LNG flow assumption. Below we 
provide the main takeaways from our client conversations. 
Near-Term Market Views 
1. Clients’ view: Europe winning cargoes from Asia – for now. US suppliers 
confirmed that they are currently sending most of their flexible cargoes to Europe 
instead of to Asia, though LNG sellers in Asia pointed out that some buyers in the 
region are returning to the market after postponing their LNG import demand during 
the August TTF and JKM rally. 
Our take: Both observations are consistent with recent volume and price data 
(Exhibit 1 and Exhibit 2). While the Asia spot LNG price premium relative to European 
gas prices (JKM-TTF spread) remains low enough to continue to incentivize US LNG 
supply to head to Europe instead of Asia, it has recently pushed against the threshold 
that might flip that delivery incentive (red line in Exhibit 2). Should Asia LNG demand 
strengthen enough under current price levels to take the JKM-TTF spread above the 
cost for US exporters to divert cargoes from Europe to Asia, this would signal 
increased competition for LNG cargoes and, as a result, would pose upside risk to 
our TTF and JKM forecasts, both in our base case and upside price scenario. 
 
This report is intended for distribution to GS institutional clients only. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Commodities Research
 
 


[Page 2]
 
2. Clients’ view: No winter supply optimism, TTF and JKM on their way up. Market 
participants overwhelmingly expect no change to the status quo in Persian Gulf LNG 
exports, and expect this will drive winter TTF and JKM prices higher towards our 105 
EUR/MWh (TTF) and $35/mmBtu (JKM) upside price scenario. 
Our take: 105 EUR /MWh TTF is not our base case (which is lower, at 70 EUR/MWh), but 
it is our expected peak winter price should Persian Gulf LNG supply lack (Exhibit 3). To 
be clear, while geopolitical uncertainty remains elevated and we make no assumption of 
a lasting Iran deal, our base case assumes a gradual market adaptation in LNG supply, 
though slower than what we have observed in the oil market. Persian Gulf LNG exports 
have averaged between 15% and 25% of pre-war levels over Jul-Aug, and our base case 
assumes a gradual export ramp to two-thirds of normal, already a reality for oil, by 
January 2027. 
This more cautious approach by LNG shippers likely reflects the risk of transporting a 
fuel that generates a higher heat level when burning than that of oil, and the technical 
challenges of executing LNG ship-to-ship (STS) transfers outside of the Strait of 
Hormuz1. 
Importantly, military attacks in the region continue to pose a risk that Persian Gulf LNG 
exports take even longer to ramp. In such a slower ramp scenario, we would expect the 
resulting larger winter deficit in the LNG market to drive TTF and JKM higher to 105 
EUR/MWh and $35/mmBtu, respectively, to further disincetivize LNG demand. 
1
Which for LNG requires managing the fuel temperature at exceptionally low levels (-160 C) to maintain its 
liquid state, something not required for oil STS transfers.
 
Exhibit 1: US LNG exports to Europe have picked up at the 
expense of exports to Asia 
US LNG loadings marked for delivery in Europe or Asia; mtpa 
 
Exhibit 2: While still below the price incentive for US LNG 
to be sent to Asia, the JKM-TTF spread has recently 
fluctuated above that threshold 
JKM-TTF spread above the red line means US supply is 
incentivized to go to Asia instead of to Europe 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
US shipping cost differential to deliver LNG in Asia vs in Europe calculated 
based on the S&P Global Commodity Insights daily published full shipping cost 
by route. 
 
Source: S&P Global Commodity Insights, ICE, Goldman Sachs Global Investment 
Research
20 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 3]
 
3. Clients’ view: LNG demand destruction mainly expected in Asia, but uncertainty 
is high. Most market participants agree with our view that, if further LNG demand 
destruction is needed this winter, it’s likely to take place in Asia, not Europe. A few LNG 
buyers and sellers estimate $28-$30/mmBtu (85-90 EUR/MWh) as an important JKM 
price threshold for industrial demand destruction in India in particular, where LNG 
demand has been surprisingly resilient this summer2. That said, clients expressed 
concern that this price-driven demand destruction process might happen too slowly, 
especially if Asia governments intervene to help subsidize natural gas demand, which 
could take global LNG prices even higher. Several clients also raised the possibility of 
potential gas demand destruction from gas switching into oil products. 
Our take: The European energy crisis of 2022 has already destroyed significant 
European natural gas demand that has never come back3, suggesting it would take much 
higher gas prices to further dent local gas demand. With Europe typically driving 30% of 
global LNG demand, and Asia, more than 60%, this leaves the bulk of the demand 
adjustment to take place in Asia, in our view. 
We expect most of the gas demand destruction to take place in the industrial sector, 
which consumes a large amount of natural gas (Exhibit 4), well above the 30 mtpa of 
demand destruction we estimate would be needed under a low winter LNG supply 
scenario to help Europe manage its gas inventories through the season - assuming 
average winter weather. 
2
Strong India LNG demand has likely been driven by high refinery and fertilizer manufacturing demand, whose 
margins have been supported by Persian Gulf fertilizer and refined oil product supply disruptions (exacerbated 
by Russian refinery outages). 
3
NW European industrial demand for gas had dropped 23% by 2023 vs 2021 (and has since been stable), 
suggesting that most “low hanging fruit” for industrial demand destruction is gone. In contrast, in Asia, where 
contracted LNG deliveries were not interrupted in 2022, industrial demand for gas was up approximately 7% in 
2023 (last available data point from the IEA) vs 2021.
 
Exhibit 3: Should winter LNG flows through Hormuz remain low, we estimate winter TTF could reach over 100 EUR/MWh 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
20 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 4]
 
We expect industrial demand elasticity to be higher than for power and residential use, 
although drops in gas demand for power have also been reported in Asia this summer. 
The question is at what price gas demand destruction would rise, if needed. August 
trade data suggest that at least 15 mtpa of LNG demand destruction are likely already 
taking place outside of Europe at current price levels. Our direct conversations with 
India industrial users of gas suggest $30/mmBtu might be an important threshold to 
trigger incremental industrial gas demand destruction. 
Regarding gas-to-oil switching, it’s not something we expect in large scale. While we 
observed gas switching into oil products in Europe in 2022, this time around distillate 
fuel prices are also elevated driven by oil product tightness, making it unlikely that 
natural gas prices can move sustainably above diesel prices (already pricing at 115 
EUR/MWh in gas-equivalent terms) to trigger switching. 
Lastly, we think some gas-to-coal switching might be taking place among China 
industrial users of gas. This is consistent with LNG usage in industrial applications moving 
lower year-on-year following the TTF and LNG price rally (Exhibit 5), while China 
industrial activity has remained robust through August, including in energy-intensive 
sectors like chemicals. 
 
Exhibit 4: Natural gas is heavily used in industrial 
applications across Asia 
Industrial demand for natural gas across Asia importers of LNG 
0
15
30
45
60
75
90
105
120
135
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
Bcm/y
mtpa
Total: 311 Bcm/y or 226 
mtpa
 
 
Source: IEA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
20 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 5]
 
4. Clients’ view: European shortage concerns mixed. While most clients we spoke to 
felt confident Europe would not likely face physical shortages this winter, as they expect 
high enough TTF prices would attract sufficient LNG into Europe, some clients expressed 
concern in a scenario where Europe’s winter realizes colder than average. There were 
questions about - but no expectation of - government intervention to force storage 
injections in NW Europe. 
Our take: We agree physical shortages in Europe are unlikely, as we expect European 
LNG importers to largely pass through the high LNG costs downstream. On forced 
storage injections, we have received no such feedback from NW European companies. 
This is consistent with storage injection data for the region, which suggests no outsized 
injections month to date relative to what supply and demand would have implied. 
Long-Term Market Views 
5. Clients’ view: A global LNG oversupply is still coming. While there’s a lack of 
conviction about when the current Middle East supply disruption will end, clients still 
expect that eventually it will, and that it will be followed by a clear oversupply in global 
LNG markets. With that in mind, several European importers of LNG who sell the 
imported gas into Europe at prices indexed to TTF have expressed interest in extending 
their hedges (selling TTF forward contracts) from 2027-2028 to 2030. 
Our take: We agree. If anything, the recent LNG export project FIDs in the US suggest 
that long-term global LNG balances are even softer than what we expected before the 
Iran war, which led us to recently lower our 2030-2035 average gas price forecasts to 19 
EUR/MWh (from 30 EUR) for TTF, well below forwards (Exhibit 6), and $7.15/mmBtu 
(from $10.60) for JKM. 
We see risks to our long-term European gas and LNG price forecasts skewed to the 
downside given the scale of the oversupply we estimate in the balance, but recognize 
that the level of uncertainty around that horizon is high, not just because of the many 
winters between now and then, but because the current large Middle East supply 
disruption has yet to be resolved. From a trading recommendation perspective, while 
fundamentally we still think shorting summer 2028 TTF makes sense, the near-term 
 
Exhibit 5: China LNG usage in industrial applications have 
declined yoy as TTF and LNG prices rallied in Jul/Aug 
China yoy LNG usage by sector, 10kt 
(60)
(40)
(20)
0
20
40
60
80
100
(60)
(40)
(20)
0
20
40
60
80
100
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Industry
Urban gas
Vehicle and shipping
Power generation
Total Consumption
 
 
Source: Shandong Longzhong Information Technology Co. Ltd., Goldman Sachs 
Global Investment Research
20 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 6]
upside skew to price risk suggests investors should wait for a potentially better entry 
point or buy long-dated TTF puts. 
 
LNG Contract Commentary 
6. Current crisis favors LNG supply diversification — into US LNG. While LNG buyers 
have not written off Qatar as a long-term supplier, there is growing interest in supply 
diversification at the margin, with the US as the likely winner of long-term contracts as a 
result. Client conversations suggest that this diversification push is not yet fully realized, 
with additional contract announcements likely going forward. 
That said, when it comes to European import contracts, both LNG importers and 
exporters expressed concern regarding the EU methane regulation, which requires EU 
importers of LNG to comply with the measurement, reporting and verification of 
methane leaks and emissions originating from overseas LNG producers. From Jan 1st, 
2027, this will be required for all EU import contracts signed on or after August 2024. 
Although potential penalties for lack of compliance have been delayed by three years to 
2030, market participants have expressed that the lack of clarity in the regulation and 
uncertainty as to which contract party should bear the burden of compliance have 
effectively kept some European buyers from signing such long-term LNG import 
contracts.  
We believe that the lack of European long-term contracting of LNG supply doesn’t 
necessarily lower the amount of LNG Europe will ultimately import, though it does keep 
Europe particularly vulnerable to spot price volatility. 
7. Some, but not many, contract terms changes. The ongoing LNG supply disruption 
has led to buyers looking to change certain contract clauses to reduce their exposure to 
unforeseen events. That said, client color on liquefaction fees suggest those have not 
changed vs pre-war levels, with the fee range for US supply still largely in the 
$2.50-$2.75/mmBtu range. This is consistent with market participants’ views that the 
current supply disruption is only temporary and that it will be followed by an 
oversupplied global LNG market. 
 
Exhibit 6: We think that the rally in the TTF curve since the 
start of the Iran conflict offers a good hedging opportunity 
for European LNG importers 
TTF forward curve as of now and before the war and GS TTF fcast, 
EUR/MWh 
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
Oct-26
May-27
Dec-27
Jul-28
Feb-29
Sep-29
Apr-30
Nov-30
Start of the Iran Conflict
Last close
GS fcast
 
 
Source: ICE, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
20 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 7]
We think that Brent indexation terms for future Qatar LNG contracts might move lower 
vs pre-war terms, however, given the perceived risk by buyers of future supply 
disruptions. 
 
Team Natural Gas 
Samantha Dart 
+1(212)357-9428 
samantha.dart@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Laura Cyr 
+1(212)902-3435 
laura.x.cyr@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
20 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 8]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Samantha Dart and Laura Cyr, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views, which have not 
been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Samantha Dart Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Laura Cyr Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Option Speciﬁc Disclosures 
Price target methodology: Please refer to the analyst’s previously published research for methodology and risks associated with equity price targets. 
Pricing Disclosure: Option prices and volatility levels in this note are indicative only, and are based on our estimates of recent mid-market levels(unless 
otherwise noted). All prices and levels exclude transaction costs unless otherwise stated. 
General Options Risks – The risks below and any other options risks mentioned in this research report pertain both to speciﬁc derivative trade 
recommendations mentioned and to discussion of general opportunities and advantages of derivative strategies. Unless otherwise noted, options 
strategies mentioned in this report may be a combination of the strategies below and therefore carry with them the risks of those strategies. 
Buying Options - Investors who buy call (put) options risk loss of the entire premium paid if the underlying security ﬁnishes below (above) the strike 
price at expiration. Investors who buy call or put spreads also risk a maximum loss of the premium paid. The maximum gain on a long call or put spread 
is the difference between the strike prices, less the premium paid. 
Selling Options - Investors who sell calls on securities they do not own risk unlimited loss of the security price less the strike price. Investors who sell 
covered calls (sell calls while owning the underlying security) risk having to deliver the underlying security or pay the difference between the security 
price and the strike price, depending on whether the option is settled by physical delivery or cash-settled. Investors who sell puts risk loss of the strike 
price less the premium received for selling the put. Investors who sell put or call spreads risk a maximum loss of the difference between the strikes less 
the premium received, while their maximum gain is the premium received. 
For options settled by physical delivery, the above risks assume the options buyer or seller, buys or sells the resulting securities at the settlement 
price on expiry.  
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
20 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 9]
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
20 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 


[Page 10]
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
20 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Natural Gas Comment
 
 
