[Page 1]
The Calls Around the World to Focus on Today 
Macro/Global 
Natural Gas Comment, Dart: Gastech Sentiment Bullish Near-Term LNG Prices 
n
Global Rates Trader, Cole: Hiking More or Less 
n
Americas 
Microsoft Corp. (MSFT, Buy; on CL), Borges: NDR Meetings: Enterprise shift to AI 
n
platforms is validating key strategic decisions from the last 3 years 
Tempus AI Inc. (TEM, Neutral), Koslosky: Diagnostic Business Growth Catalysts 
n
Paired with Data Business Uncertainty; Initiate at Neutral 
Europe 
Alm. Brand (ALMB.CO, Buy), Gosalia: Nordic-leading EPS growth at a laggard’s 
n
multiple; initiate at Buy 
Europe Aerospace & Defense, Burgess: The Outlook for UK Defence: A 
n
Conversation with Former Defence Secretary - Key takeaways 
Asia 
China Consumer Durables, Yi: Appliance Tracker: Aug 2026: Further domestic 
n
end demand improvement on easing base despite weak sell-in, resilient exports 
Samsung Electronics (005930.KS, Buy; on CL), Lee: Key takeaways from virtual 
n
meeting; reiterate positive view on the tight memory S/D and LTAs; Buy (on CL) 
The Macro Round-Up 
ECONOMICS 
Global Rates Trader: Hiking More or Less 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - George Cole, William Marshall, Simon Freycenet, 
Isabella Rosenberg, Friedrich Schaper, Loic Mathys 
Global Investment Research 
+1(212)902-1000 
21 September 2026 | 5:54AM EDT
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
GS EARLY MORNING RESEARCH RECAP 
Ratings and Target Price Changes - September 21, 2026 as of 5:30 AM 
ET
 
 


[Page 2]
Global FX Trader: Dollar Drift 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Kamakshya Trivedi, Michael Cahill, Danny 
Suwanapruti, Teresa Alves, Karen Reichgott Fishman, Stuart Jenkins, Victor Engel, Lexi 
Kanter 
Central Bank Policy Tracker: September 2026  
20 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Jan Hatzius, Joseph Briggs, Sarah Dong, Megan 
Peters 
Global Economics Comment: Is Poor Economic Sentiment Really About the Economy? 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Joseph Briggs, Sarah Dong, Jan Hatzius, Megan 
Peters 
Global Markets Daily: Timing It Right — When to Sell Interest Rates Vol 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Friedrich Schaper, George Cole, William Marshall, 
Simon Freycenet, Isabella Rosenberg, Loic Mathys 
US Week Ahead: September 21 - September 27 
21 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Jan Hatzius, David Mericle, Alec Phillips, Ronnie 
Walker, Pierfrancesco Mei, Jessica Rindels, Abhay Duggirala 
Weekly Fund Flows: Pickup in Global Equity Inflows 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Lexi Kanter, Michael Cahill, Karen Reichgott 
Fishman, Stuart Jenkins 
China Matters: Path of Least Resistance 
20 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Hui Shan, Andrew Tilton, Lisheng Wang, Xinquan 
Chen, Yuting Yang, Chelsea Song 
European Daily: Spain—Slowing Momentum, Sustained Outperformance and Lower 
Debt After the Election 
20 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Filippo Taddei, Sven Jari Stehn, Alexandre Stott, 
James Moberly, Niklas Garnadt, Katya Vashkinskaya, Giovanni Pierdomenico 
Global Economics Wrap-Up: September 18, 2026 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Joseph Briggs, Andrew Tilton, Katya Vashkinskaya, 
Jessica Rindels, Sarah Dong 
European Economics Analyst: Euro Area—Introducing Our Nearcast Model for Inflation 
19 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Giovanni Pierdomenico, Sven Jari Stehn, Filippo 
Taddei, Alexandre Stott, James Moberly, Niklas Garnadt, Katya Vashkinskaya 
European Views: Not So Fast 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Sven Jari Stehn, Filippo Taddei, Alexandre Stott, 
James Moberly, Niklas Garnadt, Katya Vashkinskaya, Giovanni Pierdomenico 
Japan Economic Flash: Continue to Expect Next Rate Hike in January Next Year 
21 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 3]
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Tomohiro Ota, Yuriko Tanaka 
Japan Economics Analyst: Expecting Circa ¥13 tn Increase in ‘Calendar-Basis JGB 
Issuance’ for FY2027 
18 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Tomohiro Ota, Yuriko Tanaka 
STRATEGY 
Mortgage & Structured Products Trader: Relative value across RMBS and datacenter ABS 
18 Sep 2026 | Credit Strategy Research - Arun Manohar, Ben Shumway, Neth 
Karunamuni 
EM Weekly Kickstart: MSCI EM fell 0.7% w/w amid a hawkish Fed hike; Oil / US yields 
eased from highs; Turkey saw sharp declines from regulatory actions; Focusing on CEE 
markets amid Gas risks and Local catalysts 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Sunil Koul, Tarun Lalwani, CFA, Mambuna 
Njie, Shuyi Fang 
Asia-Pacific Weekly Kickstart: MXAPJ fell 0.4%, weighed by foreign outflows and weaker 
Asian FX amid hawkish Fed and dovish BOJ rate hikes; North Asia and Tech broadly 
outperformed 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Timothy Moe, CFA, Alvin So, CFA, John Kwon, 
Terry Chan, Kinger Lau, CFA, Sunil Koul, Bruce Kirk, CFA, Amorita Goel, CFA 
Taiwan Weekly Kickstart: TAIEX +2.2%, led by semis, with all sectors posting gains 
despite a hawkish Fed hike; QFIIs remained net sellers but bought US$3.4bn on Friday 
and sharply reduced net short futures positions 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Alvin So, CFA, Timothy Moe, CFA, Kinger Lau, 
CFA, Terry Chan 
EM Weekly Fund Flows Monitor: Foreign selling in Korea continues this week; Hedge 
funds remain net sellers in EM Asia in September MTD, while China exposure sees a 
recovery 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Sunil Koul, Timothy Moe, CFA, Alvin So, CFA, 
Tarun Lalwani, CFA, Terry Chan, Si Fu, Ph.D., Kinger Lau, CFA, John Kwon, Amorita Goel, 
CFA, Mambuna Njie 
Housing and Mortgage Monitor: Florida finds its healing power 
18 Sep 2026 | Credit Strategy Research - Arun Manohar, Ben Shumway, Neth 
Karunamuni 
China Weekly Kickstart: Markets flat; HK unveiled its first FYP; Lower China GDP forecast 
on mixed activity data in August 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Kinger Lau, CFA, Timothy Moe, CFA, Si Fu, 
Ph.D., Kevin Wang, CFA 
India Weekly Kickstart: NIFTY closed the week flat as oil stabilized; Rate-sensitives 
lagged; Core inflation pressure broadened in August; We highlight India ‘AI Enablers’ 
21 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 4]
hiding beneath a laggard index 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Sunil Koul, Amorita Goel, CFA, Timothy Moe, 
CFA 
Europe Weekly Kickstart: Higher rates, resilient earnings 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Guillaume Jaisson, Peter Oppenheimer, 
Sharon Bell, Elena Porfidia, Jacinta Feng 
UK Weekly Kickstart: The UK’s Resilience Is Being Tested 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Sharon Bell, Guillaume Jaisson, Jacinta Feng, 
Peter Oppenheimer, Elena Porfidia 
Japan Weekly Kickstart: Has it been better to travel or to arrive with the BOJ? 
18 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Bruce Kirk, CFA, Julius Chan 
COMMODITIES 
Natural Gas Comment: Gastech Sentiment Bullish Near-Term LNG Prices 
20 Sep 2026 | Commodities Research - Samantha Dart, Laura Cyr 
Weekly Commodities Wrap Up 
18 Sep 2026 | Commodities Research - Laura Cyr 
Rating and Conviction List Changes 
 
Links to Rating and Conviction List Changes 
Americas 
TEM: Diagnostic Business... 
n
Europe 
Alm. Brand: Nordic-leading EPS... 
n
Notable Stock Research to Consider: 
AMERICAS 
Energy and Utilities 
 
Company Name
Ticker
 
Rating (New)
Rating (Old)
Tempus AI Inc.
TEM
Neutral
-
Company Name
Ticker
 
Rating (New)
Rating (Old)
Alm. Brand
ALMB.CO
Buy
-
Company Name
Ticker
 
Rating (New)
Rating (Old)
Americas
Europe
Asia
None.
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
21 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 5]
Americas Clean Technology: Solar: Recalibrating estimates for resi solar lower as 
headwinds persist; ENPH remains well positioned despite risk to near-term expectations 
21 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Brian Lee, CFA, Tyler Bisset, CFA, Keshav Choudhary 
Top Projects: Spotlight on Venezuela  
21 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Michele Della Vigna, CFA, Quentin Marbach, Yulia 
Bocharnikova, Neil Mehta, Bruno Amorim, CFA, Anastasia Shalaeva, Will Chen 
Marathon Petroleum Corp. (MPC): Virtual Group Meeting: Still See Constructive Outlook 
Driven by Advantaged Scale, Execution and Compelling Capital Returns 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Neil Mehta, Alexa Petrick Breno, Josiah Knight, Lydia 
Gould 
Consumer/Retail 
YETI Holdings (YETI): Investor Day Takeaways 
20 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Brooke Roach, CFA, Mentesnot Adamu, Carly Chasen 
Amer Sports Inc. (AS): Salomon Investor Day Takeaways 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Brooke Roach, CFA, Mentesnot Adamu, Carly Chasen 
Americas Tobacco: Presentation at CSP Tobacco+ Forum [Presentation] 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Bonnie Herzog, Ethan Huntley, Ankit Prasad, Nicholas 
Vidger, Shanika Paul 
Americas Beverages: Presentation at Wholesale Beer and Wine Association of Ohio 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Bonnie Herzog, Ethan Huntley, Ankit Prasad, Shanika 
Paul, Nicholas Vidger 
Financials 
Americas Real Estate: REITs: Rates move, REITs do what? A look across performance and 
correlations, refreshing into an elevated environment 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Caitlin Burrows, Julien Blouin, Harrison Slater, CFA, 
Jeremy Kuhl, Ryan Treais, Shailee Lnu, Shikhar Gupta 
Americas Crypto & Exchanges: Overviewing the SEC innovation exemption order 
permitting trading of tokenized equities 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - James Yaro, Alexander Blostein, CFA, Matthew Weng, 
Aditya Sharma, CFA, Divyam Harlalka, Anthony Corbin, Lokesh Kumar Sangewar, 
Thirukumaran R 
Americas Asset Managers: BAM & BN Investor Days reiterate plan to double the business 
in 5 years 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Alexander Blostein, CFA, Michael Vinci, Anthony Corbin, 
Aditya Sharma, CFA 
Americas Insurance: Property & Casualty: Updates on ALL/PGR Post August Data Points 
21 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 6]
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Robert Cox, Jack Kendall, Victoria Gong 
Americas Real Estate: Updating Select Price Targets 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Julien Blouin, Ryan Treais, Shikhar Gupta 
Healthcare 
Rapport Therapeutics (RAPP): Framing Phase 2 bipolar mania data in October  
21 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Salveen Richter, CFA, Lydia Erdman, Elizabeth Webster, 
Ph.D., Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D., Tommie Reerink, CFA, Shrunatra Mishra, Mark Aleynick, 
Ph.D. 
Amneal Pharmaceuticals (AMRX): Lanreotide approval unlocks another key growth 
driver  
21 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D., Salveen Richter, CFA, Elizabeth 
Webster, Ph.D., Tommie Reerink, CFA, Shrunatra Mishra, Lydia Erdman, Mark Aleynick, 
Ph.D. 
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals: China Biopharma: Continued momentum amidst 
emerging policy dynamics 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Salveen Richter, CFA, Ziyi Chen, Asad Haider, CFA, James 
Quigley, Rajan Sharma, Mark Aleynick, Ph.D., Linhai Zhao, Ph.D., Nick Jennings, Eddie 
Song, Jeff Su 
Americas Healthcare: Biotechnology: Script tracker for key launches within our coverage 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Salveen Richter, CFA, Shrunatra Mishra, Elizabeth 
Webster, Ph.D., Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D., Tommie Reerink, CFA, Lydia Erdman, Mark 
Aleynick, Ph.D. 
Xenon Pharmaceuticals Inc. (XENE): NDA filing for azetukalner in epilepsy overshadowed 
by MDD/bipolar study pause 
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Paul Choi, Kevin Strang, Ph.D., Erik Wong, Anupam 
Srivastava 
Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical (RARE): FAYUVI gains US approval in Sanfilippo syndrome 
type A  
18 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Salveen Richter, CFA, Lydia Erdman, Elizabeth Webster, 
Ph.D., Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D., Tommie Reerink, CFA, Shrunatra Mishra, Mark Aleynick, 
Ph.D. 
Industrials and Basic Materials 
FedEx Freight Holding (FDXF): Shifting to Calendar Year; Reiterate Buy on Long-Term 
Earnings Power & Idiosyncratic Opportunity 
21 Sep 2026 - Jordan Alliger, Paul Stoddard, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Aakarsh Goyal 
US Tariff Impact Tracker: Indicated Imports into LA to Sharply Increase Next Week And 
Decrease Seq Two Weeks Out 
21 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 7]
21 Sep 2026 - Jordan Alliger, Paul Stoddard, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Aakarsh Goyal 
Americas Transportation: Higher Railcar Prices Supportive of Valuation; Refreshing 
EV/Replacement Methodology for Railcar Coverage; Reiterate Buy on GATX 
21 Sep 2026 - Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Jordan Alliger, Paul Stoddard, Aakarsh Goyal 
Lennar Corp. (LEN): F3Q26 Recap: Operating Efficiencies Offset by Shift to Land Light 
Strategy as We Await Improvement in Conditions 
18 Sep 2026 - Susan Maklari, Charles Perron-Piche, CFA, Rhea Bhatia, Galilee Best 
Americas Transportation: Airlines: Could TSA passenger volumes decelerating be a sign 
the industry is becoming more disciplined? 
18 Sep 2026 - Catherine O’Brien, David Kim, Radhika Shintre 
TMT 
Microsoft Corp. (MSFT): NDR Meetings: Enterprise shift to AI platforms is validating key 
strategic decisions from the last 3 years 
21 Sep 2026 - Gabriela Borges, CFA, Callie Valenti, Selina Zhang, Praachi Arora 
Axon Enterprise Inc. (AXON): 3Q26 preview: Expecting EBITDA miss; navigating Q3 
seasonality 
21 Sep 2026 - Michael Ng, CFA, Yash Goenka, CFA, Katherine Murphy, Lindsey Shema 
Americas Business & Information Services: Weekly debt issuance, AUM, exchange traded 
derivative volumes and fund formation as of 9/21/26 
21 Sep 2026 - George K. Tong, CFA, Alex Lakritz, Sami Nasir, CFA 
Americas Business & Information Services: Child care online searches remain healthy 
though RTO is plateauing; favor BFAM over KLC 
18 Sep 2026 - George K. Tong, CFA, Alex Lakritz, Sami Nasir, CFA 
US Autos & Industrial Tech: 5 days in 5 minutes 
18 Sep 2026 - Mark Delaney, CFA, Will Bryant, Aman Gupta, Ayush Ghose 
Global Technology: Internet: 2026 Global eCommerce Presentation 
18 Sep 2026 - Eric Sheridan, Ronald Keung, CFA, Irma Sgarz, Eric Cha, Richard Edwards, 
Manish Adukia, CFA, Roman Reshetnev, Sarah Boulos, Emma Huang 
Versant Media Group (VSNT): 3Q26 preview: Expecting in-line EBITDA driven by 
Platforms growth offset by higher opex 
18 Sep 2026 - Michael Ng, CFA, Yash Goenka, CFA, Lindsey Shema 
Americas Business & Information Services: What’s Powering Your Services Recap - 
9/18/26 
18 Sep 2026 - George K. Tong, CFA, Sami Nasir, CFA, Alex Lakritz 
LatAm 
21 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 8]
Vale (VALE): CEO Roundtable: Freight Rates, Iron Ore and Base Metals 
18 Sep 2026 - Marcio Farid, Emerson Vieira, Henrique Marques 
Colombian Lending in Pictures: July 2026: Loan growth eases at the system, but 
accelerates at CIB 
18 Sep 2026 - Tito Labarta, Tiago Binsfeld, CFA, Juliana Ohara 
EZTEC (EZTC3.SA): Enters Into Definitive Contract for Esther Towers 
18 Sep 2026 - Jorel Guilloty, Igor Machado 
EUROPE 
Consumer/Retail 
Europe Retail: Retail Matters: On leads a bifurcated sportswear market; Chinese 
Aggregator European MAUs deteriorate further while Zalando and Next data remains 
strong 
18 Sep 2026 - Richard Edwards, Ben Williams, Hamish Bogdan, Sarthak Shrivastava 
Next (NXT.L): 1H27 results demonstrate ongoing strong earnings momentum, 
underpinned by the hyper-growth, immature International division; PT to 17,000p, 
remain Buy-rated 
18 Sep 2026 - Richard Edwards, Ben Williams, Hamish Bogdan, Sarthak Shrivastava 
Financials 
Alm. Brand (ALMB.CO): Nordic-leading EPS growth at a laggard’s multiple; initiate at Buy 
21 Sep 2026 - Vash Gosalia, CFA, Andrew Baker, CFA, Alice Palumbo, Ankitha Giridhar 
Societe Generale (SOGN.PA): Capital Markets Day First Look 
21 Sep 2026 - Chris Hallam, Sofie Peterzens, Benjamin Caven-Roberts, Andin Kour 
Sason, Sachin Nayar, Khushboo Mandani, Eraldo Bausano 
Spain Banks: Madrid Investor Field Trip Takeaways 
18 Sep 2026 - Sofie Peterzens, Chris Hallam, Benjamin Caven-Roberts, Andin Kour 
Sason, Sachin Nayar, Khushboo Mandani, Eraldo Bausano 
Italy Banks: Milan Investor Field Trip Takeaways 
18 Sep 2026 - Sofie Peterzens, Chris Hallam, Benjamin Caven-Roberts, Andin Kour 
Sason, Sachin Nayar, Khushboo Mandani, Eraldo Bausano 
Supermarket Income REIT Plc (SUPR.L): Updating our estimates post FY25-26 results; 
maintain Neutral 
18 Sep 2026 - Jonathan Kownator, Kuber Sood, CFA, Saransh Gupta, Rebecca Parker 
Healthcare 
Novo Nordisk (NOVOb.CO): Initial thoughts on mid-term ambitions - operating margin 
21 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 9]
suggest c.3% downside to cons. in 2030  
21 Sep 2026 - James Quigley, Rajan Sharma, Theodora Rowe Beadle, Shyam Kotadia, 
Max Da, Ph.D., Kaaviya Ganesan, Julie Wang 
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals: Friday Fodder: Monitoring Key Themes 
18 Sep 2026 - Asad Haider, CFA, Salveen Richter, CFA, James Quigley, Nick Jennings, Jeff 
Su 
Industrials and Basic Materials 
Nexans (NEXS.PA): Takeaways from roadshow post 2Q26 results 
18 Sep 2026 - Daniela Costa, Aurelien Joubert 
Around the world in 80 charts: What the global transport markets say 
18 Sep 2026 - Patrick Creuset, Nathan Arnaud 
Europe Multi-Industry: Food for Thought: Global data points, end-market commentary 
and latest research 
18 Sep 2026 - Daniela Costa, Christian Hinderaker, CFA, Ope Otaniyi, Susmita Saha, 
Meihan Yang, Aditya Agarwal, Aayush Kandpal, Hollie Cooper, Ines Lefranc, Aurelien 
Joubert, Francesco Nardinocchi 
ASIA 
Industrials and Basic Materials 
Evolution Mining Ltd. (EVN.AX): Cowal & Northparkes visits highlight potential for staged 
longer-term growth; Neutral 
21 Sep 2026 - Hugo Nicolaci, Paul Young, Marcus Dosanjh 
Tempus AI Inc. (TEM): Diagnostic Business Growth Catalysts Paired with Data Business 
Uncertainty; Initiate at Neutral 
21 Sep 2026 - Evie Koslosky, Grey Smith, Miki Dejena 
Harmonic Drive Systems (6324.T): Announces joint development of resin reducer with 
NPR-RIKEN; Buy 
18 Sep 2026 - Yuichiro Isayama, Takato Enoki 
GS Australian Bulks, Base Metals, REs & Steels – spot scenarios 
18 Sep 2026 - Paul Young, Chris Bulgin, Hugo Nicolaci, Marcus Dosanjh, Kavya Balaji 
Full-Stack Embodied AI & Commercialization Roadmap – Asia Leaders Conference 2026 
18 Sep 2026 - Jacqueline Du 
RENK Group (R3NK.DE): Pullback creates an attractive entry point; upgrade to Buy 
18 Sep 2026 - Sam Burgess, Jubril Moronfolu, Milind Sikchi 
TMT 
21 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 10]
SMIC (0981.HK): AI to drive 2H26 growth; strongest revenues QoQ in 2Q26 among 
global top 10 foundries; Buy 
20 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng 
Samsung Electronics (005930.KS): Key takeaways from virtual meeting; reiterate positive 
view on the tight memory S/D and LTAs; Buy (on CL) 
18 Sep 2026 - Giuni Lee, Taeyong Lee, Daiki Takayama 
Transsion (688036.SS): Smartphone product mix upgrade and Energy to support growth 
ahead 
20 Sep 2026 - Verena Jeng, Allen Chang 
Wiwynn (6669.TW): New ASIC and GPU AI server racks in expansion; Aug strong beat; TP 
up to NT$3,777; Buy 
20 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng 
Lingyi (002600.SZ): Smartphone new model ramp up, Liquid cooling, Edge AI, and 
Robotics to drive growth ahead; 2Q26 miss; Buy 
19 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng 
Shengyi Tech (600183.SS): AI CCL drives growth ahead; Capacity expansion ongoing; Buy 
19 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Yifan Hu 
India IT Services: Tour takeaways: Subdued near-term, with medium-term outlook 
blurred by impact of AI 
20 Sep 2026 - Manish Adukia, CFA, Sumangala Lnu, Raghav Vashishth 
Kematek (301611.SZ): Ceramic heaters, Electrostatic chunks, SiC products in expansion; 
2Q26 miss; Buy 
19 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng 
iFlytek (002230.SZ): Upgraded AI model to launch in Oct; 2Q26 rev miss on muted AI 
devices growth; Neutral 
20 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Ting Song 
Vanchip (688153.SS): New multi-band solutions launched; Slow smartphone market 
weighing on growth; 2Q26 miss; Sell  
20 Sep 2026 - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Yifan Hu 
Sumitomo Electric Industries (5802.T): Conf. takeaways: Optical device output 
normalized, set to improve in 2Q; valuation attractive; Buy 
18 Sep 2026 - Ryo Harada, Hiroki Muramatsu 
ASEAN & New Zealand 
Insurance Australia Group (IAG.AX): Media reports of Greensill settlement; if confirmed, 
this would remove overhang for IAG  
21 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 11]
21 Sep 2026 - Julian Braganza, FIAA 
Japan Banks: BOJ 25 bp hike and deposit betas as expected; room for upside in bank 
earnings/valuations amid persistent inflation risks 
18 Sep 2026 - Makoto Kuroda, Hibiki Takuma 
Bank of Ningbo (002142.SZ): Management meeting takeaways — NIM stabilization, 
resilient loan growth and improving shareholder returns 
18 Sep 2026 - Shuo Yang, Ph.D., Claire Ouyang 
Europe Aerospace & Defense: The Outlook for UK Defence: A Conversation with Former 
Defence Secretary - Key takeaways 
21 Sep 2026 - Sam Burgess, Jubril Moronfolu, Milind Sikchi 
Life Sciences Tools & Diagnostics: Intra-quarter Pulse Check  
21 Sep 2026 - Evie Koslosky, Grey Smith, Miki Dejena 
Nippon Express Holdings (9147.T): IR Day: Looks to improve domestic/overseas margins 
and deploy end-to-end solutions 
19 Sep 2026 - Norihiro Miyazaki, Ryohei Kurita 
Australia Banks: Commercial Lending Takes the Reins as Mortgage Demand Softens 
18 Sep 2026 - Brendan Sproules, Rushil Vaghani 
Genting Singapore Ltd. (GENS.SI): Improving inbound travel trend in 3Q26td. Updating 
estimates 
18 Sep 2026 - Alpha Wang, Simon Cheung, CFA, Zhaoheng Chen, Leah Pan 
Advance Residence Investment Corp. (3269.T): In line: Solid rent growth & sale gains 
utilization, but watching for additional DPU drivers; Neutral 
18 Sep 2026 - Sachiko Okada, Sayako Tominaga, Misato Okamoto 
Sichuan Teway Food Group (603317.SS): 2Q26 Review: Continued recovery in 2Q with 
support from increased A&P investments; factoring in new acquisition 
18 Sep 2026 - Leaf Liu, Christina Liu, Valerie Zhou 
Food & Life Cos. (3563.T): Briefing on recent share price: Confirms no signs of slowdown 
in China; Buy 
18 Sep 2026 - Sho Kawano, Tomoko Imoto, Xiao Zhang, Chie Hu 
Hindustan Aeronautics (HIAE.BO): Platform deliveries reinforce improving execution; 
positive read-through to our upgrade thesis 
18 Sep 2026 - Amit Dixit, Kumari Rishika 
Japan IT Services: NC company results read-across (10) Cybersecurity: Macnica HD 
(security/trading company), AMIYA (SIEM/SASE) 
18 Sep 2026 - Chikai Tanaka, CFA, Yuki Sato 
21 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 12]
Japan Technology: IT Services: NC company results read-across (9): Northsand 
(consulting), ExaWizards (AI solutions) 
18 Sep 2026 - Chikai Tanaka, CFA, Yuki Sato 
TISI (3626.T): Management meeting: Focus on AI solutions/consulting appears sound, 
but effects will take time to emerge 
18 Sep 2026 - Chikai Tanaka, CFA, Yuki Sato 
Target Price Changes (10% or greater): 
 
Webinars, Podcasts & Conferences 
UPCOMING WEBINARS 
September 22nd @ 10 AM ET – Crypto & Digital Assets Themes with Amar Amlani 
n
(GBM), Alex Blostein (GIR), James Yaro (GIR) & Christian DeGrasse (GBM); moderated 
by Linda Depaolis (GBM) | Click here to register 
October 13th @ 11 AM ET – Tracking the AI infrastructure buildout: taking the 
n
pulse of data center & semiconductor construction trends with Aterio with Javier 
Reyes, Aterio Head of Data Center Data; Jordan Pin, Aterio Energy Analyst; Daud 
Shiraz, Aterio Data Center Analyst & Sergio Toro, Aterio Director; moderated by 
Adam Bubes, Joe Ritchie & Daniela Costa | Click here to register 
Please visit our “Events” page for a complete list of calls and events around the globe 
RECENT PODCASTS 
Inside the Model: Focus on Entertainment with Stephen Laszczyk & Jim Covello 
n
On the Road with Goldman Sachs: 33rd Annual Global Retailing Conference 
n
Takeaways with Kate McShane, Brooke Roach, Lizzie Dove, Leah Jordan, Jon 
Keypour, Mark Jordan, Sue Maklari & Chris Hussey 
Research Unplugged: 2026 Global eCommerce Handbook: Assessing the Industry in 
n
 
Company Name
Ticker
Rating
Pricing CCY
Last Price
Upside / 
Downside 
(%)
New Target
 
Old Target
Enphase Energy Inc.
ENPH
Buy
$
34.64
36%
47.00

55.00
Sunrun Inc.
RUN
Buy
$
8.53
52%
13.00

15.00
Marathon Petroleum Corp.
MPC
Buy
$
424.89
11%
472.00

376.00
Waters Corp.
WAT
Buy
$
421.63
22%
515.00

465.00
Company Name
Ticker
Rating
Pricing CCY
Last Price
Upside / 
Downside 
(%)
New Target
 
Old Target
Supermarket Income REIT Plc
SUPR.L
Neutral
£
83.8
18%
99.00

88.00
Company Name
Ticker
Rating
Pricing CCY
Last Price
Upside / 
Downside 
(%)
New Target
 
Old Target
Vanchip
688153.SS
Sell
Rmb
25.67
19%
30.50

34.00
Americas
Europe
Asia
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
21 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 13]
an Increasingly Agentic World with Eric Sheridan, Ronald Keung, Irma Sgarz, Richard 
Edwards, Eric Cha, Manish Adukia & Chris Hussey 
On the Road with Goldman Sachs - European Edition: What we learned on Telcos and 
n
Media at EU Communacopia with Andrew Lee, Adam Berlin, James Tate & Sahar 
Islam 
Research Unplugged: European Software: Assessing moats in the Agentic era and 
n
feedback from Communacopia with Mohammed Moawalla, Deepshikha Agarwal, 
Sean Johnstone & Sahar Islam 
Inside the Model: Mapping the Consumer Wallet with Kate McShane, Brooke Roach, 
n
Lizzie Dove & Steve Kron 
On the Road with Goldman Sachs – Asia Pacific: Macau Gaming Tour with Simon 
n
Cheung & Michael Snaith 
On the Road with Goldman Sachs – Asia Pacific: China Machinery Trip with Nick 
n
Zheng & Michael Snaith 
On the Road with Goldman Sachs: Takeaways from the 2026 Communacopia + 
n
Technology Conference with Jim Schneider, Gabriela Borges, Matt Martino, Callie 
Valenti, George Tong, Mark Delaney, Kat Murphy, Michael Ng, Will Nance, Stephen 
Laszczyk, Eric Sheridan & Chris Hussey 
Going Against the Grain: AstraZeneca with Rajan Sharma & Sahar Islam 
n
Research Unplugged: Germany: The Earnings Recovery Still Ahead, Macro to Micro 
n
with Niklas Garnadt, Guillaume Jaisson, Daniela Costa, Chris Hallam, Sam Burgess & 
Sahar Islam 
Inside the Model: Focus on Steel with Nick Cash & Chris Hussey 
n
Research Unplugged: AI Infrastructure & the Next Phase of Capital Markets Growth 
n
with Richard Ramsden, James Yaro, Alex Blostein & Chris Hussey 
Research Unplugged: Data Centers and Behind the Meter Solutions – Deep dive on 
n
fuel cells and gas turbines Part 2 with Michele Della Vigna, Nikhil Bhandari, Ajay 
Patel, Nick Zheng & Sahar Islam 
Research Unplugged: Assessing the Health of the Consumer into 2027 and a Preview 
n
of the GS Global Consumer & Retail Conference with Kate McShane, Bonnie Herzog, 
Brooke Roach, Lizzie Dove, Leah Jordan, Jon Keypour, Mark Jordan, Joseph Briggs & 
Sarah Herr 
Research Unplugged: Europe: The Secret Outperformer: Macro to Micro with Sharon 
n
Bell, Chris Hallam, Alberto Gandolfi,  Andrew Lee, Sam Burgess & Sahar Islam 
Research Unplugged: Oil and Natural Gas: Back-to-School Update with Research & 
n
Trading with Daan Struyven, Sam Dart, Yulia Grigsby, Jon Yarrow, Jerome Dortmans 
& Pierre Brunet 
Inside the Model: Focus on the Parcel Industry with Jordan Alliger & Steve Kron 
n
On the Road with Goldman Sachs - European Edition: What we learned on media 
n
agencies, and how they make money, pitch & the impact of AI with Adam Berlin & 
Sahar Islam 
21 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 14]
Please visit the “Research Unplugged” page for all podcasts 
UPCOMING CONFERENCES 
DAY 1 TODAY: September 21-23rd: 15th German Corporate Conference | Munich | 
n
Visit Conference Website 
September 23-25th: Asia Healthcare CRMO Day | Singapore | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
September 24th: Commodities Conference 2026 | Paris | Visit Conference Website 
n
October 5-6th: Vietnam Corporate Day | Singapore | Visit Conference Website 
n
October 6th: EMEA FinTech Conference | London | Visit Conference Website 
n
October 19th: Healthcare Private Company Conference | New York | Visit 
n
Conference Website 
October 20-21st: Global Metals & Mining Conference | London | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
November 10th: 7th Annual Carbonomics Conference | London | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
November 30-December 3th: 18th Annual Industrials & Autos Week | London | Visit 
n
Conference Website 
November 30-December 4th: Japan Conference 2026 | Tokyo | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
Please visit our “Events” page for a complete list of conferences and events around the 
globe 
WEBINAR REPLAYS 
Global Markets: Rates, Fiscal Concerns & Cross-Asset Implications with Dominic 
n
Wilson & Will Marshall; moderated by Michael Snaith | Click here for replay 
Risk-Taker Views: Markets and Politics Post Fed with Anshul Sehgal (GBM), Jerome 
n
Dortmans (GBM), Tony Kim (GBM), Rich Privorotsky & Alec Phillips (GIR); moderated 
by Adam Crooke (GBM) | Click here for replay 
China Internet: Asia Leaders & Communacopia + Tech Conferences Takeaways 
n
with Ronald Keung, Lincoln Kong & Timothy Zhao; moderated by Michael Snaith | 
Click here for replay 
Japan Matters: BoJ Preview & Implications for Banks with Tomohiro Ota & 
n
Makoto Kuroda; moderated by Michael Snaith | Click here for replay 
GBM: Monthly US Equity Flow & Positioning Webinar with John Flood (GBM), 
n
Vincent Lin (GBM) & Ben Snider (GIR); moderated by Stephanie Chou (GBM) | Click 
here for replay 
China’s great Go Global expansion: From peripheral to core with Trina Chen, 
n
Jacqueline Du, Nicolas Yi, Tina Hou, Chris Pan, Yuichiro Isayama & Ajay Patel; 
moderated by Michael Snaith | Click here for replay 
Global Physical AI: Framing the Forward Progress of Humanoids with Eric 
n
21 September 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 15]
Sheridan, Mark Delaney & Jacqueline Du; moderated by Michael Snaith | Click here 
for replay 
Investment Strategy Group (ISG): Making Sense of Today’s Politics with Jonathan 
n
Martin, Politics Bureau Chief and Senior Columnist, Politico & Former National 
Political Correspondent, The New York Times; moderated by Sharmin 
Mossavar-Rahmani (ISG) & Matthew Weir (ISG) | Click here for replay | Call 
Presentation 
“Crude” Awakening: Navigating Oil’s Breakout with Neil Mehta (GIR), Daan 
n
Struyven (GIR) & Alexa Breno (GIR); moderated by Daniel Dickerson | Click here for 
replay 
CPI First-Take with Ronnie Walker (GIR) & Will Marshall (GIR); moderated by Gabe 
n
Tkach (GBM) | Click here for replay 
Navigating Brazil’s Elections: Macro Dynamics, Policy Pivots, and Market 
n
Outlook with Alberto Ramos (GIR), Thiago Marinheiro (GBM), Fabiano Ribeiro 
(GBM),& Fernando Ramos (GBM); moderated by Christine Tse (GBM) | Click here for 
replay 
GBM: Monthly Custom Baskets Webinar with Lou Miller (GBM) & Shawn Tuteja 
n
(GBM); moderated by Linda DePaolis (GBM) | Click here for replay 
Super El Niño: Framing Potential Implications for Agriculture with Lina Thomas; 
n
moderated by Caleb Chan | Click here for replay 
Investment Strategy Group (ISG): Russia: Is a Limited Assault on a NATO Ally 
n
Likely? with General Sir Nick Carter, Former UK Chief of the Defence Staff (2018-21) 
& Former UK Chief of the General Staff (2014-18); and Mark Pascale, Director of the 
Intelligence Project, Harvard Kennedy School Belfer Center & Former Chief of Station 
for China, Russia, and Syria, CIA; moderated by Sharmin Mossavar-Rahmani (ISG) | 
Click here for replay | Click here for Presentation 
What’s Next for Asia Equities? Insights & Trades from GS Leaders with Timothy 
n
Moe (GIR), Tomohiro Ota (GIR) & Enna Hattori (GBM); moderated by Andrey Alipov 
(GBM) | Click here for replay 
Please visit our “Audibles” page for all of our replays 
 
 
21 September 2026
  15
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 16]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
Each equity, credit and strategy research report excerpted herein was certified under Reg AC by the analyst primarily responsible for such report as 
follows: I, Name of Analyst, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject company 
or companies and its or their securities. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific 
recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Global Investment Research null. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
21 September 2026
  16
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 17]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
21 September 2026
  17
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 18]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
21 September 2026
  18
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 19]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
21 September 2026
  19
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 
