[Page 1]
GS Crook - GS MORNING GCEM Symposium Key Quotes
Trump/Xi Summit Preview NBH Views Global FX Trader Dollar
Drift and Week Ahead 21 Sep 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
21 Sep 2026
Highlights from GS Research, Trading and Sales: 1) GCEM Symposium Key Quotes, 2) Trump/Xi
Summit Preview, 3) NBH Views, 4) Global FX Trader: Dollar Drift and 5) Week Ahead
1) ADAM CROOK – Connecting you to GS: Thoughts From The Floor – LINK
Some key soundbites from our recent GCEM Virtual Macro Symposium. Full replay, with all sessions
available here.
Loretta Mester (Former President & CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland) on R + the labour
market: The unemployment rate is low, initial claims are very low….It seems like demand and supply are
in balance… we really haven't seen labour force growth this low… but that's because of the policies on
immigration, and also the demographics of an ageing population… We know that certain areas are worried
about AI coming in and taking jobs, but we're really not seeing that happen yet on a broad scale… In the
near term the investment is raising demand, so it's another factor pushing prices up… and then AI will
probably be a disinflationary force, but that disinflationary force doesn't mean that necessarily interest
rates need to be brought back down, because R, the equilibrium rate, is going to be higher, partly because
of the investment, but partly because of budget deficits, and the productivity growth that we probably will
get from AI…”
Jan Hatzius (Chief Economist & Head of Global Investment Research) on Warsh, Volatility and the Long-
End: Chairman Warsh wants to reduce the amount of information about the Fed's reaction function, and
that is more controversial… If there's less information about the reaction function of the Fed, I think it's
going to imply more volatility. There will be more meetings where we go into the meeting with a move
30% or 50% or 70% priced rather than 0% or 100%... It's definitely a regime change, and it's going to take
some getting used to. The additional demand for capital from the hyperscalers and others in the AI
complex… adds to the issuance that we're seeing from the government… that's very natural upward
pressure on longer term yields and on the term premium… once the build-out of the technology has
progressed further, typically investment comes down. ..So I think that will be more hump shaped… On the
government side, we're probably going to continue to see large primary deficits and increases in the debt
to GDP ratio at the Federal level from about 100% now to 120% over a decade.”
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) on the Long-End: We are less worried about the long end than the
market has been… what matters is R being less than G… Take the United States from 2022 to 2026…
Each year, the US government fiscally expanded by 6 to 8%, yet debt to GDP only worsened by 2.5%... If
you look at Japan in 2022, debt to GDP was 220%. Today it's at 180%... If the nominal economy is going


[Page 2]
to grow at 5%+ in the United States, then 5% bond yields are fair game… For people who want to trade
long the bond, there are better trades to do… if the long bond rallies, it'll accrue to places like the
neoclouds… In terms of running steepeners… we just don't see the point…. Fed policy and fiscal policy
are working at cross purposes right now..
James Ellery (Global Co-Head of Currencies & Emerging Markets Trading) on FX Opportunities: If you
look at rates vol, the market actually hasn't priced in significantly extra premium. So it's still supportive of
the carry trades… The funding side of the trade, in the context of what's happening in Japan, may be the
side that's changing. So, should it be funded in JPY, Euro or Swiss, or should you be funded in dollars? …
The risk to the trade is if the Fed becomes a bit more orthodox and you start to see not just one hike… a
series of hikes would be something that could disrupt that trade. Our favourite trade - Short dollars and
long EM, with a linear implementation focused on Turkey, Egypt, HUF in the region, Brazil, Mex, and
then Taiwan in Asia… To complement that… a long vol position in the pairs I mentioned, with USDCHF
being the favourite”
CHART 1: GCEM Macro Symposium Line Up
Source: GS FICC and Equities
2) ASIA ECONOMICS (HUI SHAN) – Trump/Xi Summit Preview
BOTTOM LINE: According to media reports, President Xi will visit the US during September 23-25.
News articles suggest Scott Bessent and He Lifeng will meet beforehand and that AI, trade, and rare earths
are among the likely topics of discussion. With the Iran war having escalated in recent weeks, and Iranian
Foreign Minister Araghchi meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi in Beijing on September 16,
the Iran war is likely to be discussed by Presidents Trump and Xi as well. The PBOC’s USDCNY fixing
has moved notably lower in recent days, similar to the pattern ahead of the Trump-Xi meeting in May,
sending a friendly signal. USDCNY fell below 6.70 for the first time since 2022. Overall, we think both
sides will seek to maintain relative stability in US-China relations, although a broad bilateral agreement
appears unlikely, consistent with market views in our recent investor survey.
EM STRATEGY (SUN LU): I think the risk-reward is skewed to the upside. Market is going to the
meeting with very low expectation. I think some of the low-hanging fruits has already been well expected
and well reported. Such as the $30 billion Board of Trade where both sides will exempt some of the out of
tariff and plan to extend the trade truce beyond the November deadline and recommit China's purchase
from the U.S., and some kind of AI communication. But I think at this juncture the most important thing is
oil, and China does have incentive to mediate U.S.-Iran talks. Iran's foreign minister was in China last
week and China is now buying a bit more oil from the market, even if the price is high due to low
inventory on the oil. So I think any signal that China helps mediate U.S.-Iran to have a sit-down could be
quite market-moving.
CHART 1: CNY Appreciated Against The USD And CFETS Basket Over The Last Week
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Wind


[Page 3]
CHART 2: USDCNH and USDCNY Rates
Source: Marquee MarketView
3) Ahead of NBH
BOTTOM LINE: MNB to Announce Lower Inflation Target and Leave Rates Unchanged. We and
consensus expect the MNB hold its base rate at +5.50%.
CEEMEA ECON (DALY) Following August’s meeting, Governor Varga stated that the Bank will conduct
a "multi-step review" of its inflation target and will publish the results in autumn. More recently, media
reports citing an MNB official suggested the Bank is set to lower the target from 3.0% to 2.5% at the
September meeting, while pausing policy easing at this meeting to assess the market reaction to the change
in target. Reflecting this guidance, we expect the Bank to temporarily pause its cutting cycle at the
upcoming meeting. Looking beyond the short term, we maintain our view that the outlook for Hungarian
rates is more dovish than market pricing implies, and that the market has overreacted to potential inflation
risks – see here.
FX STRATEGY (ALVES) Three key elements we will be focused on for this week's MNB meeting. First,
the inflation target revision, it's widely expected the target will be lowered from 3% to 2.5%. We think this
is HUF positive as growing inflation differentials help explain the long-run trend higher in EUR/HUF.
Second, the September Inflation Report and whether the new inflation projections allow for further cuts
after this week. In the June report, the MNB saw 2026 inflation at 1.8%. Oil prices have increased since,
but June-August inflation was lower than expected. Third, forward guidance, which currently states that
the future path of rates will depend on this Inflation Report. Throughout, we will be looking for signals of
the MNB’s sensitivity to the Forint and how this may have shifted relative to the summer
FX TRADING (VASIADIS) After delivering 3 cuts over summer, expect NBH to keep rates unchanged
with more cautious stance. They will likely note the increased offshore inflationary risks (higher energy,
Russia geopolitical threat). Important to see their inflation forecast where a lower target is expected. In
terms of FX, we continue to like fading the moves above 365 in EURHUF remaining bullish HUF over
medium term. Our preference is to keep short PLNHUF which provides more protection against a Russia
escalation.
EM VOL TRADING (OZER) Flows generally quite light. Some of that is likely a function of people
running out of premium to spend, some of it is people feeling pain in local rates, and some of it obviously
a function of just reduced conviction going into winter with Nat gas and crude prices where they are. What
little new interest we see for downside is either strictly low premium gamma downside (presumably for
the sake of people not wanting to stop into a potential break lower) or mid-dated leveraged downside (to
get budget announcement that is stated to take place sometime around mid-October)
4) FX & EM STRATEGY (TRIVEDI) – Global FX Trader: Dollar Drift - LINK
BOTTOM LINE: We think FX should remain in a low volatility regime under a range of likely economic
scenarios. The Dollar should be supported by solid US economic performance and prospective investment


[Page 4]
returns, and it is on the right side of the energy and carry themes, though negative Dollar impulses have
come mostly on the policy side. This week's FOMC communication was more hawkish than we had
expected, allowing the Dollar to recover off the low end of its recent trading range, but we do not expect
the FOMC to shift its approach to substantially tighten financial conditions, and an under-delivery relative
to market pricing would weigh on the currency again. China's continued firm currency management
should help contain broad Dollar moves.
JPY - The Downside of High Expectations: Growing speculation of a bigger policy shift in Japan,
including faster BoJ rate hikes, fueled the Yen's appreciation over the past couple months, but dissents
from PM Takaichi's BoJ Board nominees Sato and Asada raise fresh doubts, and Ueda emphasised the
Bank does not feel behind the curve, suggesting a high bar for an October hike. We still see clearer long-
term asymmetry in USD/JPY downside, reinforced by elevated intervention risk (a reported rate check
followed the BoJ presser), scope for faster BoJ hikes if data warrant, and higher odds of shifting portfolio
flows over time. Near-term, we prefer being long JPY vs EUR rather than outright USD/JPY.
CNY - Faster Pace Into the Summit: The USD/CNY fix has moved sharply lower in September, creating
greater room for offshore spot to strengthen further into the Trump-Xi summit. Coupled with growing
trade surpluses (August surplus ~$120bn) and ongoing FX inflows, policymakers should continue to feel
comfortable allowing sustained but gradual currency appreciation. We continue to forecast USD/CNY at
6.40 in 12m and recommend staying short SGD/CNH.
GBP - Summer's Fading Tailwinds: The BoE's dovish delivery has extended the EUR/GBP-positive trend
in front-end rate differentials, and we see room for that trend to continue. Our economists' forecasts imply
the clearest dovish risks to market pricing through end-2027 across G10 central banks. Sterling's summer
outperformance reflected a compression in risk premium on the Burnham government transition, cross-
border capital inflows, and the Euro's higher energy exposure, but risks are skewed toward those tailwinds
petering out, with the Autumn budget a potential catalyst for GBP underperformance.
CHF - Baby Steps: A firmly on-hold SNB has been a key driver of CHF underperformance. We expect the
SNB statement to make some changes to the FX language, specifically removing the bias to "counter a
rapid and excessive appreciation of the Swiss franc," but this is unlikely to provide a path to Franc
outperformance on its own. With CHF still a popular funding currency and positioning net short, there is
scope for unwinds to amplify Franc strength if the SNB ultimately adopts a more hawkish stance.
CHART 1: Clear Downside Asymmetry in USD/JPY Still Priced in the Pair for the Months Ahead
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Bloomberg
5) Week Ahead Previews
NBH (Tuesday): We and consensus expect the MNB to remain on hold at +5.50%, as the Bank's recent
guidance suggests that it is set to lower the inflation target from 3.0% to 2.5% at the September meeting,
while temporarily pausing policy easing at this meeting to assess the market reaction to the change in
target. Source


[Page 5]
PMIs (Wednesday): S&P Global US manufacturing PMI (consensus 53.5, last 53.9); Global US services
PMI (consensus 56.0, last 56.5). Source
Banxico (Thursday): GS 6.50%,consensus 6.50%, last 6.50%. Source
Norges Bank (Thursday): GS 4.50%,consensus 4.50%, last 4.25%. Source
Riksbank (Thursday): GS 1.75%, consensus 1.75%, last 1.75%. Source
SNB (Thursday): GS 0.0%, consensus 0.0%, last 0.0%. Source
Xi-Trump Summit (Thursday): The September Trump-Xi summit in Washington, DC, will be an important
follow-up to their May meeting in Beijing, aimed at preserving the fragile trade truce and reinforcing
“constructive strategic stability” between China and the US. Source


[Page 6]


[Page 7]


[Page 8]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 21 Sep 2026.
