[Page 1]
Michael Snaith 
+852-2978-0455 | 
michael.snaith@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. 
Caleb Chan 
+852-2978-0790 | caleb.chan@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
The 720: The Refining Super Cycle, China Online Games: NetEase & XD, 
Xiaomi, Toray, Busy Ming, Sansera Engg, Ramelius
22 September 2026 | 7:18AM HKT
In Focus | The Refining Super Cycle  
Global Oil – The Refining Super Cycle (Part 4): A System Stretched for Longer. We 
expect the global refining system to operate at elevated utilization rates for longer, 
requiring product cracks to stay high to suppress end-user demand and inventory 
restocking through 2027. Reflecting this delayed recovery and higher diesel and jet 
fuel margin forecasts, we raise our 2026-2028 Asia refiner EBITDA estimates by an 
average of 27%/24%/17% and increase their 12m TPs by 24%. We upgrade SK 
Innovation to Neutral with a 12m TP of W140,000 as strong refining margins and 
tight lube base oil supply offset persistent battery overcapacity. Furthermore, we 
spotlight key Buy-rated names including S-Oil (on CL), Thai Oil, Valero, Marathon 
Petroleum, and Repsol for their robust free cash flow generation and outsized 
exposure to structurally tight middle distillates. Nikhil Bhandari 
Listen Up - GS Webcasts on the Agenda 
US Internet: Takeaways from Communacopia+Technology Conference | 830am HK | 
Access Webinar | with Eric Sheridan, Dani Wojdyla 
China Online Games | NetEase, XD 
China Entertainment – Infinite content, finite attention in the age of AI. We see the 
rapid emergence of AI-generated content driving a structural shift in the industry, 
characterized by near-infinite content supply, 80-90% production cost savings, and 
significantly faster turnarounds against finite user attention. We view online gaming 
as the most resilient vertical, as established publishers can leverage AI tools to 
extend long-lasting IP franchises, while traditional production layers face 
commoditization and long-form video faces structural copyright and engagement 
risks. Within our coverage, we upgrade XD to Buy as its TapTap distribution platform 
shifts to an AI beneficiary amid abundant game supply, and we highlight Tencent and 
Conviction List name NetEase as front-runners in adopting AI for game development 
and user experience. Lincoln Kong 
NetEase – Strong 2027 Game Pipeline Set to Drive Topline Recovery – Buy (on CL). 
We expect a double-digit topline growth recovery in 2027 driven by a robust new 
game pipeline featuring Ananta and Beneath the Mist, offsetting the soft 
performance of Sea of Remnants and a light 2026 schedule. We fine-tune our 
2026-2028 revenue and net profit estimates by -1% to +1% to reflect enhanced 
pipeline visibility, projecting Ananta will generate Rmb6bn in its first 12 months 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
following a January 2027 global launch. We believe successful execution and increased 
overseas revenue contribution from these differentiated titles, alongside AI tool 
proliferation and renewed Blizzard IP, will support sustained long-term growth and a 
potential narrative re-rating. We view the current risk-reward as attractive and maintain 
a 12m TP of US$168/HK$263. Lincoln Kong 
XD – Resetting for growth inflection and narrative shift – Buy. We upgrade XD Inc. to Buy 
and lower our 12m TP to HK$60.7 following a recent share price pullback, as we see the 
company resetting for a revenue and operating profit growth inflection starting in 2H26. 
We lower 2026-28E revenue estimates by 3-5% on softer legacy titles and cut net profit 
by 10-15% to reflect back taxes and an increasing effective tax rate. However, we 
believe earnings revisions have bottomed and project 20% year-over-year core 
operating profit growth in 2H26, driven by resolved TapTap traffic cannibalization 
issues, incremental overseas contributions from Heartopia, and disciplined AI token 
spending. With the stock trading at historically low valuations and near-term tax 
headwinds largely priced in by the market, we view the current risk-reward profile as 
attractive. Lincoln Kong 
Themes in Play | Xiaomi, Toray, Busy Ming, Sansera Engg 
Xiaomi Corp. – Strong Agentic Gains from MiMo-V2.6 RL Live Streaming – Buy. We 
maintain our 12m TP of HK$39 following Xiaomi’s unprecedented live streaming of its 
MiMo-V2.6 reinforcement learning process, which demonstrated substantial 
improvements in long-horizon agentic performance on par with leading open-source 
models. The telemetry revealed that the V2.6-Flash model provides a more favorable 
return on compute investment than the Pro version, suggesting that AI training 
bottlenecks have shifted from hardware availability to engineering optimization. Looking 
ahead, we expect Xiaomi to continue disrupting market API pricing structures upon the 
official V2.6 release, and we anticipate the early 2027 launch of an efficient MiMo-V3 
model featuring a new HySparse architecture to further push the efficiency frontier and 
reduce inference costs. Timothy Zhao 
Toray Industries – US Capacity Expansions to Drive Aerospace and UAM Growth – Buy. 
We view media reports of Toray’s planned carbon fiber prepreg capacity expansions at 
three US sites positively, reiterating our Buy rating and ¥1,590 12m TP. We believe these 
additions are a strategic move to capture rising demand across commercial aircraft, 
space and defense, and urban air mobility (UAM). The capacity expansion supports our 
forecast for carbon fiber composite business profits to reach ¥44.2 bn by FY3/29, as 
Toray’s lightweight materials offer significant performance edges, such as an estimated 
15% weight reduction for UAM aircraft. Furthermore, establishing an integrated 
multi-site production system enhances supply stability and raises switching costs for 
customers across all three target demand layers. Atsushi Ikeda 
Busy Ming Group – 2026 H-share award grant reinforces long-term incentives – Buy. We 
maintain our Buy rating and 12m TP of HK$610 following the company’s announcement 
of a 1.62mn share grant to 185 employees under its 2026 H-Share Award Scheme. We 
believe the award design, which features differentiated vesting schedules through 2032 
and performance-based deferrals, effectively balances long-term incentives with 
accountability to align employee and shareholder interests. This well-structured equity 
framework should support talent retention and execution capability as the company 
continues its rapid expansion, having recently exceeded 30,000 contracted stores while 
22 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 3]
maintaining resilient same-store sales and healthy unit economics across lower-tier 
markets. Leaf Liu 
Sansera Engg – Prospective customers expand India semiconductor sourcing – Buy. 
Following announcements by global semiconductor equipment manufacturers to invest 
US$5bn and US$1.2bn respectively to develop India’s local supplier ecosystems, we raise 
our 12m TP on Buy-rated Sansera to Rs4,990 (from Rs4,500). We view these prospective 
customers as potential long-term growth contributors to the company’s higher-margin 
component supply business, building on an approximate US$180mn semiconductor 
order win from an existing customer in August 2026. Consequently, we make slight 
estimate increases to our FY29E EPS to partially factor in upside potential from this 
incremental development as well as a quarterly roll-forward. Chandramouli Muthiah 
Event | Ramelius 
Ramelius Resources – Refreshed production outlook drives estimate upgrades – Buy (on 
CL). We raise our 12m TP to A$5.30 from A$5.05 after management’s updated four-year 
outlook and FY27 guidance revealed better-than-expected near-term production and 
an 11% upgrade to FY30 group production targets. We increase FY27-29E EBITDA by 
6% to 25% reflecting the revised volume profile, higher growth capex, and cost 
adjustments, predominantly driven by the Mt. Magnet build-out and grade 
displacement. Although elevated medium-term growth spending somewhat subdues 
near-term free cash flow yields, we favor the stock for its strong longer-term organic 
production trajectory and fully funded balance sheet. Hugo Nicolaci 
Connections | HK, China Consumer Durables 
Hong Kong Tracker – Softened housing volume but resilient pricing. We maintain our 
15% FY26E housing price growth forecast, noting that while transaction volumes 
softened following China’s July capital controls, prices remain resilient due to an ongoing 
demand and supply imbalance. We see the office market recovery broadening into 
non-Central districts supported by solid financial institution leasing, whereas retail rent 
is tracking behind our expectations at a 1.5% year-to-date decline despite stabilizing 
since June. System liquidity remains abundant with bank deposit balances up 10% 
year-over-year, and we highlight Henderson Land, SHKP, Swire Properties, Jardine 
Matheson, HSBC, STAN, and HKEX as our key Buy-rated names. Simon Cheung 
China Consumer Durables – Appliance Tracker: Aug 2026. We see further signs of 
sequential improvement in domestic appliance retail demand, with August NBS sales 
resuming positive growth at +2% year-on-year on an easing comp base. While air 
conditioner domestic ex-factory shipments remained weak due to extreme weather and 
cautious distributor sentiment, exports tracked ahead of production plans, driven by 
restocking in Latin America and emerging market strength. Despite renewed margin 
pressures from sequentially higher copper and aluminum prices, we highlight Midea, 
Roborock, and Anker for their robust overseas growth potential, product innovation, 
and continued market share gains. Nicolas Yi 
Around the world | Microsoft, Cross Asset Strategy, Credit Line: Banks & AI 
Microsoft – NDR Feedback Validates AI Platform Strategy – Buy (on CL). Following recent 
investor meetings, we remain constructive on the company’s AI platform go-to-market 
momentum as management believes key strategic decisions from the past three years 
22 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 4]
are now paying off. The company has successfully front-loaded long-dated 
infrastructure investments, giving management greater flexibility over short-dated 
capex decisions to dynamically match capacity with enterprise demand. Management 
notes that AI unit economics are tracking healthier than the early cloud cycle, evidenced 
by a $51bn qoq RPO increase driven entirely by non-frontier enterprise. 12m TP of 
US$640. Gabriela Borges 
Global Cross Asset Strategy – Markets repricing around higher rates and oil prices. We 
maintain our neutral cross-asset stance on a three-month horizon and remain modestly 
pro-risk over 12 months, standing overweight equities, neutral on bonds, commodities, 
and cash, and underweight credit. Recent 25bp rate hikes from the Fed and BoJ, 
alongside Brent crude briefly breaching $100/bbl, have driven a cross-asset repricing 
led by front-end rates and widened the gap between safe and risky asset sentiment to 
its largest level since 2022. With global equities modestly de-rating and European risk 
premia weighed by rising energy and sovereign risks, we view calls on credit, bonds, and 
real estate, alongside receiver swaptions on front-end rates, as attractive hedges against 
recessionary headwinds or a rates-relief scenario. Christian Mueller-Glissmann 
The Credit Line – Banks and AI: A Credit-Positive Outlook. We reiterate our Overweight 
recommendation on banks versus non-financial sectors, particularly technology, as we 
view AI adoption as fundamentally credit-positive for the banking industry. As 
non-financials burden their balance sheets to fund AI infrastructure—prompting us to 
raise our 2026 USD IG gross supply forecast to $2.3 trillion from $2.1 trillion and pencil 
in $2.4 trillion for 2027—banks are capturing capital-light advisory, underwriting, and 
syndication fees while distributing most long-dated risk to private markets. Additionally, 
banks are broadly deploying AI for process automation and cost discipline, yielding 
efficiency gains that we believe easily outweigh the technical headwinds of record USD 
IG bank issuance. Sara Grut 
Graphic language | S-Oil - We expect strong FCF to sustain through 2026-28 
underpinned by strong refining margins coupled with the Shaheen project capex cycle 
completion 
 
 
 
22 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 5]
 
GS Events (Home Page here) 
Asia Healthcare CDMO Day | Singapore | 23-25 Sep 
n
Vietnam Corporate Day | Singapore | 5-6 Oct 
n
APAC Healthcare Corporate Day 2026 - Part I | Hong Kong | 3-6 Nov 
n
Japan Conference | Tokyo | 30 Nov - 4 Dec
n
 
 
22 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 6]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Michael Snaith and Caleb Chan, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject 
company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the 
specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Michael Snaith Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Caleb Chan Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
22 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 7]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
22 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 8]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
22 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 9]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
22 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 
