[Page 1]
Core inflation is close to target in most countries but is still notably higher in the 
n
US, especially in PCE terms. On the surface, this suggests that the US is a global 
outlier in still having a meaningful inflation problem. But a decomposition of the 
inflation baskets implies that, if anything, the US has less of an inflation problem 
than the rest of the world. 
We decompose the inflation basket into three categories. First, we find that core 
n
goods inflation has returned to long-run trends in both EMs and non-US DMs, 
reflecting post-pandemic normalization and disinflationary effects from 
increased Chinese goods supply. In contrast, core goods inflation remains 
elevated in the US due to temporary boosts from tariffs and AI measurement 
distortions. 
Second, non-shelter services inflation remains elevated in EMs and most DMs, 
n
particularly in the US PCE data. But after harmonizing the treatment of medical 
and financial services, non-shelter services inflation in the US looks more benign 
than in other DMs. Moreover, unit labor cost (ULC) growth appears contained in 
the US but elevated elsewhere, a pattern that points to more risk of sustained 
inflation pressures outside of the US. 
Third, shelter inflation has fully normalized in the US and in EMs on average but 
n
remains quite elevated in other DMs, particularly those where the pullback in 
immigration has been more limited. 
To formally assess the implications of these patterns, we estimate 
n
target-consistent inflation rates for each of the three components and for each 
country. Using these estimates, we identify the components preventing a return 
to target across countries. The upshot of this exercise is that the global inflation 
overshoot is largely driven by services, but in the US a large share of the 
overshoot comes from an increase in goods inflation that will likely reverse. Given 
that services inflation tends to be stickier, our results suggest that the US has less 
of an inflation problem than other countries, despite what current top-line 
measures suggest.
Megan Peters 
+44(20)7051-2058 | 
megan.l.peters@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
22 September 2026 | 9:12AM BST
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
GLOBAL ECONOMICS ANALYST 
Where in the World Is There Still an Inflation Problem?
 
 


[Page 2]
Where In the World Is There Still an Inflation Problem? 
 
 
Core inflation is only modestly above target in most countries but more significantly in 
the US, especially in PCE terms (Exhibit 1). On the surface, this suggests that the US is a 
global outlier in still having an inflation problem. In this Global Economics Analyst, we 
examine the drivers of these trends by considering the cross-country inflation data at a 
more disaggregated level. The upshot of our analysis is that, if anything, the US has less 
of an inflation problem than the rest of the world. 
 
To examine the drivers of the divergence in topline core inflation statistics, we 
decompose the core inflation basket into three categories: core goods, non-shelter core 
services and shelter inflation. 
Core Goods Inflation 
First, core goods inflation has on average returned to long-run trends in both EMs and 
non-US DMs but remains around 3pp above its pre-pandemic trend in US PCE data and 
1pp above its trend in US CPI (Exhibit 2). 
 
Exhibit 1: Core Inflation Is Close to Target On Average in Most Countries but Remains 
Elevated in the US 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
22 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 3]
 
All of the core goods overshoot in PCE core goods inflation shown in Exhibit 2 can be 
explained by two temporary factors that are unique to the US: tariffs and a mismeasured 
AI boost (Exhibit 3, left). 
Our US economists estimate that tariffs are raising year-over-year core PCE goods 
inflation by 2.4pp, but this effect should mostly vanish by H2 of next year. 
AI-induced increases in memory prices are also exerting a large and mismeasured boost 
on core PCE inflation, mostly because the much larger PCE weight (which likely captures 
some business purchases at retail outlets) for the “software and accessories” category 
overstates consumer exposure to the very sharp memory price increases earlier this 
year.  In addition, this category is not quality adjusted and therefore does not account 
for the improvement delivered by the incorporation of AI tools.  The software and 
accessories category is currently adding 1pp to year-over-year core goods inflation as 
measured in PCE (compared to less than a 0.1pp boost to core goods inflation from 
memory price increases in other DMs). We expect the mismeasured AI impulse to fade in 
2027, reflecting our equity strategists’ view that further upside to memory prices is 
limited, and our expectation that changes to the BEA’s methodology will lower the 
weight of software and accessories in the PCE basket when incorporated in the August 
print at the end of this month. 
Meanwhile, shifts in China’s trade patterns are supporting core goods disinflation 
elsewhere. Stronger post-pandemic export growth has directly increased supply and 
lowered prices in recipient countries, while weaker import growth—amid a push for 
greater self-sufficiency and subdued domestic demand—has freed up supply for global 
markets. We previously estimated that these two channels had lowered goods prices by 
0.7% on average in non-US DMs in the two years from 2024Q1 to 2026Q1. Incorporating 
the latest trade data (through 2026Q2) and extending our analysis to a broader panel of 
global economies, we estimate that imports from China have lowered goods prices by 
0.8% on average in non-US DMs and 0.6% in major EMs (Exhibit 3, right). 
 
Exhibit 2: Core Goods Inflation Is Elevated in the US but Has Returned to Pre-Pandemic 
Averages Elsewhere 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
22 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 4]
 
We expect these trends to persist under our China team’s forecast for further increases 
in the Chinese current account surplus. The resulting structural disinflationary tailwind 
should more than offset near-term inflationary pressures on core goods prices from 
energy spillovers—which have so far been limited globally, as evidenced by global 
downside inflation surprises since the onset of the Iran war—and the modest (correctly 
measured) AI boost we expect worldwide. Although the US will benefit less from this 
structural trend given that tariffs will limit the direct disinflationary spillovers from 
Chinese supply, its underlying core goods inflation trend still appears benign after 
accounting for the one-off factors outlined above. 
Non-shelter Services Inflation 
Second, non-shelter services inflation remains elevated in EMs and in most DMs, 
particularly according to the US PCE data (Exhibit 4, left). However, after harmonizing 
the treatment of catering, medical and financial services across DMs1, we find that core 
services inflation in the US is actually lower than in other large DMs (Exhibit 4, right). 
1
Our harmonized non-shelter services measure excludes financial services prices—which are measured 
differently across countries and are highly sensitive to stock market fluctuations in US PCE—and aligns the 
measurement of health insurance across countries. For further details, see Giovanni Pierdomenico and Joseph 
Briggs, “Harmonizing Disinflation”, Global Economics Analyst, 19 September 2023.
 
Exhibit 3: US Core Goods Inflation Is Boosted by Tariffs and AI Measurement Distortions; Increased Chinese Supply Has 
Lowered Goods Prices Elsewhere 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
22 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 5]
 
Moreover, unit labor cost (ULC) growth stands close to its pre-pandemic average in the 
US but is elevated in other economies (Exhibit 5). Given that labor costs are the primary 
driver of non-shelter services inflation over the medium-term, this pattern points to 
more risk of sustained inflation pressures outside the US. 
 
Shelter Inflation 
Third, we consider shelter inflation. On the left-hand side of Exhibit 6, we plot average 
rent inflation (which we focus on in the chart to account for measurement differences in 
owned housing in cross-country inflation measures) in the US, DMs and EMs. While rent 
inflation in the US and EMs has fully normalized, it remains quite elevated relative to 
 
Exhibit 4: Non-Shelter Services Inflation Is Elevated in the US Relative to Other DMs According to Official Measures, but 
Lower on a Harmonized Basis 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 5: Unit Labor Cost Growth Is More Benign in the US, Uncomfortably High Elsewhere 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
22 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 6]
long-run trends in other DMs.  Market rental prices—which are not featured in official 
inflation statistics but provide the timeliest measure of rent inflation—imply an even 
more benign outlook in the US relative to other DMs (Exhibit 6, right). 
 
Some of the progress in the US (and a few other DMs like Canada and New Zealand) is 
related to the pullback in housing demand following a slow-down in immigration, as 
shown in Exhibit 7. In contrast, rental inflation has made less progress since 2023 in DM 
economies where the pullback in immigration has been more limited. 
 
Target-consistent Inflation 
To assess the implications of these patterns, we compare inflation for each component 
 
Exhibit 6: Shelter Inflation Remains Elevated in Non-US DMs 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 7: Progress on Rental Inflation Has Been Greatest in DMs That Experienced Sharper 
Pullbacks in Net Migration 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
22 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 7]
with its target-consistent rates. Given that productivity growth is typically faster for 
goods than for services, goods inflation has historically run below services inflation. As a 
result, the rate of services inflation that is consistent with the central bank’s target tends 
to be somewhat above target, while target-consistent goods inflation is usually below it. 
We estimate target-consistent rates for each component and country using the 
methodology of Dallas Fed economists. In this exercise, we solve for the 
component-level inflation rates required to attain the central bank’s inflation target, 
holding the spreads between each inflation rate constant at their historical 
non-recessionary averages. The advantage of this approach over a naïve comparison 
with pre-pandemic trends is that it accounts for inflation having undershot target in 
most countries before the pandemic. Its main limitation is that it does not capture 
changes in the relationships among inflation components over time, although these 
spreads generally appear stable over the last 20 years. 
Having constructed these estimates, we then identify which components are creating 
above-target inflation pressures in different economies. In Exhibit 8, we plot our 
target-consistent measures against realized inflation. In this visualization, data points 
above the 45-degree line indicate component-level inflation running above 
target-consistent levels, while points below the 45-degree line indicate below 
target-consistent inflation.2 
The middle panel of Exhibit 8 shows that non-shelter services inflation is generally 
overshooting its target-consistent level across countries—overshoots are visible in 
non-US DMs, CEEMEA, and LatAm—consistent with the continued pressures illustrated 
in Exhibits 4 and 5. In contrast, the current pace of core goods inflation is roughly evenly 
distributed above and below target-consistent levels, with US PCE, Brazil, and Colombia 
the largest upside outliers and France and Poland the largest downside outliers. The 
distribution of shelter inflation also appears less concerning on this basis, suggesting 
that the overshoots relative to pre-pandemic trends in non-US DMs shown in Exhibit 6 
are less likely to keep inflation above target as inflation dynamics normalize. 
2
In this exercise we use our country economists’ preferred measures of exclusion core inflation.
22 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 8]
 
Exhibit 9 aggregates our estimates of realized component-level inflation rates relative to 
their target-consistent benchmarks at the country-level to decompose the current 
deviation of overall core inflation from target. Overall, inflation is most above target in 
Latin America, CEEMEA and in US PCE, but is more benign in EM Asia. The upshot of this 
exercise is that among countries where inflation is still elevated relative to target, the 
main driver is services inflation. The notable exceptions to this conclusion are Brazil, the 
US (at least based on core PCE) and Australia, where core goods inflation accounts for a 
larger share of the inflation overshoot. In the case of the US (and as discussed above), 
this is mostly driven by tariffs and AI-measurement biases.  
 
While non-shelter services are also exerting upward pressure on US core PCE, this again 
is mainly driven by the unusual treatment of healthcare and financial services in the PCE 
 
Exhibit 8: Core Services Inflation (Excluding Shelter) Is Consistently Above Target-Consistent Levels, While Core Goods 
and Shelter Inflation Are Broadly in Line 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 9: Services Inflation Accounts for the Majority of the Core Inflation Overshoot 
Globally 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
22 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 9]
measure: non-shelter services make little contribution to US CPI. Moreover, although 
shelter inflation makes a larger contribution to the US CPI overshoot—owing to its higher 
weight in CPI—market rents suggest further downside to rental inflation ahead. 
Given that services inflation pressures tend to be stickier than goods inflation pressures, 
our decomposition suggests that the US has less of an inflation problem than other 
countries, despite what current top-line core inflation measures suggest. 
Megan Peters 
 
The Global Economics Team 
Jan Hatzius 
+1(212)902-0394 
jan.hatzius@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Joseph Briggs 
+1(212)902-2163 
joseph.briggs@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Sarah Dong 
+1(212)357-9741 
sarah.dong@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Megan Peters 
+44(20)7051-2058 
megan.l.peters@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
22 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 10]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Megan Peters, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced by 
considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Megan Peters Goldman Sachs International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
22 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 11]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
22 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 12]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
22 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
Global Economics Analyst
 
 
