[Page 1]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
With The Fed Behind Us… 
September 20, 2026 
1 
With the Fed Behind Us… 
The 10-year Treasury sold off after the Fed bounced Thursday, only to resume selling, finishing the 
week just under 5%. Stocks, which seemed to move up and down with Treasuries, decided to move to 
the beat of their own drum into the close on Friday. Similarly, for the past few weeks, it seems that if 
you knew oil was up/down, you could predict yields would be up/down. Not on Friday. 
On this special day we will build on Thursday’s post-FOMC report: Back to Regularly Scheduled 
Programming. You might be wondering “what makes today special”? Well, for the first time ever, the 
T-Report has the same access to the White House as CNN, though not quite how we hoped it would 
happen. The ban definitely seems weird. Not sure what to make of it, and maybe it will be nothing, but 
it does seem strange at the very least. 
In Thursday’s report we touched on: 
• Oil and energy prices, which we will focus on more today. 
• Japanese Yen. Support has broken the 155 level solidly (closing at 156.9), which is likely to cause 
it to weaken further as a lot of people were willing to bet on I Am the House Now Bessent. 
• Compute Build and AI Spend. Increasingly, this is likely to be a focus of this week’s Trump/Xi 
summit. 
• Space. We need to do more to focus on the opportunities and risks (commercial and national 
security) for space. Working with some of Academy’s GIG members to more thoroughly assess 
this, as the national security aspect seems to be gaining more attention. 
The Houthis and Saudi Arabia 
Should we be treating what is going on between the Houthis and the Saudis as a subset of the Iran/U.S. 
war? The Houthis are, after all, a proxy of Iran. The Saudis have been working with the U.S. and the 
President, so are they merely just an ally? A subset, an extension, or something in its own right? 
While Iran is likely influencing the Houthis and certainly has given them the tools to cause havoc and 
mayhem, the Houthis seem to be taking the initiative. Maybe they see the U.S. as distracted with Iran. 
Maybe they see the U.S. testing the Saudis’ loyalty as an ally. In any case, it seems like they have seen 
an opportunity and are taking strides to set their agenda in and around the Red Sea. They have 
seemingly gone out of their way to avoid any attack against U.S. assets. Instead, they are hitting the 
Saudis where it hurts: their energy industry. And according to reports, that includes jet fuel facilities at 
the airport. 
We cautioned about getting excited that the pipeline damage inflicted on the “alternative to the Strait” 
pipeline would be repaired quickly. One, the damage seemed more extensive than just to the pipeline. 
Two, and more importantly, there is no evidence that new strikes could be thwarted. It seems like we 
should start pricing in “disruptions” to the energy complexes that are outside the scope of the U.S./Iran 
conflict. 
Will the Saudis be able to defend themselves? Will they “beg” America to get involved more directly? 
If they do, will the U.S. get involved? Will they try to disrupt traffic through the Red Sea? If so, how 
much can they do before the U.S. gets involved? I’d ask how much before Europe would get involved, 
but that seems like it is too unlikely to even think about (they probably should, but it doesn’t seem 
imminent). 


[Page 2]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
With The Fed Behind Us… 
September 20, 2026 
2 
Markets seem to only react badly when actual events affecting energy prices occur. 
Markets seem to react positively to any story, rumor, or hope that is positive. 
That relationship may need to change… 
Even My Mother Knows Diesel Prices are High! 
Usually, by the time my mother knows something is affecting financial markets, it is a pretty good time 
to fade the trade as it has become totally consensus. I’m not so sure about that this time. 
Since the war began, we’ve been focused not as much on oil, but more on LNG and Diesel. Both are 
“tighter” than oil itself. More susceptible to supply chain disruptions. Less flexibility to work around. 
So rather than “fading” something we’ve argued that people should focus on, we should just embrace 
that people (including my mother 뇤
눎
눐
눑
눒
눏) are now thinking about the dangers of rising diesel prices: for 
industry, transportation, and agriculture (and maybe the “back up” generators at some data centers). 
   
We already busted through the “red circle” that we had in last week’s version of this chart.  
This is a big deal and has created some chatter about restricting diesel exports from the U.S. As 
discussed in prior reports, that is not likely to work (even with restrictions, the domestic price isn’t 
likely to deviate too far from Global Price minus Transportation minus Storage). It is also likely to hurt 
U.S. companies going forward as customers entering into new contracts need to consider this 
possibility (plus there are likely to be some legal challenges). 
Rising diesel prices are high on my list of inflation pressures that are mounting and difficult to control 
(unless you are in charge of the war efforts).  
One Path to Victory with Iran 
Anything could happen. We could all wake up on Monday to find that there is a “deal” that is on the 
table and close to getting done. We did have an MOU after all (though from day 1, it seemed that 
although we all saw a written version, there were “unwritten” versions or promises made, that were 
inconsistent and it seemed like neither side had really listened to what the other side had said or 
wanted). I won’t discount some sort of “deal” but it seems difficult to believe that it will be one the 
U.S. can claim as a major victory, if it happens now (given the current news flow surrounding the war). 


[Page 3]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
With The Fed Behind Us… 
September 20, 2026 
3 
The economic sanctions could pressure Iran into a deal. The blockade has been very successful. Iran 
seems to be able to “contain” the amount of trade going through the Strait against their interests (some 
is going through, but Iran is still able to scare many into not trying to run through the Strait).  
• Can the increased focus on sanctions work? Sure, but in a matter of weeks? Hmmmm…I find it 
difficult to believe that a nation that kills its own citizens on an industrial scale will collapse in 
weeks, or even a couple of months. They have had experience with evading sanctions for 
decades, albeit sanctions not being enforced as strictly as they are supposedly being enforced 
now. 
• It remains unclear how sanctions will work unless the U.S. is willing to go after China (and 
Turkey) to the full extent of what Bessent has outlined. So far, that doesn’t seem to be 
happening. It will almost certainly be a discussion point this week for Trump and Xi. 
Sanctions are helping and might be enough to force a good deal, but that doesn’t seem like a 
“tomorrow” sort of event. 
Increasingly, we are being asked about “knocking out” Iran’s infrastructure. Could that happen? Yes, 
but here is a quick assessment: 
• Anything clearly military focused has already likely been hit and destroyed. 
• That leaves “dual use” facilities. Facilities that have both a military use and a commercial use. 
Let’s say energy sources close to military facilities that also service communities. Some of these 
are viable targets as the military usage is enough to justify going after them. Similar for some 
bridges necessary for moving troops or armaments. But this can be tricky: on a legal and 
humanitarian level. Global perception, while not necessarily at the top of the admin’s concerns, 
should still be a concern. 
This is a possible path for the U.S., but it could be a difficult balancing act of doing enough to force 
change, without doing too much reputational (or even legal) damage. 
Taking the Islands that control the Strait: after the midterm elections. 
One theory that General (ret.) Bellon discussed this week is taking action to secure the islands that 
control the Strait, culminating possibly with Kharg Island. 
The rationale is: 
• Wait until after the midterms, because risks to U.S. troops will increase, but it won’t be as 
politicized as it would be prior to the elections. Prior to the election, IRAN WILL HAVE MORE 
OPTIONS than after the elections. Basically, if Iran believes the midterms represent a hurdle to 
Trump, they can take different actions than they can after the midterms have occurred. There 
is no longer some “deadline” for Trump, giving him more flexibility and changing Iran’s response 
function. This makes a lot of sense. 
• Sanctions may work to create a deal, but anything resembling a different regime is not likely. 
Taking the islands that control the Strait, and eventually Kharg Island itself, would cripple their 
energy industry and demonstrate real weakness on their part. It will be difficult to do without 
loss of further life, but when so many other options leave us with a “kick the can” option, the 
President may decide an option that has horrible costs may be better than going through this 
effort every few years.  


[Page 4]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
With The Fed Behind Us… 
September 20, 2026 
4 
• Signaling the will to do this might be enough to change Iran’s negotiating stance. Taking even 
one small, relatively insignificant island that is the easiest to defend may also change the 
calculus for Iran. The U.S. might win not by taking every Island, including Kharg, but the start 
of turning a threat into reality could be enough. 
 What to watch for: 
• The U.S. moving vessels with top-notch medical facilities into proximity (less than 1 hour by 
helicopter, say as a guideline) would be a good indication. The military’s commitment to saving 
each and every life possible, and providing the best care possible, is real. So, they would need 
to move these vessels that can perform state-of-the-art surgery and operations, close enough 
to help any soldiers needing aid.  
Of all the discussions that I’ve heard around a “post-midterm” victory, this path seems reasonable. 
Maybe the theory would even be that once Iran sees the ships moving in, and knows the President isn’t 
potentially hamstrung by upcoming midterms, it capitulates and looks for a deal? Maybe a bit 
optimistic, but it resonates with me. 
Greenland Deal 
The President announced a deal. I will reserve comment until we see the terms of the actual deal (so 
far, as has become the norm, there are all sorts of assertions from a variety of sides, with little 
documentation).  
The deal could be a real game changer, as the President implied via Truth Social. It might just be an 
updated formulation of agreements already in place (never hurts to update something that was written 
long before the polar ice caps were melting, when computers were the size of a house, and rare earths 
and critical minerals weren’t required in vast amounts). 
A win in any case, but how much of a win remains to be seen. And could it have been done without 
all of the “annex” / “take” Greenland rhetoric? 
Trump and Xi 
We will provide a full take on this on Tuesday morning, as we work with the GIG to figure out what is 
likely the highest priority on both sides. 
A few months ago, trade, rare earths, and critical minerals would have been high on that list. 
A few weeks ago, Iran and global energy had to be high on that list. 
Now, cyber, AI, and compute have to be highest on the list. 
At first blush, on most of these issues, the U.S. seems to need more from China than they need from 
the U.S. Never a great way to enter into a summit with China, but we will delve deeper on Tuesday. 
Bottom Line 
I’m running out of time in Vermont, and it might be nicer to spend it outside rather than at my laptop 
뇤
눎
눐
눑
눒
눏 (and the Wi-Fi is spotty at best). 
Diesel and the Middle East are key to rates. 
For now, I think the path for energy prices (and stocks) and rates (globally) is higher. The news flow 
has not been positive this weekend, and it is difficult to see that changing quickly as Trump seems to 


[Page 5]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
With The Fed Behind Us… 
September 20, 2026 
5 
be focused on dealing with Iran from a “stronger” position after the midterms (not stronger in terms 
of having the support of the House and the Senate, stronger because the perception that he has a 
deadline is gone). 
For compute, Cheap Chinese Compute remains a concern. 
It is difficult to get all “warm and fuzzy” about the outcome of this summit for markets. More 
choppiness seems to be the order of the day, with a bias to the downside for me on the compute spend 
story (though good for their credit spreads). 
We get to bookend this week with a Monday morning appearance on CNBC and Friday morning on 
Bloomberg to analyze the results of the summit! 
Should be another interesting week that we all have to navigate. Even with the Fed behind us, we will 
be paying attention to the data that may determine the next move for the Fed, but Iran, the Houthis, 
diesel, rates, and the summit are all going to move markets (hopefully in accordance with how we are 
recommending positioning). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 6]
f! 
 
   Macro Strategy 
 
 
         Peter Tchir 
With The Fed Behind Us… 
September 20, 2026 
6 
Disclaimer 
This document and its contents are confidential to the person(s) to whom it is delivered and should not be copied or 
distributed, in whole or in part, or its contents disclosed by such person(s) to any other person. Any party receiving and/or 
reviewing this material, in consideration therefore, agrees not to circumvent the business proposals explicitly or implicitly 
contained herein in any manner, directly or indirectly. Further, any recipient hereof agrees to maintain all information 
received in the strictest confidence and shall not disclose to any third parties any information material to the opportunity 
contained herein and, upon review hereof, agrees that any unauthorized disclosure by any party will result in irreparable 
damage for which monetary damages would be difficult or impossible to accurately determine. Recipients recognize, and 
hereby agree, that the proprietary information disclosed herein represents confidential and valuable proprietary 
information and, therefore, will not, without express prior written consent, disclose such information to any person, 
company, entity or other third party, unless so doing would contravene governing law or regulations.  
This document is an outline of matters for discussion only. This document does not constitute and should not be interpreted 
as advice, including legal, tax or accounting advice. This presentation includes statements that represent opinions, estimates 
and forecasts, which may not be realized. We believe the information provided herein is reliable, as of the date hereof, but 
do not warrant accuracy or completeness. In preparing these materials, we have relied upon and assumed, without 
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of all information available from public sources.  
Nothing in this document contains a commitment from Academy to underwrite, subscribe or agent any securities or 
transaction; to invest in any way in any transaction or to advise related thereto or as described herein. Nothing herein 
imposes any obligation on Academy.  
Academy is a member of FINRA, SIPC and MSRB. Academy is a Certified Disabled Veteran Business Enterprise and Minority 
Business Enterprise and is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business as per the US SBA. Investment Banking 
transactions may be executed through affiliates or other broker dealers, either under industry standard agreements or by 
the registration of certain principals. 
