[Page 1]
TECHNICAL STRATEGY
Deep in the Tranches
CCC Spreads at Multi-Year Wides
WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW: 
Once again if looking just at the S&P 500, you would think the surge in energy prices
and rates has had little impact over the last few months. Yet under the surface, NYSE
downside volume as a percentage of total volume (20 DMA) has surged back to 54%,
near YTD highs, and small-caps are off more than 5%. Since 1996, this is the 12th
time this occurrence has happened. While the forward returns are mixed for SPX,
they are particularly negative for RTY, with average and median 40-day returns both
-2.1%. Further, once again we have some ominous dates for bigger cycle tops including
March 2000, November 2007, and November 2021. While most credit spreads remain
subdued particularly relative to treasuries, the riskiest tranches (CCCs) are starting to
blow out. In absolute terms, CCC spreads are above 9%, the widest since 2023. Relative
to Bs, spreads are well above 6%, a threshold that has historically coincided with more
meaningful index drawdowns.
■
Downside Volume Back to YTD Highs. NYSE downside volume as a percentage of
total volume (20 DMA) has surged back to 54%, near YTD highs. Yet unlike March
when SPX was ~9% off highs, it’s currently only 3% away. Small-caps are off 7%, but
that’s also less than the -11% drawdown they saw in March.
■
What Does it Mean? Since 1996, this is the 12th time the 20 DMA of NYSE downside
volume > 53%, SPX within 3% of an all-time high, and RTY > 5% below a 52wk high.
While the forward returns are mixed for SPX, they are particularly negative for RTY,
with average and median 40-day returns both -2.1%. Further, once again we have
some ominous dates for bigger cycle tops including March 2000, November 2007,
and November 2021.
■
Deep in the Tranches. While most credit spreads remain subdued particularly
relative to treasuries, the riskiest tranches (CCCs) are starting to blow out in absolute
terms and relative to Bs. Spreads are wider than they were at the depths of the ’22
bear market!
■
Small-Caps Reacting to Spreads. Small-caps (RTY) relative to large-caps (SPX) appear
to have noticed the widening CCC spreads with the ratio falling over 8% since late
June.
■
Move Up in Quality. Consumer High vs. Low quality peaked in August and is now
breaking lower multi-month lows. Makes sense to move up in quality.
■
Still No Fear. 10-DMA of put/call ratios still bumping along near YTD lows.
■
Bitcoin Impressive. We previously thought Bitcoin needed to retrace back towards
the ~69k level. While it did break below 75k last week, it quickly reversed and is now
back near recent highs. That sort of reversal should be respected, and as long as 75k
now holds, bulls can target a push through 82k on the way to ~90k.
September 20, 2026
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT
(332) 400-5152  jkrinsky@btig.com
PLEASE READ: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST’S CERTIFICATION APPEAR IN APPENDIX
WWW.BTIG.COM
 


[Page 2]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Downside Volume Back to YTD Highs 
 
 
 
• NYSE downside volume as a 
percentage of total volume 
(20 DMA) has surged back to 
54%, near YTD highs.  
 
• Yet unlike March when SPX 
was ~9% off highs, it’s 
currently only 3% away.  
 
• Small-caps are off 7%, but 
that’s also less than the -
11% drawdown they saw in 
March.  
 
 
 
 
 
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
2
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 3]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
What Does It Mean? 
Since 1996, this is the 12th time (removing redundant signals) that the 20 DMA of NYSE downside volume was above 53%, SPX was 
within 3% of an all-time high, and RTY was more than 5% below a 52wk high.  
While the forward returns are mixed for SPX, they are particularly negative for RTY, with average and median 40-day returns both -
2.1%. 
 Further, once again we have some ominous dates for bigger cycle tops including March 2000, November 2007, and November 2021.  
 
 
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
3
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 4]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Deep in the Tranches 
 
While most credit spreads remain 
subdued particularly relative to 
treasuries, the riskiest tranches (CCCs) 
are starting to blow out in absolute 
terms and relative to Bs.  
Spreads are wider than 
they were at the 
depths of the ’22 bear 
market! 
(Inverted) 
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
4
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 5]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
CCCs Widest Since ‘23 
 
 
Triple C spreads above 9%, the widest 
since ’23. The riskiest parts of credit are 
starting to show stress.  
Bloomberg CAA US High Yield Average OAS (BCAUOAS) 
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
5
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 6]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Small-Caps Reacting to Spreads 
 
 
Small-caps (RTY) relative to large-caps 
(SPX) appear to have noticed the 
widening CCC spreads with the ratio 
falling over 8% since late June.  
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
6
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 7]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Move Up in Quality 
 
Consumer High vs. Low quality 
peaked in August and is now breaking 
lower multi-month lows. Makes sense 
to move up in quality.  
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
7
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 8]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Still No Fear 
 
The vertical line is the July FOMC 
meeting. At that point there was much 
more fear based on the 10-DMA of 
put/call ratios.  
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
8
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 9]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Solar Needs to Hold 
 
 
The Solar ETF (TAN) is down ~40% from 
summer highs and into some small 
support. If it can’t hold here, the risk is a 
move back towards the $36-$40 level.  
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
9
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 10]
Source: BTIG Analysis and Bloomberg. 
 
Bitcoin Impressive  
 
 
We previously thought Bitcoin needed to retrace back 
towards the ~69k level. While it did break below 75k 
last week, it quickly reversed and is now back near 
recent highs. That sort of reversal should be respected, 
and as long as 75k now holds, bulls can target a push 
through 82k on the way to ~90k.  
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
10
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY


[Page 11]
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY
Appendix: Analyst Certification and Other Important Disclosures
Analyst Certification
I, Jonathan Krinsky, hereby certify that the views about the companies and securities discussed in this report are accurately
expressed and that I have not received and will not receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific
recommendations or views in this report.
Regulatory Disclosures
Ratings Definitions
BTIG LLC’s (“BTIG”) ratings, effective June 12, 2017, are defined as follows:
BUY – A security which is expected to produce a positive total return of 15% or greater over the 12 months following the
recommendation. The BUY rating may be maintained as long as it is deemed appropriate, notwithstanding price fluctuations that
would cause the target to fall outside of the 15% return.
SELL – A security which is expected to produce a negative total return of 15% or greater over the next 12 months following the
recommendation. The SELL rating may be maintained as long as it is deemed appropriate, notwithstanding price fluctuations that
would cause the target to fall outside of the 15% return.
NEUTRAL – A security which is not expected to appreciate or depreciate meaningfully over the next 12 months.
NOT RATED – A security which is not rated or covered by BTIG.
UNDER REVIEW – Effective immediately, coverage of the following securities is Under Review. Ratings, price targets, disclosures,
and estimates for the companies listed below are suspended and should no longer be relied upon.
Distribution of Ratings and Investment Banking Clients
BTIG must disclose in each research report the percentage of all securities rated by the member to which the member would
assign a “buy”, “neutral” or “sell” rating. The said ratings are updated on a quarterly basis. BTIG must also disclose the percentage
of subject companies within each of these three categories for whom the member has provided investment banking services
within the previous twelve months.
Current Rating Distribution (as of September 20, 2026):
Coverage Universe
Count
Percent
Inv. Banking Relationships
Count
Percent
Buy
382
67.5%
Buy
133
34.8%
Neutral
180
31.8%
Neutral
47
26.1%
Sell
4
0.7%
Sell
0
0.0%
For purposes of FINRA ratings distribution rules, BTIG’s stock ratings of Buy, Neutral and Sell fall into Buy, Hold and Sell
categories, respectively.
Technical Research Disclosure
This research report contains technical analysis and/or trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a
near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities discussed herein. Technical Research may discuss companies not
currently covered by BTIG LLC.
Recommendations are based on market/trend indicators, market internals, and price and volume studies. Such analysis and/or
strategies may be directionally counter to another BTIG LLC analysts’ published rating/price target for the stock. Any such analysis
is distinct from and does not affect the BTIG LLC analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which reflects a stock’s
expected return as discussed in BTIG LLC’s “Analyst Stock Ratings” disclosures.
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
11


[Page 12]
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY
Other Disclosures
Additional Information Available Upon Request
General Disclosures
Investment products and services are available through BTIG, the marketing name for BTIG, LLC., member of FINRA and SIPC, a
brokerage subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp and affiliate of U.S. Bank.
Research reports produced by BTIG LLC (“BTIG”) are published for and intended to be distributed solely to BTIG institutional and
corporate clients. Recipients of BTIG reports will not be considered clients of BTIG solely because they may have received such
BTIG report.
To the extent recipient accesses BTIG research, whether on a BTIG research website or through a third-party platform, BTIG is able
to search, filter, download and review information on the readership of BTIG’s research, including the specific research consumed
and the name, company name, email address and, in certain circumstances, the location of the individual who accessed the
research (the “Readership Information”). Recipient consents to BTIG’s receipt of the Readership Information, including receipt
of that information from a third party.
Without BTIG’s prior written consent, recipients of BTIG research reports and any other BTIG material whether accessed from a
BTIG research website, by email or other electronic means, or through a third-party platform are not permitted to use, in whole
or in part, BTIG research reports or any other BTIG material, in connection with or to enable development of machine learning, or
other similar technologies, or to train third-party or proprietary artificial intelligence technologies, models, software, platforms,
tools or similar technologies, or as a prompt or input to any such technologies.
The research analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report receives compensation based upon a variety of factors,
including the quality and accuracy of research, internal/client feedback, and overall Firm revenues.
Artificial intelligence tools may have been used in the preparation of this material, including assisting in fact-finding, data analysis,
pattern recognition, and content drafting.
BTIG reports are based on public information and BTIG considers the same to be reliable, comprehensive information, but
makes no representation or warranty that the reports are accurate or complete. BTIG opinions and information provided in
this report are as of the date of the report and may change without notice. An issuer may be classified as “Under Review” or
“Research Restricted”. In these cases, investors should consider any previous investment recommendation and/or rating to a
subject company/issuer to no longer be current and should not be relied upon nor considered a solicitation.
This research report is not an offer to buy or sell or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security in any jurisdiction where such
an offer or solicitation would be illegal. This research report was not drafted specifically for any particular individual or entity and
is not a personal recommendation to participate in any particular trading strategy or transaction. Any recipient of this research
report should obtain independent advice specific to their personal circumstances before undertaking any investment activity and
must make their own independent evaluation of any securities or financial instruments.
Facts, views or opinions presented in this report have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information known to, employees
or other professionals in the “BTIG Group” (BTIG Group includes, but is not limited to, BTIG and its parents, subsidiaries and/
or affiliates). BTIG Group employees, including Sales Representatives and Traders, may provide oral or written commentary or
advice that may be inconsistent with the opinions and/or views expressed in this research report. BTIG Group employees and/or
its affiliates not involved in the preparation of this research report may have investments in securities or derivatives of securities
of companies mentioned in this report that are inconsistent with the views discussed in this report.
Private Company Disclosure: No recommendations, ratings, estimates.
Regarding private companies discussed within this report, BTIG LLC does not assign a rating system. Unlike public companies
that are under BTIG LLC research coverage, there are no recommendations, ratings, or estimates available for any of the private
companies referenced herein. While the information derived from and contained in this report have been obtained from sources
believed to be reliable, it is important to recognize that private companies are not typically subject to the same reporting
obligations as publicly traded companies. This can result in less publicly available information, potentially less transparency,
and fewer sources of information regarding the private enterprises discussed in these materials. The information contained
in this document may differ from information a private company may subsequently make public or otherwise share with
investors. BTIG assumes no responsibility for any such discrepancies. The reader should not assume that any discussion of private
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
12


[Page 13]
 
TECHNICAL STRATEGY
companies discussed in these materials is to be regarded as an express or implied acknowledgement or accedence to any research
expectation of any private company if it goes public.
For a complete list of BTIG Disclosures including public company-specific disclosures and explanation of BTIG LLC’s research
Ratings Definitions for public companies, please visit https://research.btig.com/disclosures.
Investors in securities products bear certain risks in conjunction with those investments. The value of, and income from, any
investments may vary because of changes in interest rates or foreign exchange rates, securities prices or market indexes,
operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors within or beyond the companies’ control. Recipient of the
research reports should be aware that investments in securities may pose significant risks due to the inherent uncertainty
associated with relying on forecasts of various factors that can affect the earnings, cash flow and overall valuation of a company.
Any investment in securities should be undertaken only upon consideration of issues relating to the recipient’s overall investment
portfolio and objectives (such as diversification by asset class, industry or company) as well as time horizon and liquidity needs.
Further, past performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or
warranty, express or implied, is made regarding future performance. There may be time limitations on the exercise of options
or other rights in any securities transactions.
Investing in foreign markets and securities, including ADRs, is subject to additional risks such as currency fluctuation, limited
information, political instability, economic risk, and the potential for illiquid markets. Investing in emerging markets may
accentuate these risks. Non-U.S. reporting issuers of foreign securities, however, may not make regular or complete public
disclosure relating to their financial condition or the securities that they issue.
The trademarks and service marks contained herein are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make
no warranties or representations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and
shall not have liability of any damages of any kind relating to such data. The report or any portion hereof may not be reprinted,
sold or redistributed without the written consent of BTIG. This report is intended only for use by the recipient. The recipient
acknowledges that all research and analysis in this report are the property of BTIG and agrees to limit the use of all publications
received from BTIG within his, or her or its, own company or organization. No rights are given for passing on, transmitting, re
transmitting or reselling the information provided.
Jurisdiction and Dissemination
BTIG is the marketing name for BTIG, LLC., and is member of FINRA and SIPC, a brokerage subsidiary of U.S. Bancorp and affiliate
of U.S. Bank (brokercheck.finra.org).
BTIG Australia Limited ACN 128 554 601, member of ASIC and ASX; BTIG Hong Kong Limited, an Exchange Participant of SEHK and
licensed and regulated by the SFC; BTIG Ltd, member of the LSE, authorized and regulated by the FSA; and BTIG Singapore Pte
Ltd, registered and licensed with MAS; are all separate but affiliated entities of BTIG. Unless governing law permits otherwise,
you must contact a BTIG entity in your home jurisdiction for further information, or if you want to use our services in effecting
a transaction.
Issued and approved for distribution in the UK and EEA by BTIG Ltd. to eligible counterparties and professional clients only. Issued
and distributed in Australia to “wholesale clients” only by BTIG Australia Limited. In Singapore and Hong Kong, further information
may be obtained from BTIG Singapore Pte Ltd and BTIG Hong Kong Limited, respectively.
BTIG, LLC
Jonathan Krinsky, CMT (332) 400-5152
www.btig.com
13
