[Page 1]
GS Crook - Thoughts from the Floor Connecting You to GS 19 Sep
2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
Sat 19 Sep 2026, 3:03am EDT
Themes resonating with global clients at the moment and GS views/thinking on the topics. Reach out if
there are comments, opinions and/or ideas you wa
Themes resonating with global clients at the moment and GS views/thinking on the topics. Reach out if
there are comments, opinions and/or ideas you want to discuss with the people below.
1) Connecting you to GS: Soundbites from the GCEM Virtual Macro Symposium; How are you thinking
about the Fed path into year-end + 2027, and what were your major take-aways from the FOMC decision,
the statement + the press conference last week? The FOMC appeared reasonably united + gave the
impression of prioritising its price stability mandate– Could the meeting provide a real ballast for the long-
end? A lot of clients have portfolios that could be adversely impacted by a spike in oil, say to $125+, what
catalysts are you watching + what circumstances could unlock the real right-tail in oil? At what level of
TTF + energy prices do Central Banks in Europe + CEEMEA start to adjust monetary policy paths
because of growth-concerns?
2) Trades we Like: Hedging a Pro-Risk / Carry Book….In client meetings across Central Europe,
CEEMEA + the US in the last couple of weeks, I sensed a tangible concentration of positions, across
asset-classes, that would all be materially challenged by a significant right-tail move in oil + energy prices
-> Long EM Carry, long Frontier-FX, Long Equities/Tech, Received positions in a number of EM Local
markets.. This, to me, feels like the key vulnerability in market-positioning.
In a world where global growth is strong, FX/Rates realised vol remains contained, and a credible Fed
caps long-end Treasury volatility, these positions should continue to perform…. However, with the point
of maximum-brinksmanship in the Middle East potentially directly ahead, in to and through the US Mid-
terms, it’s worth considering hedges + overlays to protect core-portfolios from the energy right-tail..
i) SPX ‘Look-Back’ Puts contingent on Rates Higher -> Equities typically struggle to digest sharp
increases in bond yields (2SD+): A ‘Look-Back Max’ Put sets the strike (in this case 95%) from the high-
print in the SPX observed during the life of the option; leveraged downside for a scenario where a spike in
oil/energy triggers a sharp sell-off in US/Global duration, and this then has a negative feedback loop in to
Equities -> Buy a Dec-26 SPX 95% Look-Back Max Put Contingent on 10y SOFR > 4.8% for 90bps USD
(Comparable SPX vanilla LB Max Put = 1.9%; selling Equity/Rates Corr around zero, has regularly
released below -60% in last 3 years)
(h/t Martin Slater)
ii) 6mnth 10% USD Calls vs CHF + EUR -> ‘Route-1’ Hedge for a Spike in USD-Rates Vol: When USD
Rates Vol spikes, the USD strengthens – A reliable + consistent relationship; the cost of 4% OTM USD


[Page 2]
Binary Calls vs EUR + CHF sit at multi-year lows due to low Implied Vols + USD-carry; good decay
profile -> structures lose only around 11% (USDCHF) + 24% (EURUSD) of value by critical US mid-
terms on 3rd Nov (spot + vol unchanged) -> i) Buy 6mnth 1.1000 EURUSD Binary Put for 9.95% EUR
(Max ~10x Leverage); ii) Buy 6mnth 0.8570 USDCHF Binary Call for 9.95% USD
(Max ~10x Leverage).
iii) QQQ Lower vs US 10y Yields Higher -> Equities/Tech down vs Yields up the pain scenario: Carry has
remained well-subscribed across asset-classes + Funds are struggling to hold onto returns. From here, the
pain scenario is equities down / yields up, potentially from: An extended timeline in the Middle East + a
sustained move higher in energy; Expectation for AI capex numbers growing; and/or slowing pace in
model development + regulatory concerns for AI -> i) Buy a Dec-26 Dual Binary QQQ < 95% vs
10ySOFR > FCMS+0.25% for 9% USD (Max ~11x leverage); ii) Buy a Mar-27 Tri-Binary QQQ < 90%
vs 10ySOFR > FCMS+0.25% vs COK7 >120% for 5% USD (Max ~20x leverage.
(h/t Sean Gelbwaks)
iv) Buy 1-3mnth Brent Crude Calls -> Receding Implieds making topside in Brent attractive again as a
Geo-political Hedge: We like 1-3mth tenor outright Brent Cllas + Call Spreads given implied vol is now
significantly off the highs -> i) Dec26 Brent (Expiry = 27th Oct) $125 Cal for $1.10/bbl; ii) Dec26 Brent
(Expiry = 27th Oct) $125/150 Call Spread for $0.80/bbl.
(h/t Tom Evans)
Max loss = Premium paid on all structures/hedges
Thoughts welcome - Adam
----
1) Connecting you to GS:
| • | Macro: Soundbites from the GCEM Virtual Macro Symposium |
Replay here
Loretta Mester (Former President & CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland) on R + the labour
market: “The unemployment rate is low, initial claims are very low….It seems like demand and supply are
in balance… we really haven't seen labour force growth this low… but that's because of the policies on
immigration, and also the demographics of an ageing population… We know that certain areas are worried
about AI coming in and taking jobs, but we're really not seeing that happen yet on a broad scale… In the
near term the investment is raising demand, so it's another factor pushing prices up… and then AI will
probably be a disinflationary force, but that disinflationary force doesn't mean that necessarily interest
rates need to be brought back down, because R, the equilibrium rate, is going to be higher, partly because
of the investment, but partly because of budget deficits, and the productivity growth that we probably will
get from AI…”


[Page 3]
Jan Hatzius (Chief Economist & Head of Global Investment Research) on Warsh + Volatility: “Chairman
Warsh wants to reduce the amount of information about the Fed's reaction function, and that is more
controversial… If there's less information about the reaction function of the Fed, I think it's going to imply
more volatility. There will be more meetings where we go into the meeting with a move 30% or 50% or
70% priced rather than 0% or 100%... It's definitely a regime change, and it's going to take some getting
used to.”
.. on the long end -> AI issuance colliding with fiscal: “The additional demand for capital from the
hyperscalers and others in the AI complex… adds to the issuance that we're seeing from the government…
that's very natural upward pressure on longer term yields and on the term premium… once the build-out of
the technology has progressed further, typically investment comes down. ..So I think that will be more
hump shaped… On the government side, we're probably going to continue to see large primary deficits
and increases in the debt to GDP ratio at the Federal level from about 100% now to 120% over a decade.”
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) on the Long-End: “We are less worried about the long end than the
market has been… what matters is R being less than G… Take the United States from 2022 to 2026…
Each year, the US government fiscally expanded by 6 to 8%, yet debt to GDP only worsened by 2.5%... If
you look at Japan in 2022, debt to GDP was 220%. Today it's at 180%... If the nominal economy is going
to grow at 5%+ in the United States, then 5% bond yields are fair game… For people who want to trade
long the bond, there are better trades to do… if the long bond rallies, it'll accrue to places like the
neoclouds… In terms of running steepeners… we just don't see the point…. Fed policy and fiscal policy
are working at cross purposes right now..”
James Ellery (Global Co-Head of Currencies & Emerging Markets Trading): “If you look at rates vol, the
market actually hasn't priced in significantly extra premium. So it's still supportive of the carry trades…
The funding side of the trade, in the context of what's happening in Japan, may be the side that's changing.
So, should it be funded in JPY, Euro or Swiss, or should you be funded in dollars? … The risk to the trade
is if the Fed becomes a bit more orthodox and you start to see not just one hike… a series of hikes would
be something that could disrupt that trade.”
Our favourite trade: “Short dollars and long EM, with a linear implementation focused on Turkey, Egypt,
HUF in the region, Brazil, Mex, and then Taiwan in Asia… To complement that… a long vol position in
the pairs I mentioned, with USDCHF being the favourite”
Will Wolcott (Co-Head of US Credit Trading) on AI Supply and Credit Spreads: “The AI theme has
transitioned from a private and equity market story to more of a credit and funding story… the estimates
keep getting revised higher, and the scale and the scope keeps becoming bigger and bigger… We have a
30-year hyperscaler basket that trades about 60 basis points wide of comparably rated 30 year IG credit.
Maybe that was 20 basis points wide at the start of this theme… It feels like at this point the market is
willing and able to fund this build out. We are seeing buyers become more selective. We're seeing some
new issue concessions come back. But it feels like we've found a bit of a clearing level here… issuer limits
at insurers, a number of folks have 2% issuer caps, that's come up as a constraint… I think we'll see more
of that funding shift to the short and intermediate maturity points.”


[Page 4]
Our favourite trade: “Across the credit complex, a directional short in the IG market. We prefer that in
cash… generic IG spreads that are at historically tight levels and positioning for wider… outside of the AI
CapEx complex. Also looking at double B spreads, which is another place that's vulnerable… Looking at
select CDS names from the short side, and then tactical longs in parts of the AI complex.”
Tony Kim (Co-Head of EMEA & Asia Commodities Trading) on European Gas and Precious Metals:
“Even if you assume a ramp up of Qatar exports in November and say they get back to some decent export
capacity in December, Europe looks pretty tight going into winter. Different market estimates would put
European storage levels around 70% for end of October, and depending on how weather goes, you could
get to critical levels… If there's another month that goes by without any progress in Hormuz, it's very
possible you could see 90 to €100… there isn't really a cheap way to hedge the portfolio by buying options
on TTF at the moment… The more energy prices and the Hormuz situation escalate… you're going to
actually see gold sell off higher rates due to the inflation component, as well as the lack of building of
reserves from the energy exporting countries… But once you look past especially the conflict in Hormuz,
the thing that remains pretty consistent is the central bank sponsorship of the buying of physical… And
with central banks buying, you don't need as much institutional flow to really send the price higher. So we
still think new all-time highs are going to be ahead (in Gold). It could be quite a while though, if this
conflict in Hormuz persists.”
Our favourite trade: “It is probably still gold… $4000 is where we've seen quite a bit of sovereign and
institutional sponsorship. On any of these pullbacks with escalations in Hormuz where you get closer to
that level, we would want to start adding on a delta one basis… And maybe on a slightly more niche point,
a lot of clients are starting to look at the risks globally for what would happen if Super El Nino does end
up coming through… corn, palm oil, cocoa, coffee, sugar.”
Mike Singh (Managing Director, The Washington Institute) on US-Iran: “Much of the recent market
stability rests on the assumption that the East-West pipeline across Saudi Arabia holds – that assumption is
already proving wrong, with the reignited Saudi-Houthi conflict driving prices higher… a damaged or
destroyed US naval vessel in the Gulf would trigger a significant jump in oil prices, and this is the single
clearest near-term escalation trigger… Iran has closed Hormuz far more easily than anyone anticipated,
and the US has found it far harder to reopen… keep the midterms on the risk radar as a flashpoint for both
sides’ military calculus… Europe is investing in defence, building an industrial base, and taking a tougher
line on Russia and China – a re-focus on allyship will produce better outcomes for the US and for
markets…”
Jared Cohen (President of Global Affairs & Co-Head, GS Global Institute) on US-China: “Markets are
under-pricing Hormuz risk by conflating demand reduction with demand destruction… China absorbed
~25% of the 20mb/d that transited the Strait; remove that shock absorber and GIR says fair value is
roughly $10-15 higher… On the Trump-Xi meeting, the only thing that matters is any signal Xi is shifting
away from ‘playing for time’; every day of the status quo, China believes it gains fundamental
advantage… Generative AI is the first generational technology to debut with global simultaneity, and
combined with US-China rivalry, is driving the rise of geopolitical swing states.…”


[Page 5]
Vitali Meschoulam (Global Head of Market Strats) on EM Carry: “Investors aren't chasing performance,
they're chasing income… the glue holding everything together is a weak USD… because this cycle's
adjustment is coming via rates and not FX, investors can harvest carry without fighting constant
depreciation… the real risk to EM carry is whether it can detach itself from long-end rates in a world
where term premia is rising… on the issuance overhang, the AI build-up is a competition for finite balance
sheets and is making it harder to attract capital even with sound EM fundamentals… Long HUF 5y rates
on a September inflation-target change and an October EU accession timeline…”
Alan Stewart (Head of EM Trading & G10 Spot FX Trading in EMEA) on USD: “Most of the recent USD
weakness is policy-sponsored, with the Treasury's increase in long-dated buybacks plus Bessent's USDJPY
intervention rhetoric signalling an implicit acceptance that the USD can, and may need to, weaken to
stabilise the back-end…. you do not need a weaker USD for EM outperformance, a stable USD is
enough… DXY has held a 3% range for 7 of 9 months, making it a valid funder within a basket…
populate the funder basket with currencies negatively exposed to energy and geopolitics… short
PLN/HUF as the HUF convergence trade is multi-year, and the cross back at post-election levels looks
wrong given growing PLN fiscal risk into their election …”
Arjun Nagpal (Head of GCEM Asia Macro Trading) on Asia Rates/FX: “BOP-surplus countries with an
AI investment cycle should outperform on both FX and rates… energy importers lower on the AI value
chain will find it more challenging… Long Korean bonds, as AI-driven tax collections are 40% higher
implying lower net issuance, with 20y KTBs at SOFR +110, among the cheapest levels versus comparable
ratings across different countries…”
Alec Phillips (GS Chief US Political Economist) on the US Mid-terms: “Democrats lead the generic ballot
by 6-7 points vs a GOP House popular-vote win of just 2.5 points in 2024, a ~9-point net shift,
corroborated by special elections averaging a 10-point move… Democrats leading by 3-4 points in states
Trump won by 11-13 is basically a tie, not actually an advantage – GOP-state polls consistently
overestimate Democratic support as voters ‘come home’ by Election Day… in eight midterm cycles,
markets have never been less focussed on the direct policy implications for the next year – it is all 2028
signalling plus hot-button items like AI regulation… a Democratic House-and-Senate could use
reconciliation to pass a 2028-marker fiscal bill – higher taxes on capital and corporate income funding
popular measures, forcing a Trump veto… no appetite to restrict China tariffs, but a spiralling US-Canada
auto dispute could win Republican Senate sympathy….”
Jonathan Martin (Politics Bureau Chief & Senior Political Columnist, Politico) on the US Midterms: “It's
the most forbidding midterm for the GOP since 2006 – a supercharged version, with cost of living, fuel
prices and a Middle East war layered on… Fetterman is closer today to either becoming a Republican or
an Independent than he's been at any time since he was elected… the Abdul El-Sayed race is the one both
party factions watch closest , as an El-Sayed win validates Bernie-style progressivism in the heartland
whilst a loss hands moderates the “should have run Haley Stevens" argument… the Democratic base want
accountability, not conciliation, making debt-ceiling and spending-bill compromises hard to strike…”


[Page 6]
Sarah Guo (Founder of Conviction & Co-Host of the ‘No Priors’ AI & Start-Up Podcast) on AI Adoption
+ Token-Spend Within Companies: “I believe two things to be strongly true. One is that companies will
want independent oversight and optimization of cost, either self-built or through platforms like Cognition -
you can be two magnitudes more or less efficient with your tokens in code generation. And two,
companies will get much better at thinking about overall outcomes from engineering. And it's the
responsibility of the product companies to make that visible to the enterprise as well.”
| • | Fed: How are you thinking about the Fed path into year-end and 2027, what were your major take-
aways from the decision, the statement + the press conference? |
Rob Kaplan (Vice Chairman of GS + Former President of the Dallas Fed) paraphrased from the GS
Weekend Macro Call…. The dot plot suggested that the median expectation around the table is for,
including yesterday, a couple of rate increases, i.e. getting the fed funds rate to more like 4%-4.25%...
Some around the table are hoping for a third, but I would call that pretty muted… In Warsh's press
conference he did a much better job explaining the meeting, explaining how he's thinking, but… I don't
think he's as hawkish as the market read….
… The reason the Fed may not do as much as people think is that I don’t think the economy is as strong as
what Warsh said… I think if it's AI related, very strong… Defense spending related, very strong…
Anything interest rate sensitive is sluggish: Autos, housing, low-to-moderate income consumer… The Fed
is very aware that this is a mixed bag… And it's also very aware that higher rates are already priced into
the yield curve before the meeting even started. .. So an interest rate increase is more likely to affect small
business and folks that borrow based on the Fed Funds rate…. I think they're very aware of that, so that's
another thing that makes me think they'll raise rates, but won't go as far as the market seems to be pricing
in…
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) paraphrased from the ‘Views from the Floor: Markets & Politics Post-
FOMC’ Webcast (here)… Warsh said multiple times during his presser: We are removing a dose of
accommodation… The market had some idea that the Fed might be just print to print… Instead, when he
says ‘we are removing a dose of accommodation’, necessarily it means that there are more hikes down the
road… . So the market actually has priced in cumulative hike this cycle, including the hike that happened
last week, of close to 100 basis points of hikes…
…. That is not incorrect given where oil prices are and everything else…. Deciding whether to hike or not
based on one CPI print, or even the trailing three CPI prints, is very myopic… In the Fed's telling, that's
not what they're doing…. What they're doing is that, given they have missed their target for four or five
years, they're just basically playing catch-up… What they're saying is that they realize that the current
level of the funds rate is accommodative, and therefore they may need to hike….
Brian Bingham (US STIR Trading): “ Warsh provided a clear directive in the press conference, attributing
the hike to three developments over the prior two months: strengthening economic data, lack of
improvement on the trend of inflation, and working geopolitical developments in the Middle East. We find
this explanation both clear and credible, and agree with the market’s assessment that with the hiking cycle
now begun the same logic can be extrapolated to subsequent meetings; while an incremental 75bps of


[Page 7]
hikes priced through m7 is high and would more than undo the cuts from 2025, it is hard to pound the
table that they cannot realize should the ai/capex narrative continue to accelerate.
We expect this unwavering message to come as a panacea to an ailing bond market, and view flatteners as
the clearest direction of travel now that the market can begin to focus on second order growth implications
with the new cycle underway. We prefer to express via rec sfrm7m8 from -10bps, with a target of -30
achievable in a world where the policy rate stabilizes at 450.”
| • | Long-End Rates: The FOMC appeared reasonably united + gave the impression of prioritising its price
stability mandate– Could the meeting provide a real ballast for the long-end? |
Will Marshall (Chief US Rates Strategist): “Two aspects of this week’s Fed message landed in a relatively
(if not absolutely) supportive fashion for the long-end. First, the decision and price stability message was
sufficient to remove the destabilizing dovish tail, but not so forceful up to ratchet up curve volatility by
throwing open the front-end distribution.
Second, the anxiety around an uncertain Fed reaction function feels less of a pressing matter given the
cohesive and consistent message—we’ve shown higher policy uncertainty is typically associated with
higher term premium. It’s worth noting that the fundamental ingredients that have supported higher yields
across global curves are still there, however. As a result, the higher range for the long-end of the curve
should remain solidly in place until there’s a genuine fundamental shift. But the FOMC’s approach has
taken out some of the potential sources of long-end specific instability and should help to reinforce the
pattern of higher yields coming predominantly from the front-end of the curve.”
The curve has been more consistently counter-directional with front-end rates since Jackson Hole
Source: GIR
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) paraphrased from the ‘Views from the Floor: Markets & Politics Post-
FOMC’ Webcast (here)… I don't think the US has as large a debt sustainability problem as people make
out… We will start hearing about this again October 1st, as the start of the next fiscal year, that US debt-
to-GDP is going to be very high… Now, the primary deficit-to-GDP, which is what the US government
spends, is no different than it was in 2015… What is higher now is interest expense, which does not accrue
to labor… At the beginning of every year for the last three years, we've heard how debt-to-GDP is going to
blow out because deficits are going to be running at 6–7%, which is correct as long as you hold the
denominator, GDP, constant…. If GDP also grows at 5-6%, debt-to-GDP only worsens by 1 to 2%, which
is exactly what's played out in the last few years….
…So there's a lot of commotion there, but largely it's following bandwagon effects…. We are on the
lookout for the bandwagon effects to ebb, so that we can trade the long end from the long side… Right
now we're running flatteners, with our sizing appropriately small… We're not that worried about the long
end basically selling off…. We also don't think the Fed hiking aggressively is going to rein in the long end,
because the structural buyers are just not present in the current economy…


[Page 8]
Andrew Lavenburg (US Inflation Trading) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call…. On inflation
premium, real rates have been the primary story here, as inflation break-evens have remained relatively
tame, though a hawkish policy stance creates headwinds for the asset class…. The reaction function and
restrictive policy pricing should keep inflation breakevens and inflation forwards under pressure, as any
indication of acceleration in underlying trend inflation will be met with action…. While traded inflation
has relaxed off the local highs, we see little scope for recovery given these policy dynamics and anticipate
the asset class to be relatively range bound over the near future, though see scope for a continued
tightening….
.. Regarding longer-term duration, the credibility regained by the committee should help keep a lid on
long-term yields, giving duration a reprieve, at least for now…. However, from here on out, monetary
policy will likely be unable to address any further repricing from broader macro and exogenous variables
that have weighed on yields, though one can argue that much of this is in the price at the moment….
| • | Oil: A lot of clients have portfolios that could be adversely impacted by a spike in oil, say to $125 +
above - what catalysts are you watching + what circumstances could unlock the real right-tail in oil? |
Daan Struyven (Global Co-Head of Commodities Research) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro
Call…. We still view the crude outlook as a highly uncertain tug of war between historic disruptions and
also remarkable market adaptation. …We recommend hedging large geopolitical risks through long
exposure to deferred refined products rather than crude, as the outlook on the supply side for refined oil
products is more unambiguously negative….
… For now, the two key forces moderating crude upside - Mideast supply and China demand weakness -
remain intact... On supply, we estimate that total exports from Persian Gulf countries have risen in
September to nearly 80% of pre-war levels, or 18 million barrels per day, supported by dark fleet flows,
ship-to-ship transfers and Saudi Arabia re-exports away from the Red Sea back to the east… On demand,
Chinese crude imports remain down 3 million barrels per day, or 30% year over year… We expect China
crude imports to stay weak if crude prices remain high, as electric cars, trucks and trains have made
Chinese demand for gasoline and diesel structurally more price sensitive….
.. But here is a twist… As Iranian hardliners observe this adaptation, they might conclude that attacking
ships is insufficient and that attacks on energy infrastructure need to intensify ahead of the US
midterms…. The key risk for the $125+ tail is sustained damage to energy infrastructure, crude fields,
processing facilities, export terminals or refineries, that might keep Mideast supply depressed for
longer…. We estimate that every sustained 10% reduction in Mideast exports raises the fair value of crude
oil prices next year by around $20 per barrel…
Jerome Dortmans (Co-Head of Global Oil Trading) paraphrased from the ‘Views from the Floor: Markets
& Politics Post-FOMC’ Webcast (here)… Obviously the issue that surfaced last week with the damage to
the East–West pipeline, highlighted the vulnerability and constraints that we have in servicing what is
becoming an increasingly low inventory and constrained logistical market environment….


[Page 9]
… What we're already seeing very quickly as a response to that damage is increased loadings from inside
the Gulf of Saudi production, which obviously is going to try to make its way out through the Straits… the
dark fleet is probably very active moving those barrels.. So in terms of the tail on the crude side, the
market still has reasonable levers to avoid a big spike in crude…. We still have the SPR, which is still
sufficient on crude… We do have the run around back to the Gulf, because of the dark fleet functioning
pretty well so far… But ultimately, it's still incredibly unstable, and that instability is feeding broadly into
other parts of the oil complex and the supply chain, and therefore the premium — the risk premium — can
still be considerably higher than we are pricing today….
| • | TTF: At what level of TTF + energy prices do Central Banks in Europe + CEMEA start to adjust
monetary policy paths because of growth-concerns? |
Kevin Daly (Co-Head of CEEMEA Economics): “One clear message from our recent investor trip to the
CEE-4 (Czechia, Poland, Hungary and Romania) is that policymakers believe markets are pricing in too
much tightening over the next year (Czechia and Poland are pricing in 100–125bp of tightening, while
Hungary is pricing in 25–50bp). In Czechia and Poland, the expectation is that policy rates will remain on
hold for the time being. While policymakers and analysts in both countries acknowledged that some
tightening may be required if higher energy prices persist, no one thought it likely that four to five hikes
would be needed. We expect Hungary to pause its easing cycle at the 22 September policy meeting and
announce a reduction in the inflation target from 3.0% to 2.5%. However, in our view, the likelihood of the
MNB tightening policy in the near term is very limited.
The rise in European natural gas prices adds another dimension to energy price risks in the CEE.
Policymakers in the region view these risks purely through the lens of their implications for inflation and
are relatively insensitive to the damage that high energy prices may cause to growth. Nevertheless, given
the substantial degree of monetary policy tightening already priced by the market, current rate pricing
offers significant protection against all but the most extreme gas price scenarios.”
Jari Stehn (Chief European Economist): “The ECB staff’s severe scenario assumes that TTF gas prices
rise to 130 EUR/MWh in Q4 and remain persistently higher (and oil rises to around USD 130 per barrel).
In this scenario, ECB staff estimate that headline inflation would rise to almost 6% and core inflation
would remain persistently higher, given stronger second-round effects. Growth in this scenario is
substantially weaker but the economy avoids recession.
ECB Gas Price Scenarios -> Baseline, Mild, Adverse, Severe
Source: GIR
Our simulations suggest that the net effect of lower growth and higher inflation in this scenario is
additional rate hikes, with optimal policy simulations pointing to a peak rate of around 4%. Even in the
ECB’s scenario, therefore, higher gas prices imply higher rates.
Taylor-Rule Implied ECB Policy Rate Conditional on Projections
Source: GIR


[Page 10]
It is possible that much larger increases in gas prices would catalyse non-linear activity effects and entail
much larger growth damage and thus work against the inflation pressures and higher rates, especially if
shortages and quantity disruptions were to arise. That said, the economy has shown surprising resilience so
far, additional fiscal support would likely be delivered to cushion the growth effect and, as a result, the
economy remained resilient even during the huge gas shock of 2022-23.”
Jan Scheffel (Head of STIR Trading): “The experience from 2022, when gas prices reached levels above
300 Euros and central banks tightened policy aggressively into restrictive territory, would suggest that
there is no specific level of energy prices at which the growth concerns start to outweigh the inflation
concern.
This is despite the fact that the overall economic backdrop and the starting point for monetary policy going
into this year’s energy crisis are very different compared to 2022.
The main concern for central banks from rising energy prices into the Winter will be the impact that this
will have on headline inflation and inflation expectations at the start of next year, when annual wage
negotiations take place. Central banks will have learnt their lesson from 2022 and will want to get rates
into restrictive territory prior to those wage negotiations taking place if energy prices continue to rise, to
avoid second round effects.
Central banks would only start to adjust their response to rising energy prices if they see real weakness in
the hard economic data and clear signs that there is no meaningful passthrough from higher energy prices
into other goods and particularly wages.
We continue to see the ECB maintaining its quarterly pace of rate hikes based on current level of energy
prices and no material indirect and second round effects. This is consistent with the message from last
Tuesday’s MNI piece suggesting that the ECB is likely to wait till December before the next hike. We
think that we would need to see TTF around the 100 level or signs of second round inflation effects by the
time of the October meeting, for the ECB to change the pace of hikes to a sequential pace. As such, we
like running received October ECB meeting at 15.5bps priced (62% chance of an October hike).”
2) Trades we Like: Hedging a Pro-Risk / Carry Book….
In client meetings across Central Europe, CEEMEA + the US in the last couple of weeks, I sensed a
tangible concentration of positions, across asset-classes, that would all be materially challenged by a
significant right-tail move in oil + energy prices -> Long EM Carry, long Frontier-FX, Long
Equities/Tech, Received positions in a number of EM Local markets.. This, to me, feels like the key
vulnerability in market-positioning..
In a world where global growth is strong, FX/Rates realised vol remains contained, and a credible Fed
caps long-end Treasury volatility, these positions should continue to perform…. However, with the point
of maximum-brinksmanship in the Middle East potentially ahead, in to and through the US Mid-terms, it’s
worth considering hedges + overlays to protect core-portfolios from the energy right-tail..
4 Options:


[Page 11]
i) SPX ‘Look-Back’ Puts contingent on Rates Higher -> Equities typically struggle to digest sharp
increases in bond yields (2SD+)
(h/t Martin Slater)
Buy a Dec-26 SPX 95% Look-Back Max Put
Contingent on 10y SOFR > 4.8%
90bps USD
Refs: ESZ6 7,865; 10ySOFR 4.64%
Comparable vanillas: SPX vanilla LB Max Put = 1.9%; SPX Vanilla Put 1.35%; Rates Digi 40%
Moving the 10yr SOFR contingency to 4.7%
110bps USD
Max loss = Premium paid on both structures
| • | A ‘Look-Back Max’ Put sets the strike (in this case 95%) from the high-print in the SPX observed
during the life of the option. | | • | Leverage downside for a scenario where a spike in oil/energy triggers a
sharp sell-off in US/Global duration, and this then has a negative feedback loop in to Equities… | | • |
Lookback formula: Notional Max (K%maxLB/S(0) – S(T)/S(0),0) |
Equities typically struggle to digest sharp increases in bond yields
Ben Snider: ‘Stocks have usually generated positive returns alongside rising interest rates unless the pace
of rising rates exceeded 2+ standard deviations.”
Source: GBM
SPX vs 10yr Swaps -> Clients Sell this Correlation at 0%
Source: Marquee MarketView
ii) 6mnth 10% USD Calls vs CHF + EUR -> ‘Route-1’ Hedge for a Spike in USD-Rates Vol…
Buy 6mnth 1.1000 EURUSD Binary Put
9.95% EUR
Max ~10x Leverage
Ref 1.1460
Max loss = Premium paid
Buy 6mnth 0.8570 USDCHF Binary Call
9.95% USD
Max ~10x Leverage


[Page 12]
Ref 0.8250
Max loss = Premium paid
- Consistent + reliable relationship -> When USD Rates Vol spikes, the USD strengthens: R-Squared of
45% between EURUSD + USD 3m1y Swaption Vol observed YTD (Chart below).
- Low Implied Vols / USD-carry -> The cost of a 4% OTM USD Binary Call vs EUR + CHF at multi-year
lows..
- 6mnth Tenor:
Point of max-tension around the Middle East in to + post Mid-terms.
Axios: Trump Weighs Big Decision on Iran (here).
- Good decay Profile: USDCHF 6mnth 10% Binary Call loses only 11% of value by critical US mid-terms
(spot + vol unch); EURUSD 6mnth 10% Binary Put only 24% (Chart below)
EURUSD (Inverted) vs USD 1y1y Swaption Vol
Source: GBM Market Strats (Jonas Schmitten)
EURUSD vs USD 3m1y Swaption Vol (YTD 2026)
Source: GBM Market Strats (Jonas Schmitten)
Premium of a 4% OTM USDCHF Binary Call
Source: GBM Market Strats (Jonas Schmitten)
Decay on a 6mnth 10% USDCHF Binary Call (blue line) + EURUSD Binary Put…
-> Green dotted Vertical line -> US Mid-terms
-> Red dotted Vertical Line -> Point at which EURUSD structure loses 50% of value (spot + vol unch) ->
13.5 weeks
-> Blue dotted Vertical Line -> Point at which USDCHF structure loses 50% of value (spot + vol unch) ->
16.5 weeks
iii) QQQ Lower vs US 10y Yields Higher -> Equities/Tech down vs Yields up the pain Scenario…
h/t Sean Gelbwaks
Buy a Dec-26 Dual Binary
QQQ < 95%
10ySOFR > FCMS+0.25%
9% USD
Individuals: 23% QQQ / 29% 10ySOFR


[Page 13]
Max loss = Premium paid
Buy a Mar-27 Tri-Binary
QQQ < 90%
10ySOFR > FCMS+0.25%
COK7 >120%
5% USD
Individuals: 19% QQQ / 34% 10ySOFR / 20% COK7
Max loss = Premium paid
Sean Gelbwaks (Managing Director, USD IRP Sales): “it’s easy to forget the risks that exist - The global
bond market sell off of the past couple weeks illustrates that, with positioning offsides and oil remaining
the core driver day to day. Carry has remained well subscribed and Funds are struggling to hold onto
returns. From here, I’d say the pain scenario is equities down / yields up. This can come from multiple
fronts:
i) Extended timeline in the Middle East and a sustained move higher in energy
ii) Expectation for growing capex numbers and resulting issuance starting early next year
iii) AI/Tech remaining the most popular risk asset position (albeit net/gross having come down)
iv) Slowing pace in model development and regulatory concerns for AI
Both rate vol and equity index vol have both remained muted, even as yields have settled into a much
higher range.
S&P 500 3mnth Option-Implied Volatility
Source: Marquee MarketView
1y10y Rate Vols in BPD
Source: GBM
iv) Buy 1-3mnth Brent Crude Calls -> Receding Implieds making Topside in Brent attractive again as a
Geo-political Hedge….
Tom Evans (Head of EMEA Institutional Commods Sales): “For upside exposure, we think 1-3m tenor
outright calls are the best expression given implied vol is now significantly off the highs (see chart
below).”
Dec26 Brent (Expiry = 27th Oct) $125 Call
$1.10/bbl
Or


[Page 14]
Dec26 Brent (Expiry = 27th Oct) $125/150 Call Spread
$0.80/bbl cost
Max loss = Premium paid
Ref = $99.9/bbl.
Brent ATM implied vol -> Significantly off the Highs
Source: GS GMD a/o 31Jul26. Past performance is not indicative of future returns.
Thoughts welcome*


[Page 15]


[Page 16]


[Page 17]


[Page 18]


[Page 19]


[Page 20]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
