[Page 1]
 
 
1 
Follow us on: 
Linkedin: 
HSBC Asset Management
 
Website: 
assetmanagement.hsbc.com
 
Fed loses patience
 
Investment 
Event | 17 September 2026
 
  
Protecting credibility
 
Under its new Chair
, Kevin Warsh, t he Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) 
voted unanimously to 
hike the funds rate by
 25bp at its September meeting. While this 
move was widely expected in the 
days running up to the decision, 
it was far from certain only a week or two ago. The rise in the oil 
price and an uncomfortable, albeit not terrible, August core CPI print were the
 swing factors . 
We see th e hike as being driven in large part by the Federal Reserve’s (Fed) desire to bolster it
s 
inflation fighting credibility , following five -plus years of above
-target inflation (Figure 1) and a renewed 
energy price shock
. A backdrop of resilien t growth, a low unemployment rate and tentative signs of a 
pickup in employment growt
h allows the Fed to focus on upside inflation risks
.   
Reduced guidance
 
In line with Fed Chair Warsh’s dislike of forward guidance
, the statement gave very little away
 about 
the decision or the outlook
. In his press conference
, he referenced the strength of the economy and 
noted “ the plain fact that inflation i
s too high and has been for too lon
g” as reasons for the hike.
 
Aside from emphasis ing that the Fed will deliver price stability
, Chair Warsh did not give any view on 
how policy will evolve going forward. For now, however, 
the FOMC continues to provide 
economic 
projections , which give us some sense of how the broad
er Committee sees the outlook. 
 
The projections show the FOMC has become slightly more optimistic on growth since June but 
also 
see s core inflation moderating a little more gradually. Taken together, this led to an upward revision to 
the policy path (Figure 2). The “dot plot” 
of individual member’s projections 
shows 12 of the 18 FOMC 
members (Chair Warsh does not submit forecasts) 
expect one further hike following September’s 
move . F our members see two further hikes and only two members see no further tightening in 2026. 
For 2027, a large majority of members see the funds rate settling in the 4.00
-4.50% range. 
Figure 2: FOMC median economic projections
 
 
2026 
2027 
2028 
Longer run* 
GDP (% yoy) 
2.3 
2.4 
2.2 
2.0 
June 2026 Fed projection 
2.2 
2.3 
2.2 
2.0 
Unemployment rate (%) 
4.1 
4.1 
4.1 
4.2 
June 2026 Fed projection 
4.3 
4.3 
4.2 
4.2 
Core PCE inflation (%) 
3.4 
2.5 
2.2 
2.0 
June 2026 Fed projection 
3.3 
2.5 
2.1 
2.0 
Fed funds rate (%) 
4.1 
4.1 
3.9 
3.2 
June 2026 Fed projection 
3.8 
3.6 
3.4 
3.1 
Source: US Federal Reserve, figures refer to Q4 * Longer run figure is headline PCE inflation rather than core PCE 
Ultimately, the Fed is trying to set policy in a tricky environment
: 
• 
Growth is robust but unbalanced 
– the so -called “K -shaped” economy, where AI
-related 
investment is booming and wealthier consumers with exposure to the stock market are driving 
spending, but other parts of the economy are less dynamic.
 
  
The Fed delivered a 25bp 
rate hike aimed at 
managing upside inflation 
risks 
The FOMC projections 
show a large majority of 
members see the funds 
rate settling in the 4.00
-
4.50% range in 2027 
  
The mix of the AI boom 
and supply side shocks 
mean interest rates are 
set to be higher
-for -longer 
10 -year UST yields around 
5% are a ‘return to 
normal’ and can provide 
investors with income. 
But portfolio resilience 
will require ‘diversifying 
the diversifiers’
 
In stock markets, we are 
positioned for broadening 
out given 
more attractive 
valuations outside the US
  
This commentary 
provides a high level
 overview of the recent economic environment. It is for marketing purposes and does 
not constitute investment research, investment advice nor a recommendation to any reader of this content to buy or sell 
investments. It has not been prepared in accordance 
with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of 
investment research and is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of its dissemination
. Any forecast, projection or 
target where provided is indicative only and is not guaranteed in any way. HSBC Asset Management accepts no liability for 
any failure to meet such forecast, 
projection, or target. Past performance does not predict future returns.
 This information 
shouldn't be considered as a recommendation to buy or sell specific investments mentioned.
 Index returns assume 
reinvestment of all distributions and do not reflect fees or expenses. You cannot invest directly in an index.
 Past performance 
does not predict future returns.
 Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against loss.
 
Marketing Communication
. For 
Professional Client
s and Institutional 
Investor s Use Only . 
Figure 1: Measure s of underlying US inflation
 
Source: Macrobond, HSBC AM as of 
16 September 2026 
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
Jan-14
Jan-16
Jan-18
Jan-20
Jan-22
Jan-24
Jan-26
Core PCE
Dallas Fed trimmed mean PCE
Core CPI
% yoy
2% target


[Page 2]
 
2 
• 
The labour market is solid but still in a “low hire, low fire” equilibrium that is generating subdued 
wage growth . 
• 
The economy faces geopolitically driven supply shocks that are pushing up inflation.
 
Ignoring persistently above
-target inflation is no longer an option. But equally, the unbalanced nature 
of growth, combined with potential for supply
-driven inflation to squeeze real incomes and profits of 
weaker consumers and businesses, means policy tigh
tening could have unintended negative 
consequences. Two
-to-three rate hikes (including September’s move)
 therefore, appears to be a 
sensible middle ground that allows the Fed to manage upside inflation risks while limiting the chances 
of precipitating a downturn.
 It is also worth keeping in mind that core PCE, the Fed’s preferred 
measure of underlying inflation may be overstating the extent of the upside risk to inflation 
– other 
measures are closer to the Fed’s 2% target (Figure 1). 
 
The market is somewhat more hawkish; it is currently pricing a further three 25bp hikes (four including 
the September increase). We view this as likely to be the limit for tightening before it starts to 
undermine growth and risk assets 
– a total of 100bp o f rate hikes would leave the funds rate around 
150bp above the Fed’s estimate of its longer
-run, or neutral level.  
Investment implications
 
What has become clear is that we are living in an economic regime of ‘a shock and a boom’. The 
system is pulled between the good news of the AI investment boom and the bad news of geopolitical 
shocks. That creates a spikier and higher profile for inflation
, and it means that interest rates are set to 
be higher -for-longer. 
The good news is that bond markets have rapidly adjusted to this new world. US 
10-year government 
bond yields around 5% are not extreme by historic standards
 (Figure 3) , but pricing does reflect a 
‘return to normal’. Treasuries can provide investors with income, even if they are no longer reliable 
portfolio hedges. But to build portfolio resilience, investors will need to ‘diversify the diversifiers’. That 
means, combine public and private credits, emerging markets, and alternative asset classes, to secure 
differentiated sources of return across the portfolio.
 
In stock markets, we are positioned for a market broadening out. We recognise the stellar profitability 
of US companies, but an awful lot of good news is priced into market valuations after fifteen years of 
US exceptionalism. Even as the Fed hikes, the dol
lar remains under pressure, and we think dollar 
depreciation has further to run. That opens up
 an opportunity for neglected markets in Europe, Asia, 
and across the Global South to perform; buttressed by profits momentum and a constructive global 
growth backdrop. 
However, in a complicated economy of supply and demand shocks, it’s vital for investors to stay 
active in asset allocations. As the facts change, we will adapt portfolios accordingly.  
 
The views expressed above were held at the time of preparation and are subject to change without notice. Any forecast, projec
tion or target where provided is indicative 
only and is not guaranteed in any way. HSBC Asset Management accepts no liability for a
ny failure to meet such forecast, projection or target.
 This information shouldn’t 
be considered as an investment advice.
 The value of investments and any income from them can go
 down as well as up and investors may not get back the
 amount originally 
invested. Index returns assume reinvestment of all distributions and do not reflect fees or expenses. You cannot invest directly in an 
inde x. Past performance does not 
predict future returns. Diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against loss.
 
 
Figure 3: US T yield s have normalised
 
 
Source: Macrobond , HSBC AM as of
 16 September 2026 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
10-year
30-year
US Treasury yields (%)


[Page 3]
 
 
3
PUBLIC 
Important Information
 
 
For Professional Clients and intermediaries within countries and territories set out below; and for Institutional Investors a
nd Financial 
Advisors in the US. This document should not be distributed to or relied upon by Retail clients/investors.
 
The value of investments and the income from them can go down as well as up and investors may not get back the amount origina
lly 
invested. The performance figures contained in this document relate to past performance, which should not be seen as an indic
at ion 
of future returns. Future returns will depend, inter alia, on market conditions, investment manager’s skill, risk level and f
ees. Where 
overseas investments are held the rate of currency exchange may cause the value of such investments to go down as we
ll as up. 
Investments in emerging markets are by their nature higher risk and potentially more volatile than those inherent in some est
ablished 
markets. Economies in emerging markets generally are heavily dependent upon international trade and, accordingly
, have been and 
may continue to be affected adversely by trade barriers, exchange controls, managed adjustments in relative currency values a
nd 
other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated by the countries and territories with which they trade. These
 economies also 
have been and may continue to be affected adversely by economic conditions in the countries and territories in which they tra
de.  
The contents of this document may not be reproduced or further distributed to any person or entity, whether in whole or in pa
rt, for any purpose. All 
non-authorised reproduction or use of this document will be the responsibility of the user and may lead to
 legal proceedings. The material contained 
in this document is for general information purposes only and does not constitute advice or a recommendation to buy or sell i
nvestments. Some of 
the statements contained in this document may be considered forward 
looking statements which provide current expectations or forecasts of future 
events. Such forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and involve risks and uncertaintie
s. Actual results may 
differ materially from those des
cribed in such forward
-looking statements 
as a result of various factors. We do not undertake any obligation to update 
the forward -looking statements contained herein, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the for
ward -looking 
statements. This document has no contractua
l value and is not by any means intended as a solicitation, nor a recommendation for the purchase or 
sale of any financial instrument in any jurisdiction in which such an offer is not lawful. The views and opinions expressed h
erein are those of HSBC 
Asset Management at the time of preparation and are subject to change at any time. These views may not necessarily indicate current
 portfolios' 
composition. Individual portfolios managed by HSBC Asset Management primarily reflect individual clients' objectives, 
risk preferences, time horizon, 
and market liquidity. Foreign and emerging markets: investments in foreign markets involve risks such as currency rate fluctu
ations, potential 
differences in accounting and taxation policies, as well as possible political, e
conomic, and market risks. These risks are heightened for investments 
in emerging markets which are also subject to greater illiquidity and volatility than developed foreign markets. This comment
ary is for information 
purposes only. It is a marketing commu
nication and does not constitute investment advice or a recommendation to any reader of this content to buy 
or sell investments nor should it be regarded as investment research. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal requi
rements designed to 
promote the independence of investment research and is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of its dissemination. Thi
s document is not 
contractually binding nor are we required to provide this to you by any legislative provision.
 
All data from HSBC Asset Management unless otherwise specified. Any third
-party information has been obtained from sources we believe to be 
reliable, but which we have not independently verified.
 
HSBC Asset Management is the brand name for the asset management business of HSBC Group, which includes the investment activi
ties that may 
be provided through our local regulated entities. HSBC Asset Management is a group of companies in many countries and
 territories throughout the 
world that are engaged in investment advisory and fund management activities, which are ultimately owned by HSBC Holdings Plc
. (HSBC Group). 
 
• 
In Australia, this document is issued by HSBC Bank Australia Limited ABN 48 006 434 162, AFSL 232595, for HSBC Global Asset 
Management (Hong Kong) Limited ARBN 132 834 149 and HSBC Global Asset Management (UK) Limited ARBN 633 929 718. This 
document is for institutional investors only and is not available for distribution to retail clients (as defined under the Corporations Act).
 
HSBC Global Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited and HSBC Global Asset Management (UK) Limited are exempt from the requiremen
t 
to hold an Australian financial services license under the Corporations Act in respect of the financial services they provide. H
SBC Global 
Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited is regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong under the Hong 
Kong laws, 
which differ from Australian laws. HSBC Global Asset Management (UK) Limited is regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
of the 
United Kingdom and, for the avoidance of doubt, includes the Financial Services Authority of the United Kingdom a
s it was previously 
known before 1 April 2013, under the laws of the United Kingdom, which differ from Australian laws;
 
• 
In Bermuda, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Bermuda) Limited, of 37 Front Street, Hamilton, Bermuda 
which 
is licensed to conduct investment business by the Bermuda Monetary Authority;
 
• 
In France, Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, Portugal, Greece, Finland, Norway, Denmark, Spain and Sweden this document is is
sued by 
HSBC Global Asset Management (France), a Portfolio Management Company authorised by the French regulatory authority AMF (no
. 
GP99026); 
• 
In Germany, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Deutschland) GmbH which is regulated by BaFin (German 
clients) respective by the Austrian Financial Market Supervision FMA (Austrian clients);
 
• 
In Hong Kong, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited, which is regulated by the Securiti
es and 
Futures Commission. This content has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission;
 
• 
In India, this document is issued by HSBC Asset Management (India) Pvt Ltd. which is regulated by the Securities and Exchange
 Board of 
India; 
• 
In Italy, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (France), a Portfolio Management Company authorised by the 
French 
regulatory authority AMF (no. GP99026), through its Italian branch, regulated by Banca d’Italia and Commissione Nazionale pe
r le Società e 
la Borsa (Consob);
 
• 
In Japan, this document is issued by HSBC Asset Management (Japan) Ltd (JRN 3010001124868), regulated by the Financial Servic
es 
Agency; 
• 
In Malta, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Malta) Limited which is regulated and licensed to conduct 
Investment Services by the Malta Financial Services Authority under the Investment Services Act;
 


[Page 4]
 
 
4 
PUBLIC 
• 
In Mexico, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Mexico), SA de CV, Sociedad Operadora de Fondos de Invers
ión, 
Grupo Financiero HSBC which is regulated by Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores;
 
• 
In the United Arab Emirates, this document is issued by HSBC Investment Funds (Luxembourg) S.A. 
– Dubai Branch (Level 20, HSBC 
Tower, PO Box 66, Downtown Dubai, United Arab Emirates) regulated by the Capital Market Authority (CMA) in the UAE to conduct
 
investment fund management, portfolios management, fund administration activities (CMA Category 2 license No.20200000336) and 
promotion activities (CMA Category 5 license No.20200000327).
 
• 
In the United Arab Emirates, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management MENA, a unit within HSBC Bank Middle Eas
t 
Limited, U.A.E Branch, PO Box 66 Dubai, UAE, regulated by the Central Bank of the U.A.E. and the Capital Market Authority in 
the UAE 
under CMA license number 602004 for the purpose of this promotion and lead regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authorit
y. HSBC 
Bank Middle East Limited is a member of the HSBC Group and HSBC Global Asset Management MENA are marketing the relevant
 product 
only in a sub -distributing capacity on a principal
-to-principal basis. HSBC Global Asset Management MENA may not be licensed under the 
laws of the recipient’s country of residence and therefore may not be subject to supervision of the local regula
tor in the recipient’s country 
of residence. One of more of the products and services of the manufacturer may not have been approved by or registered with t
he local 
regulator and the assets may be booked outside of the recipient’s country of residence.
 
 
• 
In Singapore, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Singapore) Limited, which is regulated by the Monetary
 
Authority of Singapore. The content in the document/video has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore;
 
• 
In Switzerland, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Switzerland) AG. This document is intended for profe
ssional 
investor use only. For opting in and opting out according to FinSA
, please refer to our website; if you wish to change your client 
categorization, please inform us. HSBC Global Asset Management (Switzerland) AG having its registered office at Gartenstrasse
 26, PO 
Box, CH -8002 Zurich has a licence
 as an asset manager of collective investment schemes and as a representative of foreign collective 
investment schemes. Disputes regarding legal claims between the Client and HSBC Global Asset Management (Switzerland) AG can 
be 
settled by an ombudsman in m
ediation proceedings. HSBC Global Asset Management (Switzerland) AG is affiliated to the ombudsman 
FINOS having its registered address at Talstrasse
 20, 8001 Zurich. There are general risks associated with financial instruments, please 
refer to the Swiss Banking Association (“SBA”) Brochure “Risks Involved in Trading in Financial Instruments”;
 
• 
In Taiwan, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited which is regulated by the Financial Super
visory 
Commission R.O.C. (Taiwan);
 
• 
In Turkiye, this document is issued by HSBC Asset Management A.S. Turkiye (AMTU) which is regulated by Capital Markets Board 
of 
Turkiye . Any information here is not intended to distribute in any jurisdiction where AMTU does not have a right to. Any views here 
should 
not be perceived as investment advice, product/service offer and/or promise of income. Information given here might not be s
uitable for all 
investors and investors should be giving their own independent decisions.
 The investment information, comments and advice given herein 
are not part of investment advice activity. Investment advice services are provided by authorized institutions to persons and
 entities 
privately by considering their risk and return preferences, 
whereas the comments and advice included herein are of a general nature. 
Therefore, they may not fit your financial situation and risk and return preferences. For this reason, making an investment d
ecision only by 
relying on the information given herein ma
y not give rise to results that fit your expectations.
 
• 
In the UK, this document is issued by HSBC Global Asset Management (UK) Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Fin
ancial 
Conduct Authority; 
• 
In the US, this document is issued by HSBC Securities (USA) Inc., an HSBC broker dealer registered in the US with the Securit
ies and 
Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. is also a member of NYSE/FINRA/SI
PC. 
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. is not authorized by or registered with any other non
-US regulatory authority. The contents of this document 
are confidential and may not be reproduced or further distributed to any person or entity, whether in whole or in pa
rt, for any purpose 
without prior written permission. 
 
• 
In Chile, operations by HSBC's headquarters or other offices of this bank located abroad are not subject to Chilean inspectio
ns or 
regulations and are not covered by warranty of the Chilean state. Obtain information about the state guarantee to deposits at
 your bank or 
on www.cmfchile.cl; 
 
• 
In Colombia, HSBC Bank USA NA has an authorized representative by the Superintendencia
 Financiera de Colombia (SFC) whereby its 
activities conform to the General Legal Financial System. SFC has not reviewed the information provided to the investor. This
 document is 
for the exclusive use of institutional investors in Colombia and is not for 
public distribution; 
• 
In Costa Rica, the Fund and any other products or services referenced in this document are not registered with the Superinten
dencia 
General de Valores (“SUGEVAL”) and no regulator or government authority has reviewed this document, or the merits of the prod
ucts and 
services referenced herein. This document is directed at and intended for institutional investors only.
 
 
• 
In Peru, HSBC Bank USA NA has an authorized representative by the Superintendencia de Banca y Seguros in Perú whereby its act
ivities 
conform to the General Legal Financial System 
- Law No. 26702. Funds have not been registered before the Superintendencia
 del Mercado 
de Valores (SMV) and are being placed by means of a private offer. SMV has not reviewed the information provided to the inves
tor. This 
document is for the exclusive use of institutional investors in Perú and is not for public distribution;
 
• 
In Uruguay, operations by HSBC's headquarters or other offices of this bank located abroad are not subject to Uruguayan inspe
ctions or 
regulations and are not covered by warranty of the Uruguayan state. Further information may be obtained about the state g
uarantee to 
deposits at your bank or on www.bcu.gub.uy.
 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
5 
PUBLIC 
Copyright © HSBC Global Asset Management Limited 2026. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, st
ored in a retrieval 
system, or transmitted, on any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherw
ise, without the prior written 
permission of HSBC Asset Management.
 
 
Content ID: D078267 ; Expiry Date: 03. 17.202 7 
 
