[Page 1]
M
 Global Idea
Sunday Start | What's Next in Global Macro
A Fed in Motion
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Seth B Carpenter
Chief Global Economist
 Seth.Carpenter@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0370 
Michael T Gapen
Chief US Economist
 Michael.Gapen@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0571 
The Federal Reserve raised its policy rate by 25bp this week. The market had priced 
that move and more, so what matters now is less what happened, but why it 
happened … and what happens next vis-à-vis inflation and the reaction function. We 
had spent much of the year arguing that the Fed was likely to remain on hold 
because inflation was moving in the right direction, and we had assumed Chair 
Warsh preferred not to raise interest rates, if possible. 
The inflation story is the clearer of the two. The six-month trend in inflation, the 
metric Chair Warsh referenced at Jackson Hole and again at the September press 
conference, is falling. The problem for the FOMC clearly is that it is not falling fast 
enough. The renewed surge in energy prices is an additional complication. We had 
assumed a benign path for oil prices, but supply disruptions and a revived risk 
premium have changed the picture. With too-slow disinflation and clear upside risks 
for energy, the FOMC had had enough. 
But the reaction function narrative appears less clear-cut. Policy is decided by FOMC 
vote, and while the Chair has substantial sway, a new Chair cannot overhaul the 
process. In public comments before his appointment, Warsh made it clear that he 
thinks inflation is running above target because of the Fed balance sheet, not 
interest rates. The FOMC’s conventional interest rate tool has clearly won out for 
now as the Committee takes its decision. 
The June dot plot already showed a meaningful number of participants leaning 
toward further tightening, with three dissents in favor of a hike in July. Regardless of 
who became Chair, a significant bloc within the committee remained uncomfortable 
declaring victory over inflation prematurely. The September hike should therefore 
be viewed not only as Warsh’s decision, but also as a reflection of where much of 
the committee already stood.
We do think investors should be careful not to over-interpret the dots. The median 
participant now expects only one additional hike, with an option for a second. We 
think the dot plot is best read as signaling direction rather than an explicit forecast: 
the Fed is willing to tighten further if inflation does not improve sufficiently. And 
now, more than ever, the distinction between voters and non-voters matters, so it 
could well be that a majority of those who will vote next year will want to take 
rates higher. 
Looking forward, then, one question is whether the September hike marks the 
beginning of a regime shift or a correction within the current framework. We think it 
is latter. The statement said that the move was intended to get inflation to return to 
target in “timelier” fashion. Inflation is moving in the right direction, they just want 
the pace to be a bit faster. This is not a declaration that policy had been 
fundamentally wrong but a change of degree.
For important disclosures, refer to the Disclosure Section, 
located at the end of this report.
September 20, 2026 06:15 AM GMT
 
 


[Page 2]
M
 Global Idea
2
So more hiking is likely, but perhaps less than what markets are pricing. Which 
brings us back to the key question: How does Chair Warsh intend to deliver price 
stability? He has been clearer about the balance sheet driving inflation than other 
aspects of policy, yet the balance sheet was absent from September’s press 
conference. That tension reinforces the likelihood that the market is looking for 
more rate hikes than this Fed may deliver. After his taskforces deliver their work, it 
may be that balance sheet reforms potentially reduce the need for aggressive rate 
increases.
We now know that the Fed has grown more concerned about inflation and is willing 
to act. But to us, this shift looks less like a new tightening regime than a 
recalibration to keep the disinflation process on track. Market discourse often refers 
to unwinding the so-called insurance cuts of last year, and that view may not be 
wrong. The economy can absorb these hikes. If the disinflation we expect continues, 
the degree of policy restraint that the Fed seeks will become clearer, and seems 
likely to be at the lower end of market expectations. 
Enjoy your Sunday.
Send Us Feedback
What I'm Reading This Week
US Economics Weekly: Goodbye disinflation, hello oil risk premium (18 Sep 2026)
US Economics and Fixed Income Strategy: September FOMC Reaction: Further hikes 
ahead (17 Sep 2026)
Podcast | Global Economics and Fixed Income Strategy: Beyond Rates: Reforming the 
Fed’s Balance Sheet (18 Sep 2026)
BoJ Watch & Macro Strategy: September MPM Review: A Shift in the Policy Phase (18 
Sep 2026)
What We Are Watching This Week
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22
Taiwan Export Orders: Taiwan's exports orders will continue to see strong 
growth at 64%Y in August. 
Euro Area Consumer Confidence: We expect a decline in consumer 
confidence in September, at –16.0 from –15.5, reflecting the sharp increase 
of energy prices. 
Hungary NBH Base Rate: We now expect the NBH to remain on hold at the 
upcoming core meeting, versus our previous expectation of a 25bp rate cut. 
Further ahead, we continue to expect the NBH to normalise monetary policy 
gradually at core meetings only, with the next possible rate cut most likely in 
December.


[Page 3]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
3
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23
Indonesia BI Monetary Policy Meeting: Against a backdrop of currency 
stability, we expect BI to keep policy rates on hold.
Euro Area PMI: We expect euro area composite PMI to be stable in 
September at 52.0. Encouraging structural developments could have pushed 
PMIs a touch higher, but the recent surge of energy prices is likely to weigh 
on confidence. 
UK PMI: Similar to our euro area colleagues, we think new orders data, other 
surveys, and recent momentum could all result in another (modest) pick-up 
in headline PMIs. However, we would assume corporate sentiment might 
have softened a touch in September on financial market volatility and higher 
commodity prices. We model a very modest drop in headline PMIs. 
South Africa SARB Monetary Policy Meeting: We now look for a 25bp 
increase from the SARB at next week’s MPC meeting. In the context of what 
Governor Kganyago has described as a multiplicity of shocks, we think the 
balance of risks now favours another 25bp insurance increase. The objective 
would be to contain the risk that a sequence of supply shocks delays 
convergence to 3% and begins to influence expectations and price-setting 
behaviour. Oil prices are the catalyst for this, and their renewed rise over the 
past few weeks is likely to drive a material upward revision to the SARB’s 
near-term headline CPI profile.
US S&P Manufacturing PMI: From the September regional manufacturing 
surveys released so far, we have seen resilient demand, continued growth in 
manufacturing labor demand, and longer delivery times. Both prices received 
and prices paid accelerated sharply, reflecting rising energy prices and 
increased inflationary pressures. We expect similar trends in the S&P 
manufacturing PMI. We are currently tracking the September ISM 
manufacturing PMI at 54.4, down slightly from 54.6 in August.
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 24
Australia Labor Market Data: We expect a modest rebound in employment 
in August, with jobs growth of 15k following July's 15.8k decline. We expect 
participation rate easing a touch to 66.8%. The unemployment rate should 
edge higher to 4.47%. More broadly, forward-looking indicators continue to 
point to a gradual cooling in labour demand. We will be watching hours 
worked and broader spare capacity measures for signs that labour market 
conditions are deteriorating more quickly than expected.
Sweden Riksbank Rates Decision: We expect the Riksbank to remain on 
hold but increase the probability of a rate move in 4Q26 and to include a 
possibility of a second rate hike in 1H27.
Norway Norges Bank Rates Decision: We expect the Norges Bank to deliver 
a 25bp rate hike, in line with the guidance from June MPR. We foresee that 
the revised policy rate path will keep an optionality to increase policy rates 
further but at a low probability (as in June MPR at 5bp).
Egypt CBE Monetary Policy Meeting: We expect the CBE to keep its 


[Page 4]
M
 Global Idea
4
benchmark rate unchanged at 19.0% at its September 24 meeting and 
through year-end.
Mexico Banxico Monetary Policy Meeting: We expect Banxico to keep the 
policy rate unchanged at 6.50% amid two-sided constraints as contained 
inflation and economic slack argue against a hike while the Fed’s tightening 
limits room to cut
US Jobless Claims: New and continuing claims have fallen in recent weeks, 
suggesting slower layoffs and faster re-employment. We project a slight rise 
in new claims, to a still-low level. New claims in NY, NJ, MI, and MO had 
particularly steep declines last week, to below trend levels, and we expect 
they partially reverse.
US Current Account Deficit: A larger deficit in goods in 2Q widens the 
current account deficit.
US New Home Sales: New home sales declined 10.5% m/m in July, a similar 
decline to that of single-family starts before yesterday's upward revision. We 
expect July new home sales to be revised up as well, to 670k in July. In 
August, starts rose while permits fell, and the UMich current conditions for 
buying houses fell further. We expect a slight m/m decline from that revised 
level, -1.5% m/m, to 660k.
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25
Brazil IPCA 15: We expect IPCA-15 at 0.52% m-o-m, driven by payback from 
electricity discounts and rebound in food inflation.
US Durable Goods: Faster prices continue to push up nominal orders for 
capital goods and durable goods, and the pace appeared to be steady or re-
accelerating in recent months. For August durables orders, we expect a drag 
from aircraft orders holds back the headline, but that orders ex 
transportation with show the effects of both the rise in prices and ongoing 
real increase. Core capital goods and shipments also probably continue their 
rapid rise. Orders remain above shipments; broadening in investment 
demand appears to be pushing orders higher.
US University of Michigan: 5-year inflation expectations had been reversing 
their 2025 tariff run-up until the start of the conflict in the Middle East. 
From tariff-related highs of 4.4% in April 2025, they fell to 3.2% at the end 
of last year. However, they rose in 2Q to average 3.6%, and the preliminary 
reading for September was barely below that at 3.4%. The overall consumer 
sentiment index fell about 4 points in the preliminary estimate for 
September to a level that, at 47.8, was barely below the all-time low of 44.8 
reached in May.


[Page 5]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
5
Disclosure Section
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared or are disseminated by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. and/or Morgan Stanley México, 
Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and/or Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and/or Morgan Stanley Europe S.E. and/or RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited and/or Morgan Stanley MUFG 
Securities Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Asia Limited and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) 
and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its 
contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and/or Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited and/or Morgan Stanley 
& Co International plc, Seoul Branch, and/or Morgan Stanley Australia Limited (A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility 
for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license No. 240813, which accepts responsibility 
for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000001105), Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI 
Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 
39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: 
tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com which accepts the responsibility 
for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research, and their affiliates (collectively, "Morgan Stanley"). Morgan 
Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts.
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research 
Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA.
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718 754-5444 (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000.  Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA.
Global Research Conflict Management Policy
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br
Important Disclosures
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
company's securities/instruments.
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel.
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
Such information is for your reference only.  The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions.  Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
(including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments.  MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only.
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 
Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 


[Page 6]
M
 Global Idea
6
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
(Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118J); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. 
All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Germany and the European Economic Area where required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised 
and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its 
contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, 
disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”); (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan 
Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by 
FirstRand Limited. Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Canada Inc., members of the Canadian 
Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital Market Authority in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only.
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P.
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley.
Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 
defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
upon request from your sales representative.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
(the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA.
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations.
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
all the related documents carefully before investing.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley
