[Page 1]
OR Peters - wknd notes 20 Sep 2026
Eric Peters  ·  One River Asset Management  ·  Chief Investment Officer
Sun 20 Sep 2026, 6:31am ET
Hope all goes well… “Our class of 40 were called into a room,” said Liv, from Cyber Warfare School,
having just learned where she’ll be stationed for 5 years. “Flashed our names on a screen, and we’d stand
up and state our first preference,” she continued. “The first of us stood up and said, ‘2nd Lieutenant so and
so – first choice Colorado,’ and the Major running the session said, you’re going to Germany,’” Liv said,
laughing, kind of. “The next guy, “2nd Lieutenant so and so - Hawaii,’ and the Major said, Kansas.” On it
went. First choice Washington DC, you’re going to Louisiana. Washington State, South Korea. “No one
got their first choice. But we’re all in this together, we’re tight. The whole thing was fun in a sick way. It’s
what we signed up for.”
*Overall:* “Economic activity is expanding at a solid pace. While uncertainty remains elevated - owing,
in part, to geopolitical developments - domestic spending has been resilient. Productivity growth is strong,
and capital investment is robust. Job gains have kept pace with the workforce, and the unemployment rate
has changed little,” said Kevin Warsh to the reporters, describing an economy that should be the envy of
the world in any age, let alone one as tumultuous as ours. “The American economy appears to be
strengthening. New hiring, private-sector earnings, business capital investment - each of these markers has
improved in recent months and is pointing in a good direction. Credit flows have been robust, particularly
for businesses,” continued the Fed Chairman. “And as I said at the policy symposium in Jackson Hole, I
would be hard-pressed to describe broad financial conditions as restrictive. This view was widely shared
by the Committee,” he said. “So, we removed a dose of accommodation.” There are 343 million people in
the US. 87 million homeowner households. 3.25 million firms with 5 or more employees. 19,491
municipal governments. 20 major industry sectors. One federal government. And America’s central bank
must determine a single overnight interest rate for them all. There’s obviously no way to do it without
maintaining rates too low for some and too high for others. Rates are too low for hyperscalers and too high
for first time homebuyers. Rates are too low for producers of strategically vital minerals and too high for
private equity managers who optimized the economy and left it over-exposed to our adversaries. Rates are
too low for weapons makers and too high for a military that has depleted its stockpiles. And now that
America has decided to reverse decades of unchecked globalization - rebuilding its economic resiliency to
restore its sovereignty - demand for capital will remain robust, no matter the rate.
*Fourth:* “Why did yields rise since the last FOMC meeting until this?” asked Chairman Warsh,
rhetorically, in response to a reporter’s question. “I’ll say three things, first is economic strength. Part of
the reason why we’ve seen over the course of 2026, long-term yields go up is the economy is
strengthened,” he said. “Second reason, competition for capital. The surge in capital expenditures, is real,
and the so-called hyperscalers are out in the market raising funding, and so the competition for capital is
real and I think it partly explains the increase in yields.”


[Page 2]
*Fourth II:* “The third, is geopolitics,” said Warsh. “The situation hot spots around the world are driving
long-term yields. It’s not simply spot prices of energy, or spot process for corn or soybeans or wheat, but
it’s the difference between those spot prices and so-called crack spreads.” Ukraine’s growing attack on
Russian refining capacity, and congestion in the Strait continue to push up prices. “What that means for
products that find their way into stores across the country. I think those are the three leading explanations,
but certainly not an exclusive list.”
*Fourth III:* The Fed Chairman could have easily included the fourth reason, which is that America’s
government has lost the ability to materially control its chronic deficit spending without sparking a severe
recession, which would in turn lift the deficit from 6% of GDP to 13% or more. But he didn’t. He knows
every bond vigilante in the world already knows these things. They’ve known them for decades. But like
many of life’s problems that stem from a lack of discipline and integrity, they can seem to matter little
until they really matter, all at once.
*Fourth IV:* The three reasons Warsh gave are either long-term positives for America’s deficits and debts,
or they are potentially transitory. Sustained economic strength is utterly vital for our ability to shoulder
existing debts onto which we will surely add more. The demand for capital from our hyperscalers should
ultimately lead to substantially higher levels of productivity, which will increase growth, tax revenues,
national security, general prosperity, and our ability to service debt. And our wars will surely someday
end, boosting energy supplies, reducing prices.
*Fourth V:* Warsh’s first three reasons explain why 10yr yields are already 5% and 30yrs are 5.33%.
Bond vigilantes know only the fourth reason will lift yields sharply from here. The question they must
answer is whether the time is now. And to make their calculus more complex, Bessent is buying bonds to
push yields lower. If the time has come for the world to lose faith in America’s creditworthiness, then
nothing Bessent does will reduce long-term bond yields. But if our wars end and if productivity rises
further, his buying will devastate the vigilantes yet again.
*Anecdote:* “Rolled into some little town in in the middle of nowhere Arizona,” said SEAL. “Something
broke in my engine, and I pushed my truck the last twenty feet into the Ford dealer.” I had asked SEAL for
a few good stories. “Told the mechanics I had to get to Maryland for a wedding in three days.” Ford’s
service waiting list was five days. “I basically begged. They said leave it overnight, they’d look at it. I
wasn’t going to push it anywhere, so I said, ‘Sure, but I got some gear in the back and if it goes missing,
they’re kicking me out of the military.’” The boys in the shop asked to see my gear. They called the head
mechanic over, and he posted a guard on the truck, the new kid. The head mechanic told SEAL to get a
bite, relax. They’d see what they could do. “I try to not pull out the military card, makes me feel like a
douche, but it was unavoidable, there was no way I was leaving that gear alone.” SEAL told me all sorts of
stories at the wedding. The gritty tales you kind of expect, but you hang on every word, images of what
these great Americans do grab you by the throat. This story was different from the rest. “They called me
back. There was no replacement part in a 400-mile radius. So, they took the part out of a new car in the
showroom. They figured out how to slip it under warranty. Changed my oil. Cost me nothing. Thanked me
for my service. Sent me off,” he said. “You hear all the things wrong with this country, social media, news,
people all divided. But none of our adversaries have what we have here. Not a single one. We got


[Page 3]
something real special, it’s our fabric.” The best of us. “I got into my truck to go but stopped. I went into
the back and pulled my knife out. A few other things that mean something. Handed them to the boys.
That’s when they figured out I’m a SEAL. Blew their minds.” Off he drove. “I’m gonna miss that knife,
been through a lot with it. But for four hours, I just couldn’t stop smiling.”
Source: Eric Peters, One River Asset Management, wknd notes.
