[Page 1]
GS Pasquariello - markets / macro 21 Sep 2026
Tony Pasquariello  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Mon 21 Sep 2026, 12:55am UTC (Sun 20 Sep 2026, 8:55pm ET)
I haven’t had a particularly strong directional bias of late, while thinking the path would be a tricky
September / October, followed by a strong November / December.
when working on this note, I ended up in the same general place, but with a bit more conviction that the
balance of risk favors the bulls.
here’s one way to frame it: a lot has been thrown at the US equity market over the past few months ... yet,
once again, it has rolled with the punches ... and S&P is less than 2% away from taking out the highs.
what follows from here is a set of thoughts from the weekend reading that led to those views:
1. Kevin Warsh and the FOMC did what they needed to do. on the follow: the back end settled in, inflation
breakevens tightened, equity volatility compressed and long duration stocks outperformed. so, here’s the
pattern of fact: hopes of a one-and-done tightening cycle were vanquished this week, but in response,
financial conditions actually got easier.
2. for the avoidance of doubt, any tightening cycle needs to be taken seriously, particularly when certain
rate-sensitive parts of the economy are really struggling (e.g. housing, the low end consumer). in addition,
as a student of market history, I typically don’t believe in fighting the Fed. with that said, the bond market
has already done a lot of work, which the stock market is well aware of -- in that specific interplay, the
setup today is better than it was just one month ago.
3. I admit to wrestling with that last paragraph. when working through it, this argument from Dom Wilson
on the podcast carried some weight: “at four [hikes] priced, if you ask me ... more likely two, or more
likely six ... I'm going to tell you much more likely two. so, we've put in real premium against a proper
cycle, and the skew of risks is that [the Fed] underdelivers, which is the house view.” we hit this point on
the very front end of the conversation: linked note.
4. I’ll register one more item on today’s setup. as a general observation -- particularly with regard to
trading community -- price drives sentiment. now consider this: S&P is tracking for a fourth straight year
of double digit returns ... market breadth has improved ... certain popular parts of the market have had an
excellent year (e.g. SOX +68%) ... yet, several off-the-shelf measures of investor sentiment are
unequivocally downbeat (e.g. AAII bulls-vs-bears, CNN fear / greed or the GS sentiment indicator).
5. I’m not saying that the past three months have been easy -- if anything, the yards have been particularly
hard beneath the hood of the index. rather, the point I’m trying to make is this: within a secular trend that’s
been remarkably good for stock operators, the levered community is notably wary right now, and
positioned accordingly (for example, net exposure across our full PB book measures in the 34th percentile
of the past year).


[Page 2]
6. for the sake of balance, we should spend a minute on the challenges to US equities. I’ll start with the
biggest inconvenient truth: energy prices continue to rise as inventories continue to fall, and time is still
the enemy. in turn, this pressure has contributed to the melt higher in global bond yields. while the stock
market moved on from the SoH nearly six months ago, Iran is an ongoing headwind -- and one that carries
with it some open tail risks.
7. given that around 70% of US GDP is comprised by consumption -- and given that the fiscal impulse has
waned following tax return season -- one needs to also seriously consider the deleterious compounding
effects of higher commodities and higher interest rates. in plain English: if a tank of gas costs $4.50 ... and
if a 30-year mortgage is priced at 7% ... the risk is US households become increasingly infuriated.
8. so, depending on how one plies their craft, I’d argue the last two paragraphs have direct implication for
portfolio construction: core length in equities should be married with trading length in commodities (the
indices continue to do their job) and options on higher rates (even though the curve has flattened, I worry
most about the back end). as ever, ideas / structures are available.
9. to sum things up at this stage of the note: the footing through the election will likely remain tricky, but I
expect that S&P will be higher at year-end than it is today. bigger picture, the primary trend in US equities
remains higher -- and the same can be said of both interest rates and commodities.
10. I’ll bolt on a few more short points for the road:
i. superb earnings growth is set to decelerate, but not collapse. that’s the punchline of our forecast for S&P
over the next few years: linked note.
ii. Fed hikes will slow the rally, not kill the rally. that’s the punchline of our latest take on gold, which
retains a price target of $5,400 by the end of next year: linked note.
iii. with the preface that I missed the note when it was published, consider this line from our US banks
team, emphasis mine (linked note): “the growth in both financing requirements and market capitalization
of AI infrastructure companies has played a central role in recent IB revenue growth ... we estimate that ~
50-55% of the growth in combined M&A, ECM and DCM volumes and fees has been driven by AI-
related transactions so far this year.”
iv. this week marked 18 years since Lehman declared bankruptcy. I went back and looked at my notes
(which was not all that much fun). in the doing, here’s one bit that stuck out ... a reminder that S&P
actually finished HIGHER that week:
last week brought outlier events from both sides of the distribution. it was a rampage that saw liquid assets
move to generational extremes: the 1,000 point range in the Dow, the 100bps move in 2yr yields, the $100
move in gold. at times it looked like the most fundamental assets -- the funding markets -- would literally
cease to function. ironically, the punch line to these war stories may be how by week's end many assets
had finished basically unchanged. last week was reminiscent of crises past, a reminder that the tails are
always fat -- often times fatter than the generation before -- where a crisis of confidence spares none.


[Page 3]
v. one chart for the road. AI security was as big a topic as any at our recent TMT conference. in that
context, witness recent price action in the GS cyber security basket .... which is up nearly 200% since the
birth of ChatGPT ... and has more than doubled off the April lows alone:
source for all data: Bloomberg as of 20Sep26. past performance is not indicative of future results. all
references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
