[Page 1]
 
 
1 
14th September 2026 
USD strengthens ahead of FOMC 
meeting but gains modest so far 
14th September 2026 
 
USD: Fed hike is expected now but US dollar strength has been modest so far  
The US dollar has strengthened modestly at the start of this week encouraged by 
building expectations that the Fed will begin tightening monetary policy this week. It 
has helped to lift the dollar index back above support form the 200-day moving average 
at around 99.150. The US dollar has been boosted by the hawkish repricing at the 
short-end of the US yield curve triggered by stronger US inflation data last week. The 
2-year US Treasury yield jumped higher by around 26bps last week as market 
participants moved to price in a more active Fed tightening cycle in response to upside 
inflation risks. After the stronger US inflation data, the Fed is expected to begin their 
tightening cycle as soon as this week. There are currently 22bps of hikes priced in for 
this week’s FOMC meeting compared to around 15bps a week ago. Over the same 
period the dollar index has strengthened by just 0.3% highlighting that the positive 
impact on the US dollar from the hawkish repricing of Fed rate hike expectations has 
been surprisingly limited so far.  
Market expectations for a Fed hike this week were reinforced at the end of last week 
by the release of the US CPI report for August. The report revealed that core inflation  
MUTED USD RESPONSE TO RECENT MOVE HIGHER IN US YIELDS    
Source: Bloomberg, Macrobond, MUFG Research 
FX Daily Snapshot 
LEE HARDMAN 
Senior Currency Analyst 
Global Markets Research 
Global Markets Division for EMEA 
T: +44 (0)20 7577 1968 
E: lee.hardman@uk.mufg.jp 
Research Portal:  
Global Markets Research - MUFG 
Research 
MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
A member of MUFG, a global financial group 


[Page 2]
 
 
2 
14th September 2026 
picked up by 0.3%M/M in August which will add to concerns over the lack of disinflation 
progress towards their 2.0% target. Fed Chair Kevin Warsh indicated clearly in his 
Jackson Hole speech that they would need to tighten policy if they judged that 
underlying inflation was not continuing to slow back towards target with sufficient pace. 
Since the US-Iran conflict began in February, core inflation has increased by an 
annualized rate of 2.6% which compares to an annualized rate of 3.0% over the 
previous six-month period, and the annual rate of 2.8% in August. Kevin Warsh had 
already voiced concern over the lack of progress prior to upside surprise in August. As 
a result, the August report could be used as justification to begin tightening policy at 
this week’s meeting. The breakdown of the August CPI report revealed that core 
services were the main driver behind the pick-up in inflation contributing 0.29ppts while 
core goods added only 0.03ppts. The biggest contributor to core services inflation was 
the “wireless” category in telephone services which jumped by 5.5%M/M adding 
0.1ppts to core inflation. It reflects recent price plan changes by AT&T and T mobile.          
While it is not a done deal that the Fed will begin hiking rates this week, it would be big 
surprise for the Fed to leave rates on hold after recent communication. A decision to 
leave rates on hold would also threaten to undermine the Fed’s policy credibility amidst 
building concerns over upside inflation risks from rising energy prices. The price of 
Brent is currently trading at just over 50% higher than pre-conflict levels, and there is 
little optimism that energy supplies from the Middle East will normalize quickly. The 
announcement late on Friday from Saudi Arabia that it halted their East-West pipeline 
as precaution after attacks highlights that supplies could be disrupted further in the 
near-term. It is not yet clear how long the pipeline will remain closed. The East-West 
pipeline has proved to be a critical lifeline for Saudi Arabia’s oil exports. The 7 millon 
barrel/day conduit quickly reached full capacity earlier this year after the Strait of 
Hormuz effectively closed. If the Fed does not take action this week to address upside 
inflation risks, it could trigger a sharp sell-off for the US dollar and long-term US 
Treasuries by undermining confidence in their willingness to get on top of inflation. It 
could be one reason why US dollar gains have only been limited so far on the back of 
the hawkish repricing of Fed rate hike expectations. Market participants could be 
waiting for confirmation of policy action to open up further gains for the US dollar.           
US dollar strength in the near-term could also be curtailed by the close proximity of the 
US mid-term elections. Even if the Fed begin to hike rates today, they maybe reluctant 
to deliver a back-to-back hike at the next meeting on 28th October which comes just 
before the mid-term elections on 3rd November. The next hike may then not be 
delivered until 9th December. Such a gradual pace of tightening may not be sufficient 
to trigger a much stronger US dollar heading into year end. At a time when other major 
central banks are planning to hike rates further as well. After last week’s policy meeting, 
we now expect the ECB (click here) to deliver two more hikes in response to higher 
energy prices taking their policy rate into mildly restrictive territory. It is helping to 
prevent yield spreads from moving more sharply in favour of a stronger dollar. 
However, over time a bigger energy price shock and higher US yields for longer should 
be supportive for a stronger US dollar especially if the recent resilience of global growth 
starts to fade. Please see our latest FX Weekly for more details (click here).   
KEY RELEASES AND EVENTS 
Country 
BST 
Indicator/Event 
Period 
Consensus 
Previous 
Mkt 
Moving 
EU 
10:15 
ECB's Schnabel Speaks 
- 
- 
- 
!! 
CA 
13:30 
CPI (YoY) 
(Aug) 
- 
3.0% 
!!! 
EU 
16:15 
ECB President Lagarde Speaks 
- 
- 
- 
!! 
 Source: Bloomberg & Investing.com 


[Page 3]
 
 
3 
14th September 2026 
CERTIFICATION 
The author(s) mentioned on the cover of this report hereby certify(ies) (or, where multiple authors are responsible, individually certify with respect to each security that 
the author covers in this report) that the views expressed in this report accurately reflect their personal views about the subject company(ies) and its (their) securities, 
and also certify(ies) that they have not been, are not, and will not be receiving direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing any specific 
recommendation(s) or view(s) in this report.  
 
This report has been prepared by the Global Markets Research, US Rates and Credit Strategy desks within MUFG Bank, Ltd. (“MUBK”), MUFG Securities EMEA plc 
(“MUSE”) and MUFG Securities Americas Inc (“MUSA”) and may be distributed to you either by MUBK, MUSE or MUSA or by another subsidiary of the Mitsubishi 
UFJ Financial Group (“MUFG”).  
 
LEGAL ENTITIES AND BRANCHES 
The securities related businesses within MUFG (together referred to in this material as “MUFG Securities”) are:  
(1) 
MUFG Securities EMEA plc (“MUSE”), a limited liability company, registered in England (No:1698498) with its registered office at Ropemaker Place, 25 
Ropemaker Street, London, EC2Y 9AJ. MUSE is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA (FS Registration Number 124512). In the USA, MUSE is a registered Swap Dealer (“SD”) with the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (“CFTC”) and a member of the National Futures Association (“NFA”). MUSE is also a registered Security-Based Swap Dealer (“SBSD”) with the Securities 
Exchange Commission (“SEC”). MUSE has a branch office (“MUSE Dubai Branch”) that is registered at Level 3, East Wing, The Gate, Dubai International Financial 
Centre, PO Box 506894, Dubai, UAE. MUSE Dubai Branch is authorised to operate in the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) as a Non-DIFC Entity 
(Commercial License Number CL1656) and is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (Reference Number F002623);  
(2) 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. (“MUS(EU)), a public limited company, registered in the Netherlands (chamber of commerce number 71213376) with its 
registered office at World Trade Center, Tower Two, level 5, Strawinskylaan 1887, 1077 XX  Amsterdam. MUS(EU) is authorized by the European Central Bank and 
regulated by De Nederlandsche Bank (“DNB”) and also regulated by the Authoriteit Financiële Markten (“AFM”). MUS(EU) has a branch office (MUSE(EU) Paris 
Branch) registered in France (chamber of commerce number 844285999) with its registered office at 18 rue du Quatre-Septembre, 75002 Paris. MUS(EU) Paris 
Branch is regulated in France by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ("ACPR") and the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF");  
(3) 
MUFG Securities Americas Inc. (“MUSA”) which is registered in the United States with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and regulated by 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”) (SEC# 8-43026; CRD# 19685); 
(4) 
MUFG Securities (Canada), Ltd. (“MUS(CAN)”) is an investment dealer registered in Canada with the Ontario Securities Commission (“OSC”) and in each 
province and territory of Canada, a member of the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization (“CIRO”) (NRD# 54270), and a member of the Canadian Investor 
Protection Fund (“CIPF”). Customers’ accounts are protected by CIPF within the specified limits;  
(5) 
MUFG Securities Asia Limited (“MUS(ASIA)”) which is incorporated in Hong Kong, licensed under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance and 
regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (Central Entity Number AAA889). MUS(ASIA) is registered as a foreign company under the 
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (ARBN 169 329 453); and  
(6) 
MUFG Securities Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (“MUS(ASIA Singapore)”) has a capital markets services licence under the Securities and Futures Act in 
Singapore.  
(7) 
MUFG Securities (India) Private Limited (“MUS(INDIA)”) is a registered intermediary under the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Merchant Bankers) 
Regulations, 1992 having registration number INM000013305. 
In respect of the financial services provided to wholesale clients in Australia, MUS(ASIA), MUSE and MUSA are each exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian 
financial services licence under the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia under the Australian Securities and Investments Commission Class Order Exemption CO 
03/1099, CO 03/1103, CO 03/1100, and CO 03/1102, respectively. Each of MUS(ASIA), MUSE, MUSA, are regulated under the laws of Hong Kong, the United 
Kingdom and the United States respectively, which differ from Australian laws. 
 
The banking related businesses within MUFG (together referred to in this material as “MUFG Bank”) are:  
 
(1) 
MUFG Bank Ltd (“MUBK”), is a limited liability stock company incorporated in Japan and registered in the Tokyo Legal Affairs Bureau (company no. 0100-01-
008846). MUBK’s head office is at 1-4-5 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-Ku, Tokyo, Japan. MUBK is authorised and regulated by the Japanese Financial Services Agency. 
MUBK is registered as a foreign company under the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (ARBN 103 418 882) and is authorised by the Australian Prudential Regulation 
Authority to carry on banking business in Australia under the Banking Act 1959 of Australia. MUBK is also a registered Swap Dealer with the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission and a member of the National Futures Association.  
(2) 
MUBK’s London branch is at Ropemaker Place, 25 Ropemaker Street, London EC2Y 9AN, and is registered as a UK establishment in the UK register of 
companies (registered no. BR002013). MUBK’s London branch is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and subject to regulation by the UK 
Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and limited regulation by the PRA.  
(3) 
MUFG Bank (Europe) N.V. (“MUFG N.V.”) is a company with limited liability (naamloze vennootschap) incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and 
registered with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 33132501, with its head office at Strawinskylaan 1887, 1077XX Amsterdam, the Netherlands. MUFG 
N.V. is authorized and regulated by the Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank) (www.dnb.nl) and the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit 
Financiële Markten) (www.afm.nl) (jointly the “Dutch Authorised Regulators”). MUFG Bank (Europe) N.V. Germany Branch (“MUFG Germany”) is the German Branch 
of MUFG N.V. with its registered office at Breite Strasse 34, 40213 Düsseldorf, Germany, registered with the commercial register (Handelsregister) of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Düsseldorf under no. HRB 82502, and is authorised to provide banking services in Germany under the freedom of establishment in the European 
Union. Part of its activities are - in addition to the Dutch Authorised Regulators – supervised by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority for Germany, “BaFin” 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) (www.bafin.de) and Deutsche Bundesbank (www.bundesbank.de). 
(4) 
MUFG Bank’s DIFC branch, is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) (License number: F000470) and has its registered address at Level 
3, East Wing, the Gate, Dubai International Financial Centre, Dubai, P.O. Box 506614, United Arab Emirates. 
(5) 
MUFG Bank’s QFC branch is authorised by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) (Licence number: 00103) and has its registered address 
at Suite A3, Mezzanine Floor, Tornado Tower, West Bay, Doha, Qatar. 
(6) 
MUFG Bank’s Riyadh branch is regulated by the Saudi Central Bank and has its registered address at 13th Floor, East Wing Al Nakhlah Tower, King Fahd 
Road, As Sahafah Dist, Riyadh 13315, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
(7) 
MUBK’s Canada branch (MUFG Bank, Ltd., Canada Branch (“MUBK Canada Branch”) principal office is located at 200 Bay Street, Suite 1800, Toronto, 
Ontario, M5J 2J1, Canada. MUFG Bank’s Canada branch is an authorized foreign bank branch permitted to carry on business in Canada pursuant to the Bank Act 
(Canada); Deposits with MUFG Bank Canada are not insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation.  
(8) 
MUBK’s Hong Kong branch is a licensed bank by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and registered with the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong 
Kong to carry out Type 1 and Type 4 regulated activities in Hong Kong. 


[Page 4]
 
 
4 
14th September 2026 
(9) 
MUBK’s Singapore branch is licensed as a bank by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the Banking Act of Singapore, an exempted capital markets 
service entity and an exempt financial adviser under the Securities and Futures Act and Financial Advisers Act of Singapore respectively.  
(10) 
MUBK’s Auckland Branch is authorised by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand to carry on banking business in New Zealand under the Banking (Prudential 
Supervision) Act 1989 of New Zealand.   
 
GENERAL DISCLAIMERS  
This report is for information purposes only and should not be construed as investment research (as defined under regulatory rules of the United Kingdom and the 
European Economic Area) or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any security, commodity, futures contract or related derivative (hereafter “instrument”) or to 
participate in any trading strategy. This report does not constitute a personal recommendation and does not take into account the individual financial circumstances, 
needs or objectives of the recipients. Recipients should therefore seek their own financial, legal, tax or other advice before deciding to invest in any of the instruments 
mentioned in this report. 
Certain information contained in this report has been obtained or derived from third party sources and such information is believed to be correct and reliable but has 
not been independently verified. MUBK and MUFG Securities do not make any guarantee, representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, as to the 
fairness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, adequacy or appropriateness of any information or comments contained in this report. Furthermore, the information may 
not be current due to, among other things, changes in the financial markets or economic environment. MUBK and MUFG Securities has no obligation to update any 
such information contained in this report. 
The information contained in this report may contain forward-looking information (“FLI”). FLI is information regarding possible events, conditions, or results of operations 
that is based on assumptions about future economic conditions and courses of action and may be presented as either a forecast or a projection. This report is not 
intended to forecast or predict future events. Past performance is not a guarantee or indication of future results. Upon receipt of this report, each recipient acknowledges 
and agrees that any FLI included herein should not be relied upon as a material consideration for any investment decisions taken by the recipient. Recipients should 
consult their own legal and financial advisers for additional information. Any prices provided herein (other than those identified as being historical) are indicative only 
and do not represent firm quotes as to either price or size. 
This report is proprietary to MUBK and MUFG Securities and may not be quoted, circulated or otherwise referred to without our prior written consent. Notwithstanding 
this, MUBK and MUFG Securities shall not be liable in any manner whatsoever for any consequences or loss (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or 
consequential loss, loss of profits and damages) arising from any reliance on or usage of this report and accepts no legal responsibility to any investor who directly or 
indirectly receives this material. 
 
MUBK covers banking business and is responsible for the publication of related research reports. MUFG Securities covers the securities business and is responsible 
for the publication of securities related research reports. References to “MUBK” shall be interpreted as a reference only for all matters related to bank products and 
references to “MUFG Securities” shall be interpreted as a reference only for all matters related to securities products.  
MUBK and/or its directors, officers and employees, from time to time, may have interest and/or underwriting commitment in the relevant securities mentioned herein 
or related instruments and/or may have a position or holding in such securities or related instruments as a result of engaging in such transactions. Furthermore, MUBK 
may have, or have had a relationship with or may provide or have provided corporate finance or other services to any company mentioned herein. 
 
COUNTRY AND REGION SPECIFIC DISCLAIMERS 
This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or is located in any locality, state, country or 
other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to any law, regulation or rule. Each entity and branch within MUFG is subject 
to distinct regulatory requirements and certain products and services discussed in this document may not be available in all jurisdictions or to all client types. In this 
regard, please note the following jurisdictional specific disclaimers. 
 
Europe Middle East and Africa (EMEA): 
• 
United Kingdom (UK) and the European Economic Area (EEA): This report is only intended for a professional client or eligible counterparty and must not be 
passed onto a retail client, as defined under UK and EEA regulatory rules. It does not constitute investment research as those producing this report are not a research 
function and therefore this material has not been prepared under conditions designed to promote the independence of investment research including, but not limited 
to, the prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment research. Under the Market Abuse Regulation (“MAR”) this report is a marketing communication 
which may amount to, or include, an investment recommendation and where so there are no plans to update the investment recommendation. Any prices mentioned 
in the investment recommendation were prices known by us when the recommendation was prepared. Further UK and EEA disclaimers, disclosures policies and 
notices can be found at  https://www.mufgemea.com/governance/legal-and-regulatory/, including the Fixed Income and Currency Products Dealing Disclosures, the 
Conflicts of Interest Summary Policy and MAR investment recommendation disclosures . 
 
• 
United Arab Emirates (UAE): This report is only intended for distribution to a professional client or market counterparty as those terms are defined under the 
rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority and only a person meeting the criteria for these terms should act upon this report. 
 
• 
Qatar: This report is only intended for distribution to a Business Customer or Eligible counterparty as those terms are defined under the rules of the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and only a person meeting the criteria for these terms should act upon this report. 
 
• 
South Africa: MUSE is permitted to offer and provide financial services to certain categories of sophisticated clients in South Africa under an exemption issued 
by the South African Financial Sector Conduct Authority, in terms of the Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
 
 
The Americas (AMER): 
• 
United States of America: This report, when distributed by MUSA, is intended for Institutional Investors (“Institutional Accounts” as defined by FINRA Rule 
4512(c)). When distributed by a non-US affiliate of MUSA, this report is intended for distribution solely to “major U.S. institutional investors” or “U.S. institutional 
investors” pursuant to Rule 15a-6 under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Securities referenced in this report may have been underwritten by 
MUSA and/or its affiliates. Nothing in this report should be considered an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities or any other financial product or a 
commitment of any kind with respect to any transaction. 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
5 
14th September 2026 
IRS Circular 230 Disclosure: MUFG Securities does not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters included herein (including any attachments) 
is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone not affiliated with MUSA of any 
of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 
 
In relation to activities undertaken by MUSE in their capacity 
of a SD or SBSD, further disclosures and 
notices can be found 
at 
https://www.mufgemea.com/governance/legal-and-regulatory/. 
 
• 
Canada: MUSE operates under an International Dealer Exemption and Foreign Derivatives Dealer Exemption from registration within the provinces of Alberta, 
British Columbia, Manitoba, Ontario and Québec. MUSA operates under an International Dealer Exemption from registration with the securities regulators in all 
Canadian Provinces and Territories. When distributed by MUSE or MUSA, this report is only intended for a “permitted client” as that term is defined under the National 
Instrument 31-103 in Canada and is not intended for re-distribution to any other person. When distributed by MUS(CAN), this report is only intended for an “institutional 
client” as that term in defined under the CIRO dealer member rules and is not intended for re-distribution to any other person. The information contained herein is not, 
and under no circumstances is to be construed as, a prospectus, an advertisement, a public offering, an offer to sell securities described herein, or solicitation of an 
offer to buy securities described herein, in Canada or any province or territory thereof. Under no circumstance is the information contained herein to be construed as 
investment advice in any province or territory of Canada and is not tailored to the needs of the recipient. 
 
Asia-Pacific (APAC): 
• 
Hong Kong: Reports produced by MUFG Securities are only intended for distribution to a “professional investor” as that term is defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and should not be passed onto any other person. All enquiries from recipients of this report in Hong Kong must be directed to your usual sales 
contact in Hong Kong. 
 
• 
Singapore: This report is only intended for distribution to an "institutional investor", "accredited investor" or "expert investor" as those terms are defined under 
regulation 2 of the Financial Advisers Regulation. It is solely for the use of such investors and shall not be distributed, forwarded, passed on or disseminated to any 
other person. Investors should note that, as a result of exemptions that apply when this report is distributed to "accredited investors" and "expert investors", MUBK’s 
Singapore branch and MUS(ASIA) Singapore is exempt from complying with certain requirements under the Financial Advisers Act, including section 34 of the Financial 
Advisers Act (which requires a financial adviser to disclose all material information on certain investment products), section 36 (which requires a financial adviser to 
have a reasonable basis for making recommendations on investments) and section 45 (which requires a financial adviser to disclose any interests that it holds in 
securities that it recommends). Please contact your respective financial advisor in Singapore in relation to any matters arising from this report. 
 
• 
India: (i) MUS(INDIA) does not provide any advice/ recommendation to the prospective investors; (ii) the issuer is solely responsible for the completeness and 
accuracy of all information in the memorandum or otherwise provided to investors in connection with the debentures issued; (iii) MUS(INDIA) does not make any 
representations or warranties on the creditworthiness of the issuer of the securities, the information provided in the memorandum, or on the adequacy/ sufficiency and 
legal validity of the legal documentation or structure; (iv) investors must obtain independent advice in connection with the investment; and (v) MUS(INDIA) does not 
owe any duty of care to investors and expressly disclaims all liability.  
 
• 
Japan: This Note, when distributed by MUFG Securities affiliates located outside of Japan, is intended for distribution in accordance with Article 58-2 of the 
Financial Instruments Exchange Act 1948 (“FIEA”) i) to a “Financial Instruments Business Operator” engaged in “Securities-Related Business” as defined in the FIEA 
or ii) to the government, the Bank of Japan, a qualified financial institution defined in Article 209 of the Cabinet Office Ordinance Concerning Financial Instruments 
Business, Etc., or an Investment Manager. 
When distributed by Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. (“MUMSS”), this Note is intended for distribution to a “Professional Investor (tokutei-toushika)” 
as defined in the FIEA. 
 
• 
Australia: This Note is only intended for distribution to persons in Australia who are sophisticated or professional investors for the purposes of section 708 of 
the Corporations Act 2001, and are wholesale clients for the purposes of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. This Note is not intended to be distributed or 
passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons in Australia. This Note is for informational purposes only, it does not make any recommendations and 
should not be relied upon for any investment purposes. For information on how we collect, use, store and secure personal information, please review our Privacy 
Policy. MUBK and MUFG Securities have established policies and procedures to identify and manage conflicts of interest to uphold the values of integrity, responsibility, 
accountability and trust, and to treat clients fairly.  MUBK and MUFG Securities have put in place the following arrangements to prevent conflicts of interest: information 
barriers to prevent the unnecessary exchange or misuse of confidential information; segregated deal teams to manage competing interests in a transaction; defined 
procedures for dealing with conflicts of interest, including procedures on crossing information barriers; reasonable steps by Compliance to ensure that information 
barrier arrangements remain effective and are effectively monitored. 
 
• 
New Zealand: This Note is only intended for distribution to persons in New Zealand who are wholesale clients as defined in clause 4 of Schedule 5 of the 
Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013, or are wholesale investors as defined in clauses 3(2) and 3, and clauses 36(b) of Schedule 1 of the Financial Markets Conduct 
Act 2013. This Note is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons in New Zealand. For information on how we 
collect, use, store and secure personal information, please review our Privacy Policy. 
 
• 
Thailand: In Thailand, MUSE has a derivatives dealer registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Thailand 
 
 
 
