[Page 1]
Article | 14 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  14 September 2026
  COMMODITIES DAILY
The Commodities Feed: Oil stronger on
Saudi pipeline shutdown
Oil prices are trading stronger this morning as Saudi Arabia’s East-West
pipeline shutdown, coming on the heels of last week’s attacks,
exacerbates supply concerns
Energy - Middle distillate cracks hit record highs
Following last week's developments, it’s not surprising that oil prices are trading higher this
morning, with ICE Brent up around 3%. This follows a step-up in attacks on Saudi Arabian
energy infrastructure, including targeting the crucial East-West pipeline, a vital bypass route
for Saudi oil exports during disruptions through the Strait of Hormuz. The Saudis have shut
down the 7m b/d pipeline. It’s unclear how severe any potential damage is, or how long it will
be out of action. Clearly, the recent escalation poses risks to our forecast, pushing us closer to
our more pessimistic scenario. For now, we’re sticking with our base case of Brent averaging
$80/bbl in 4Q26. The situation is fluid as we continue to see sizeable volumes of oil still moving
through the Strait of Hormuz.
Meanwhile, a meeting between Gulf states, scheduled for today, was postponed due to a lack
of consensus. Foreign ministers from the Gulf states, including Iran, were set to meet in Oman
to discuss managing the Strait of Hormuz. The delay pushes any prospect of de‑escalation
even further out of reach.


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 14 September 2026
2
In its monthly oil market report on Friday, the IEA made additional aggressive cuts to its
demand forecasts for this year, given ongoing disruptions in the Middle East. It now forecasts
global oil demand to fall by 2.5m b/d YoY this year, 940k b/d more than its previous forecast.
For 2027, the agency expects demand to recover, growing by 2.6m b/d YoY. Despite more
aggressive cuts to its forecast, the IEA estimates that global observed oil inventories fell by
95m barrels in August. This takes cumulative draws since February to 507m barrels, or 2.8m
b/d.
The latest positioning data shows that speculators increased their net long by 4,318 lots over
the last reporting week to 265,753 lots. It was driven almost entirely by short covering, rather
than fresh longs entering. This reflects market participants' reluctance to take on too much risk
amid market uncertainty.
Middle distillate markets continue to scream tightness. The ICE gasoil crack is trading at fresh
record highs of around $84/bbl this morning; US diesel cracks have broken above $110/bbl.
Strength in the middle distillate market prompted President Trump to pressure Ukraine to stop
targeting Russia's refinery infrastructure. The growing scale and intensity of Ukrainian attacks
on Russian refineries this year have pushed Moscow to ban diesel exports. This has only
tightened global markets, following Persian Gulf disruptions. The ban, extended twice since
taking effect in July, is set to expire at the end of September. But clearly, there is the potential
for further extensions.
Agriculture – USDA lowers corn ending stock estimates
The USDA’s latest WASDE trims 2026/27 US corn ending stocks by 86m bushels to 1.57 bn,
driven by weaker production and lower beginning inventories. This is still above the market
expectation of 1.51bn bushels. The agency lowered its 2026/27 US corn production forecast by
213m bushels to 15.8bn bushels amid lower yields. Globally, the USDA cut its 2026/27 corn
ending stocks estimate by 2.6mt to 272.1mt, broadly in line with market expectations. World
corn production was also revised down by 7.9mt to 1,291mt. The decline was driven mainly by
lower crop forecasts for India, Kenya, and Russia.
The USDA increased its 2026/27 US soybean production forecast to 4,535m bushels from
4,519m bushels, reflecting a modest increase in harvested acreage. The revised estimate
exceeded market expectations. Despite the larger crop, US ending stocks were lowered by 10m
bushels to 310m bushels due to stronger export demand. Export forecasts were raised by 25m
bushels to 1,685m bushels. Meanwhile, for the global balance, there was little change, with
2027/27 ending stocks cut to 124mt from 124.2mt previously
Lastly, the USDA kept its domestic wheat ending stocks estimates for 2026/27 unchanged at
717m bushels. It also left production and demand estimates unchanged at 1,531m bushels
and 1,099m bushels, respectively. For the global market, the USDA increased its 2026/27 global
inventory estimates from 273.3mt to 276.3mt, with higher ending stocks for Russia, Australia


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 14 September 2026
3
and Ukraine. Disruptions to Black Sea exports will result in inventory builds in both Russia and
Ukraine. Meanwhile, the agency raised its global production estimate to 822.4mt from
819.3mt, driven by increased supplies from Australia (+3mt), Canada (+1mt), and Ukraine
(+0.6mt).
Author
Warren Patterson
Head of Commodities Strategy
Warren.Patterson@asia.ing.com
Ewa Manthey
Commodities Strategist
ewa.manthey@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
