[Page 1]
10 September 2026
US Emerging Internet
US Emerging Internet: The Agentic Commerce bear case is back --
and creating opportunities
Nikhil Devnani, CFA
+1 917 344 8425
nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
Nathan Gee
+1 917 344 8573
nathan.gee@bernsteinsg.com
Ajeya Patil, CFA
+1 917 344 8467
ajeya.patil@bernsteinsg.com
Over the long weekend, our X feed was equal parts Cybercab launch and Instinct (private)
— the new consumer AI start-up taking Silicon Valley by storm. Then came META’s Muse
(covered by Mark Shmulik), which looks to further democratize an Agentic Commerce
experience for consumers — user-friendly UX with no set-up required and plenty of tokens
to play around with and get tasks done. It seems quite plausible now that we will get further
agentic product launches from the other frontier labs in response. We don’t see this narrative
letting up yet, which presents a headwind to consumer Internet multiples (once again).
However, there is still a long way to go on scaling adoption and changing the user acquisition
and engagement funnel. In other words, actually impacting fundamentals. For now, this is all
narrative and a lot of the implications/talking points are theoretical. We’re buyers of the
weakness, most notably in DASH, CART, and UBER that have lagged.
Agentic Commerce picks up steam. The consumer Agentic bear case has come in
waves. Initially there was the expectation that ChatGPT and Gemini integrations would
disintermediate the incumbents. Along the way, OpenClaw grew in popularity and sparked
the imagination for ‘what could be’ for always-on agents. Claude Cowork enabled Dispatch,
the ability to prompt tasks via text. Gemini has also enabled task automation for Android
users and xAI launched Grok Bot. Consumer Internet stocks de-rated sharply to start the
year, tracking down almost -20% when we wrote our rebuttal to the bear case in April. And
now, as Astra, Instinct, and Muse have come to market, and Apple looks to revamp Siri with
AI capabilities, the debate is front and center again. The ‘always on’ consumer Agent is
becoming more accessible. Our basket of Internet marketplaces is down -7% in the last two
days with multiples back in question — despite sound fundamentals.
Who owns the customer? The bear case is disintermediation. The US Internet landscape
has been divided into fiefdoms — distinct, scaled aggregators across online entertainment,
eCommerce, travel, transportation, food, housing etc. The possibility of a centralized,
horizontal agent that can handle the full spectrum of tasks across these end-markets is a
paradigm shift in how we search and transact. And if discovery starts off platform, does that
eat into the value proposition of the aggregators and their underlying take rates?
Theoretical end-states vs. reality. Shoot first and ask questions later. This time is no
different. However, given how early we are on the consumer Agentic journey, much of the
discussion is theoretical. Consumer behavior is hard to change. These consumer Agents
appear to be relying on direct integration that you as a user have to enable (which many
may be hesitant to do if it involves sensitive information, even with the built-in safeguards)
or navigating websites built for humans (which can be a slow and clunky experience,
hence UCP). While not a perfect proxy, observed referral traffic from AI chatbots to the top
eCommerce marketplaces remains <1% of total traffic — despite the perceived value of AI
search & discovery from early adopters and widespread uptake of apps like ChatGPT and
Gemini. Granted, a task-oriented Agent should be more useful, but the onus is on these new
offerings to pull customers away from their learned behaviors — the average consumer that
may not know what an Agent is, not the tech-forward early adopter. We think this will all take
a while to play out, creating a buying opportunity in names like DASH, CART, and UBER.
See the Disclosure Appendix of this report for required disclosures, analyst certifications and other
important information. Alternatively, visit our  Global Research Disclosure Website.
www.bernsteinresearch.com
First Published: 10 Sep 2026 05:08 UTC  Completion Date: 10 Sep 2026 05:08 UTC


[Page 2]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
A framework for marketplace moats. As we have written about previously, our
framework for assessing marketplace moats includes: (1) uniqueness of supply; (2) degree
of consideration and friction in the shopping experience; (3) transaction complexity; (4)
competitive dynamics of the end-market; (5) customer loyalty; and (6) take rate levels.
Regardless, for all of this to matter, we would need to see user uptake scale significantly
across these use cases. We will have to continue to watch for hard evidence of this.
We think rideshare and delivery names will prove to be more resilient. UBER is a
highly managed marketplace on the supply-side with liquidity advantages. Switching costs
between UBER/LYFT are already low — will delegating search to an agent significantly
change/improve upon that? In Delivery, we can appreciate how the friction around basket-
building (particularly grocery) makes an Agentic solution additive. However, even here:
(1) selection wins and DASH/Uber Eats have an advantage in restaurant delivery and
CART in grocery; (2) real-time logistics is complex and hard to replicate at scale making
these marketplaces critical to fulfilling orders regardless of where the order originates; (3)
discovery feeds matter; and (4) subscription bundles drive much of the value for consumers
via reduced fees and other perks, so it’s not clear to us that price shopping becomes the
de facto behavior for the average purchase. CART is more exposed to onsite advertising
risk if the top-of-funnel shifts away, with UBER and DASH not as reliant on advertising for
profitability today. Grocery is also a more competitive end-market. But again we need to
see a marked shift in consumer behavior — and we think it’s a mistake to assume the onsite
experience on CART, DASH, and UBER will not also get better.
Traditional eCommerce feels more open-ended. We think traditional eCommerce
could be more addressable considering retail at large is more fragmented — and more
competition means more room for comparisons and price shopping across the board,
which AI can help with. But the impact remains to be seen. Wayfair deals in a highly visual
and emotive category, where SKUs and merchandise are not identical, and logistics part of
its competitive edge. Market structure would be our primary concern here if adoption and
usage around eCommerce scales — with 7% market share, there are other places to shop
for furniture. EBAY and ETSY are asset-light marketplaces, which could make them more
susceptible considering product discovery is the core value proposition — though EBAY
can lean on unique inventory even across listings for the same product (~40% of GMV pre-
owned and refurbished) and authentication efforts to retain direct engagement.
Clash of the Agents. The clock is ticking on the incumbents to revamp their onsite
search experiences to keep pace with consumer expectations. This is happening already
— see Ask DoorDash, Clementine from Instacart, and Uber’s Cart Assistant to name a
few. Over the next 12 months we will likely get a clearer sense for whether consumers
are leaning into their generalized horizontal agents or vertical-specific offerings. At face
value, a singular horizontal agent certainly sounds more compelling and the frontier labs
certainly have advantages around pushing capabilities forward. However, at the same time,
marketplaces can leverage their existing data sets, direct merchant relationships, broad
category context, and buyer trust to offer higher quality experiences, particularly as LLM
model capabilities commoditize. And without strong integrations, will horizontal agents be
as effective/efficient for consumers looking to transact? Over the long-run, if eCommerce
ultimately trends towards agent-to-agent interactions, it helps that we could have multiple
horizontal agents in the race to win the consumer. From here, the bull case for the Internet
marketplaces, which hasn’t happened yet, is that we soon get measurable “AI revenue” or
at least “AI assisted revenue” and accelerating top-line growth, akin to the re-rating we’ve
seen in certain software names.
US EMERGING INTERNET
2


[Page 3]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
BERNSTEIN TICKER TABLE
9 Sep 2026
TTM
Adjusted EPS
Adjusted P/E (x)
Closing
Price
Rel.
Ticker
Rating
Cur
Price
Target
Perf.
Cur
2025A
2026E
2027E
2025A
2026E
2027E
DASH (DoorDash)
O
USD
197.25
270.00
(40.4)%
USD
5.08
5.70
8.03
38.8
34.6
24.6
EBAY (eBay)
M
USD
103.51
115.00
(5.3)%
USD
5.52
6.18
6.59
18.8
16.7
15.7
ETSY (Etsy)
M
USD
71.19
95.00
9.8%
USD
4.80
6.32
7.41
14.8
11.3
9.6
LYFT (Lyft)
M
USD
14.90
18.00
(36.2)%
USD
1.31
1.63
2.00
11.4
9.1
7.5
CART (Instacart)
O
USD
46.64
60.00
(14.7)%
USD
3.42
4.18
4.90
13.7
11.2
9.5
UBER (Uber )
O
USD
71.08
95.00
(42.8)%
USD
2.45
3.34
4.36
29.0
21.3
16.3
W (Wayfair )
O
USD
100.12
125.00
(1.1)%
USD
2.60
3.10
4.50
38.5
32.3
22.3
ZG (Zillow)
M
USD
32.81
38.00
(78.1)%
USD
1.65
2.25
2.89
19.9
14.6
11.4
SPX
7,636.36
O - Outperform, M - Market-Perform, U - Underperform, NR - Not Rated, CS - Coverage Suspended
Source: Bloomberg, Bernstein estimates and analysis.
INVESTMENT IMPLICATIONS
We rate DASH, CART, UBER, and W Outperform. We rate the rest of our coverage Market-Perform.
US EMERGING INTERNET
3


[Page 4]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
DETAILS
EXHIBIT 1: The median name in our basket is down -7% over the last two trading sessions in part due to Agentic
disruption concerns.
1%
0%
-2%
-2%
-5%
-6%
-7%
-7%
-7%
-7%
-9%
-9%
-10%
-11%
-12%
-13%
Median: -7%
-14%
-12%
-10%
-8%
-6%
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
W
EBAY
CVNA
AMZN
TRIP
UBER
ABNB
DASH
ETSY
ZG
EXPE
CART
BKNG
LYFT**
CHWY*
SHOP
Stock Performance (Sept 4th to Sept 9th, 2026)
*CHWY reported earnings; **LYFT announced unexpected CFO change.
Source: Bloomberg, Bernstein analysis
EXHIBIT 2: We’ve been here before.
-40%
-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
31-Dec-25
31-Jan-26
28-Feb-26
31-Mar-26
30-Apr-26
31-May-26
30-Jun-26
31-Jul-26
31-Aug-26
DASH and CART Stock Price (YTD)
DASH
CART
Fundamentals solid, 
AI trade loses steam
AI bear case; rates 
and oil prices
AI bear case grows, post-Citrini; 
Iran war escalation and macro 
concerns
Source: Bloomberg, Bernstein analysis
US EMERGING INTERNET
4


[Page 5]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
EXHIBIT 3: Our general framework for assessing marketplace moats.
Variable
Our Perspective
Uniqueness/Accessibility of Supply
More unique and difficult to aggregate the better, as it would be harder to disintermediate the 
marketplace in question. 
Consideration
Debatable, but we believe very low (e.g., rideshare) and very high (e.g., purchasing a home) 
consideration purchases will be more insulated; we think AI tools have more product-market fit in the 
middle (groceries, discretionary eCommerce, travel).
Transaction Complexity
The more complex the better, harder to replicate. Complexity can come in the form of integration with 
the physical world (i.e., logistcs at scale), regulation, or other factors. 
Competitive Positioning
Market structure matters. Can an Agentic experience work around the marketplace by partnering with 
alternatives or do the incumbents have leverage in supporting this use case?
Customer Loyalty
Subscription driven platforms with strong retention dynamics will be more defensible, even if the top 
of funnel is extracted away.
Excess Take Rate
Has the marketplace pulled pricing power? Less is better.
Source: Bernstein analysis
EXHIBIT 4: While the promise of personal assistants is enticing on paper and could prove to be disruptive, we are
reminded of the fact that GenAI traffic to the top eCommerce marketplaces remains small despite widespread
usage of apps like ChatGPT and Gemini. In other words, even a high quality product can take a long time to truly
reshape consumer behavior and impact fundamentals — if at all.
1.4%
1.2%
0.7%
0.6%
0.6%
0.6%
0.6%
0.6%
0.5%
0.5%
0.5%
0.4%
0.3%
0.0%
0.2%
0.4%
0.6%
0.8%
1.0%
1.2%
1.4%
1.6%
% of Web Traffic From Gen AI Referrals (US; August 2026)
Source: Similarweb, Bernstein analysis
US EMERGING INTERNET
5


[Page 6]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
EXHIBIT 5: We appreciate that the disintermediation question is one of margins if search starts off platform
on a horizontal agent. But there is room for online penetration rates to grow across core categories if Agentic
Commerce can improve upon the shopping experience.
73%
51%
51%
38%
38%
19%
17%
15%
13%
9%
6%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
US eCommerce Online Penetration by Category (%)
Source: eMarketer, Euromonitor, Bernstein analysis
US EMERGING INTERNET
6


[Page 7]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
DISCLOSURE APPENDIX
I. REQUIRED DISCLOSURES
References to "Bernstein" or the “Firm” in these disclosures relate to the following entities: Bernstein Institutional Services LLC
(April 1, 2024 onwards), Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC (pre April 1, 2024), Bernstein Autonomous LLP, BSG France S.A. (April 1,
2024 onwards), Sanford C. Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited 盛博香港有限公司, Sanford C. Bernstein (Canada) Limited, Sanford
C. Bernstein (India) Private Limited (SEBI registration no. INH000006378), Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private Limited,
Sanford C. Bernstein Japan KK (サンフォード・C・バーンスタイン株式会社) and analysts employed by Société Générale
Africa Technologies & Services to produce Bernstein research under a Global Services Agreement in place between Bernstein
and Société Générale.
Bernstein is part of a joint venture between Société Générale (SG) and AllianceBernstein, L.P. (AB). Unless specifically noted
otherwise, for purposes of these disclosures, references to Bernstein’s “affiliates” relate to both SG and AB and their respective
affiliates.
VALUATION METHODOLOGY
This research publication covers six or more companies. For valuation methodology and other company disclosures:
Please visit: https://bernstein-autonomous.bluematrix.com/sellside/Disclosures.action.
Or, you can also write to the Director of Compliance, Bernstein Institutional Services LLC, 245 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10167.
RISKS
This research publication covers six or more companies. For risks and other company disclosures:
Please visit: https://bernstein-autonomous.bluematrix.com/sellside/Disclosures.action.
Or, you can also write to the Director of Compliance, Bernstein Institutional Services LLC, 245 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10167.
RATINGS DEFINITIONS, BENCHMARKS AND DISTRIBUTION
EQUITY RATINGS DEFINITIONS
Bernstein brand
The Bernstein brand rates stocks based on forecasts of relative performance for the next 12 months versus the S&P 500 for
stocks listed on the U.S. and Canadian exchanges, versus the Bloomberg Europe Developed Markets Large and Mid Cap Price
Return Index EUR (EDME) for stocks listed on the European exchanges and emerging markets exchanges outside of the Asia
Pacific region, versus the Bloomberg Japan Large and Mid Cap Price Return Index USD (JPL) for stocks listed on the Japanese
exchanges, and versus the Bloomberg Asia ex-Japan Large and Mid Cap Price Return Index (ASIAX) for stocks listed on the Asian
(ex-Japan) exchanges -unless otherwise specified.
The Bernstein brand has three categories of ratings:
• Outperform: Stock will outpace the market index by more than 15 pp
• Market-Perform: Stock will perform in line with the market index to within +/-15 pp
• Underperform: Stock will trail the performance of the market index by more than 15 pp
Coverage Suspended: Coverage of a company under the Bernstein research brand has been suspended. Ratings and price targets
are suspended temporarily, are no longer current, and should therefore not be relied upon.
Not Rated: A rating assigned when the stock cannot be accurately valued, or the performance of the company accurately
predicted, at the present time. The covering analyst may continue to publish research reports on the company to update investors
on events and developments.
Not Covered (NC) denotes companies that are not under coverage.
Bernstein brand stock ratings are based on a 12-month time horizon.
Autonomous brand – common stocks
US EMERGING INTERNET
7


[Page 8]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
The Autonomous brand rates common stocks as indicated below. As our benchmarks we use the Bloomberg Europe 600
Financials Price Return Index (E600BK) and Bloomberg Europe Dev Mkt Financials Large and Mid Cap Price Ret Index EUR
(EDMFI) index for developed European banks and Payments, the Bloomberg Europe 600 Insurance Price Return Index (E600IN)
for European insurers, the S&P 500 and S&P Financials for US banks and Payments coverage, S5LIFE for US Insurance, the S&P
Insurance Select Industry (SPSIINS) for US Non-Life Insurers coverage, the Bloomberg Emerging Markets Financials Large, Mid
and Small Cap Price Return Index (EMLSF) for emerging market banks and insurers and Payments, and the Bloomberg Japan
Financials Large & Mid Cap Price Return Index (JPFILM) for Japanese Financials. Ratings are stated relative to the sector (not the
market).
The Autonomous brand has three categories of common stock ratings:
• Outperform (OP): Stock will outpace the relevant index by more than 10 pp
• Neutral (N): Stock will perform in line with the market index to within +/-10 pp
• Underperform (UP): Stock will trail the performance of the relevant index by more than 10 pp
Coverage Suspended: Coverage of a company under the Autonomous research brand has been suspended. Ratings and price
targets are suspended temporarily, are no longer current, and should therefore not be relied upon.
Not Rated: A rating assigned when the stock cannot be accurately valued, or the performance of the company accurately
predicted, at the present time. The covering analyst may continue to publish research reports on the company to update investors
on events and developments.
Those denoted as ‘Feature’ (e.g., Feature Outperform FOP, Feature Under Outperform FUP) are our core ideas.
Not Covered (NC) denotes companies that are not under coverage.
Autonomous brand common stock ratings are based on a 12-month time horizon.
Autonomous brand – preferred stocks
The Autonomous brand has three categories of preferred stock ratings:
• Outperform (OP): The total return of the preferred instrument is expected to outperform preferred securities of other issuers
operating in similar sectors or rating categories over the next six months.
• Neutral (N): The total return of the preferred instrument is expected to perform in line with preferred securities of other issuers
operating in similar sectors or rating categories over the next six months.
• Underperform (UP): The total return of the preferred instrument is expected to underperform preferred securities of other
issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories over the next six months.
Autonomous preferred stock ratings are based on a 6-month time horizon.
AUTONOMOUS CREDIT RESEARCH
Where this report contains investment recommendations for credit instruments, as defined in article 3(1)(35) of the Market Abuse
Regulation, the information below is presented to comply with its disclosure requirements.
The report may also include reference(s) to published opinions by other Autonomous or Bernstein analysts covering the equity
securities of the issuer(s) referenced herein. Please note an investment recommendation for credit instruments published by the
author(s) of this report may differ from the published view of the analyst covering equity securities for the issuer(s) contained in
this report and vice versa.
CREDIT RATINGS DEFINITIONS
The Autonomous brand has three categories of credit ratings:
• Credit Outperform (C-OP): The total return of the Reference Credit Instrument is expected to outperform the credit spread of
bonds of other issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories over the next six months.
US EMERGING INTERNET
8


[Page 9]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
• Credit Neutral (C-N): The total return of the Reference Credit Instrument is expected to perform in line with the credit spread
of bonds of other issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories over the next six months.
• Credit Underperform (C-UP): The total return of the Reference Credit Instrument is expected to underperform the credit spread
of bonds of other issuers operating in similar sectors or rating categories over the next six months.
Autonomous credit ratings are based on a 6-month time horizon.
A list of all investment recommendations produced by the author(s) of this report alongside credit ratings history are available
upon request.
It is at the sole discretion of the Firm as to when to initiate, update and cease research coverage. The Firm has established,
maintains and relies on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas (i.e. the private side)
within the Firm, and into other areas, units, groups or affiliates (i.e. public side) of the Firm
DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITY RATINGS/INVESTMENT BANKING SERVICES
Equity Rating
Market Abuse
Regulation (MAR) and
FINRA Rating Category
Global Rating
Distribution
Investment Banking
Relationships*
Outperform
BUY
51.2%
15.3%
Market-Perform (Bernstein Brand)
Neutral (Autonomous Brand)
HOLD
35.8%
16.2%
Underperform
SELL
13.1%
13.6%
* These figures represent the percentage of companies within each equity rating category for which affiliates of Bernstein have
provided investment banking services within the previous 12 months.
As of June 30, 2026. All figures are updated quarterly.
Prior to April 1, 2024, Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC. issued the ratings and price target information in the graph(s) below for
the following companies: DoorDash Inc, eBay Inc, Etsy Inc, Lyft Inc, Maplebear Inc, Uber Technologies Inc, Wayfair Inc and Zillow
Group Inc.
PRICE CHARTS/ RATINGS AND PRICE TARGET HISTORY
This research publication covers six or more companies. For price chart and other company disclosures, please visit https://
bernstein-autonomous.bluematrix.com/sellside/Disclosures.action or you can write to the Director of Compliance, Bernstein
Institutional Services LLC, 245 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10167.
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
SG and/or its affiliates beneficially own 0.5% or more of [the total issued share capital/any class of common equity securities]
with a net [long/short] position of: Etsy Inc, Lyft Inc and Zillow Group Inc.
SG and/or its affiliates beneficially own 1% or more of a class of common equity securities of the following company: Etsy Inc.
Certain affiliates of Bernstein act as market maker or liquidity provider in the equities securities of: DoorDash Inc, eBay Inc, Lyft
Inc, Uber Technologies Inc, Wayfair Inc and Zillow Group Inc.
OTHER MATTERS
The legal entity(ies) employing the analyst(s) listed in this report, and their location, can be determined by the country code of their
phone number, as follows:
+1 Bernstein Institutional Services LLC; New York, New York, USA
+44 Bernstein Autonomous LLP; London UK
US EMERGING INTERNET
9


[Page 10]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
+212 Société Générale Global Solution Center Morocco, Casablanca, Morocco
+33 BSG France S.A.; Paris, France
+34 BSG France S.A.; Madrid, Spain
+41 Bernstein Autonomous LLP; Geneva, Switzerland
+49 BSG France S.A.; Frankfurt, Germany
+91 Sanford C. Bernstein (India) Private Limited; Mumbai, India
+852 Sanford C. Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited 盛博香港有限公司; Hong Kong, China
+65 Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private Limited; Singapore
+81 Sanford C. Bernstein Japan KK; Tokyo, Japan
Where this report has been prepared by research analyst(s) employed by a non-US affiliate, such analyst(s), is/are (unless
otherwise expressly noted below) not registered as associated persons of Bernstein Institutional Services LLC or any other SEC-
registered broker-dealer and are not licensed or qualified as research analysts with FINRA. Accordingly, such analyst(s) may not
be subject to FINRA’s restrictions regarding (among other things) communications by research analysts with a subject company,
interactions between research analysts and investment banking personnel, participation by research analysts in solicitation and
marketing activities relating to investment banking transactions, public appearances by research analysts, and trading securities
held by a research analyst account.
Where this report has been prepared by research analyst(s) employed by Société Générale Africa Technologies & Services (part
of the Société Générale group of companies), it has been prepared on behalf of a Bernstein company under a Global Services
Agreement in place between Bernstein and Société Générale.
CERTIFICATION
Each research analyst listed in this report, who is primarily responsible for the preparation of the content of this report, certifies
that all of the views expressed in this publication accurately reflect that analyst's personal views about any and all of the subject
securities or issuers and that no part of that analyst's compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific
recommendations or views in this publication.
II. ADDITIONAL GLOBAL CONFLICT DISCLOSURES
It is at the sole discretion of the Firm as to when to initiate, update and cease research coverage. The Firm has established,
maintains and relies on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas (i.e., the private side)
within the Firm, and into other areas, units, groups or affiliates (i.e., public side) of the Firm.
III. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND DISCLOSURES
Separate branding is maintained for “Bernstein” and “Autonomous” research products.
• Bernstein produces a number of different types of research products including, among others, fundamental analysis and
quantitative analysis under both the “Autonomous” and “Bernstein” brands. Recommendations contained within one type of
research product may differ from recommendations contained within other types of research products, whether as a result of
differing time horizons, methodologies or otherwise. Furthermore, views or recommendations within a research product issued
under one brand may differ from views or recommendations under the same type of research product issued under the other
brand. The Research Ratings System for the two brands and other information related to those Rating Systems are included
in the previous section.
• Autonomous operates as a separate business unit within the following entities: Bernstein Institutional Services LLC,
Bernstein Autonomous LLP, Sanford C. Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited 盛博香港有限公司 and Sanford C. Bernstein (India)
Private Limited. For information relating to “Autonomous” branded products (including certain Sales materials) please visit:
www.autonomous.com. For information relating to Bernstein branded products please visit: www.bernsteinresearch.com.
Analysts are compensated based on aggregate contributions to the research franchise as measured by account penetration,
productivity and proactivity of investment ideas. No analysts are compensated based on performance in, or contributions to,
US EMERGING INTERNET
10


[Page 11]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
generating investment banking revenues.
This report has been produced by an independent analyst as defined in Article 3 (1)(34)(i) of EU 596/2014 Market Abuse
Regulation (“MAR”) and the same article of MAR as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union
(Withdrawal) Act 2018.
To our readers in the United States: Bernstein Institutional Services LLC, a broker-dealer registered with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and a member of the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) is distributing
this publication in the United States and accepts responsibility for its contents. Where this material contains an analysis of debt
product(s), such material is intended only for institutional investors and is not subject to the US independence and disclosure
standards applicable to debt research prepared for retail investors.
Bernstein Institutional Services LLC may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person (including an affiliate)
in sales or purchases of any security which is a subject of this report. This report does not purport to meet the objectives or needs
of any specific individuals, entities or accounts.
To our readers in Canada: If this publication pertains to a Canadian domiciled company, it is being distributed in Canada by
Sanford C. Bernstein (Canada) Limited, which is licensed and regulated by the Canadian Investment Regulatory Organization. If the
publication pertains to a non-Canadian domiciled company, it is being distributed by Bernstein Institutional Services LLC, which
is licensed and regulated by both the SEC and FINRA, into Canada under the International Dealers Exemption.
This document may not be passed onto any person in Canada unless that person qualifies as "permitted client" as defined in
Section 1.1 of NI 31-103.
To our readers in Brazil: This report has been prepared by Bernstein Institutional Services LLC, and Banco BTG Pactual S.A.
("BTG") is responsible for the distribution of this report in Brazil.
To readers in the United Kingdom: This publication has been issued or approved for issue in the United Kingdom by Bernstein
Autonomous LLP, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and located at 60 London Wall, London EC2M 5SH,
+44 (0)20-7170-5000. Registered in England & Wales No OC343985.
This document is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling
within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Financial
Promotion Order”), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies, unincorporated associations,
etc.”) of the Financial Promotion Order, (iii) are outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement
to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities
may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant
persons”). This document is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant
persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and will be
engaged in only with relevant persons.
To our readers in the member states of the EEA: This publication is being distributed by BSG France SA, which is authorised
and regulated by the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).
To our readers in Hong Kong: This publication is being distributed in Hong Kong by Sanford C. Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited
盛博香港有限公司, which is licensed and regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission (Central Entity No.
AXC846) to carry out Type 4 (Advising on Securities) regulated activities and subject to the licensing conditions mentioned in
the SFC Public Register (https://www.sfc.hk/publicregWeb/corp/AXC846/details)). This publication is solely for professional
investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571). The purpose of this report is solely to provide an analysis
of the issuers referred to in this report and is not intended for any purpose contrary to the laws of Hong Kong.
To our readers in Singapore: This publication is being distributed in Singapore by Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private
Limited, only to accredited investors or institutional investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore
("SFA"). Recipients in Singapore should contact Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private Limited in respect of matters arising from,
or in connection with, this publication. Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private Limited is regulated by the Monetary Authority of
Singapore and licensed under the SFA as a capital markets services licence holder for dealing in capital markets products that are
securities and collective investment schemes and an exempt financial adviser for advising on, issuing and promulgating analyses
and reports on securities. Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private Limited is registered in Singapore with Company Registration
No. 20213710W and located at 8 Marina Boulevard, #12-01, Marina Bay Financial Centre, Singapore 018981, +65-6326-7000.
To our readers in the People’s Republic of China: The securities referred to in this document are not being offered or sold and
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong
and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan, the “PRC”) in contravention of any applicable laws of the PRC.
US EMERGING INTERNET
11


[Page 12]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
This document does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC to any person to
whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in the PRC.
We do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance
with any applicable registration or other requirements in the PRC, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume
any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by us which would permit
a public offering of any securities or distribution of this document in the PRC. Accordingly, the securities are not being offered
or sold within the PRC by means of this document or any other document. Neither this document nor any advertisement or other
offering material may be distributed or published in the PRC, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any
applicable laws and regulations.
To our readers in Japan: This publication is being distributed in Japan by Sanford C. Bernstein Japan KK (サンフォード・
C・バーンスタイン株式会社), which is registered in Japan as a Financial Instruments Business Operator with the Kanto Local
Finance Bureau (registration number: The Director-General of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (FIBO) No.3387) and regulated by
the Financial Services Agency. It is also a member of Investment Management Association of Japan. This publication is solely
for qualified institutional investors in Japan only, as defined in Article 2, paragraph (3), items (i) of the Financial Instruments and
Exchange Act.
For the institutional client readers in Japan who have been granted access to the Bernstein website by Daiwa Securities Group Inc.
(“Daiwa”), your access to this document should not be construed as meaning that Bernstein is providing you with investment advice
for any purposes. Whilst Bernstein has prepared this document, your relationship is, and will remain with, Daiwa, and Bernstein
has neither any contractual relationship with you nor any obligations towards you.
To our readers in Australia: Sanford C. Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited 盛博香港有限公司 is responsible for distributing research
in Australia. It is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under U.S. laws, by the Financial Conduct Authority under
U.K. laws, which differs from Australian laws. Sanford C. Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited 盛博香港有限公司 is exempt from the
requirement to hold an Australian financial services license under the Corporations Act 2001 in respect of the provision of the
following financial services to wholesale clients:
• providing financial product advice;
• dealing in a financial product;
• making a market for a financial product; and
• providing a custodial or depository service.
To our readers in India: This publication is being distributed in India by Sanford C. Bernstein (India) Private Limited (SCB India)
which is licensed and regulated by Securities and Exchange Board of India ("SEBI") as a research analyst entity under the SEBI
(Research Analyst) Regulations, 2014, having registration no. INH000006378 and as a stock broker having registration no.
INZ000213537. SCB India is currently engaged in the business of providing research and stock broking services. Please refer to
www.bernsteinresearch.in for more information.
• SCB India is a Private limited company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013, on April 12, 2017 bearing corporate
identification number U65999MH2017FTC293762, and registered office at Level 3A, 4th Floor, First International Financial
Centre, Plot Nos C-54 and C-55, G Block, Near CBI Office, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 400098,
Maharashtra, India (Phone No: +91-22-68421401).
• For details of Associates (i.e., affiliates/group companies) of SCB India, kindly email MUM-BERNSTEIN-
InCompliance@bernsteinsg.com.
• SCB India does not have any disciplinary history as on the date of this report.
• Except as noted above, SCB India and/or its Associates (i.e., affiliates/group companies), the Research Analysts authoring this
report, and their relatives
• do not have any financial interest in the subject company
• do not have actual/beneficial ownership of one percent or more in securities of the subject company;
• is not engaged in any investment banking activities for Indian companies, as such;
US EMERGING INTERNET
12


[Page 13]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
• have not managed or co-managed a public offering in the past twelve months for any Indian companies;
• have not received any compensation for investment banking services or merchant banking services from the subject
company in the past 12 months;
• have not received compensation for brokerage services from the subject company in the past twelve months;
• have not received any compensation or other benefits from the subject company or third party related to the specific
recommendations or views in this report; and
• do not currently, but may in the future, act as a market maker in the financial instruments of the companies covered in the
report.
• do not have any conflict of interest in the subject company as of the date of this report.
• Except as noted above, the subject company has not been a client of SCB India during twelve months preceding the date
of distribution of this research report. Neither SCB India nor its Associates (i.e., affiliates/group companies) have received
compensation for products or services other than investment banking, merchant banking or brokerage services from the
subject company in the past twelve months.
• The principal research analyst(s) who prepared this report, members of the analysts' team, and members of their households
are not an officer, director, employee or advisory board member of the companies covered in the report.
• Our Compliance officer / Grievance officer is Ms. Rupal Talati, who can be reached at +91-22-68421451, or MUM-
BERNSTEIN-InCompliance@bernsteinsg.com / Scbin-investorgrievance@bernsteinsg.com
• The Research investor charter and Terms & Conditions of SCB India are available on its website and may be accessed at Sanford
C. Bernstein (India) Private Limited (https://bernsteinresearch.in/) for your reference.
• Disclaimer: Registration granted by SEBI, and certification from NISM, is in no way a guarantee of performance of the
intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investments in securities market are subject to market risks. Read
all the related documents carefully before investing.
To our readers in Switzerland: This document is provided in Switzerland by or through Bernstein Autonomous LLP, and is
provided only to qualified investors as defined in article 10 of the Swiss Collective Investment Scheme Act (“CISA”) and related
provisions of the Collective Investment Scheme Ordinance and in strict compliance with applicable Swiss law and regulations.
The products mentioned in this document may not be suitable for all types of investors. This document is based on the Directives
on the Independence of Financial Research issued by the Swiss Bankers Association (SBA) in January 2008.
To our readers in the Middle East: Bernstein Autonomous LLP, DIFC branch has its principal office at Gate Village 06, DIFC,
Dubai, UAE. Bernstein Autonomous LLP, DIFC branch is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) with the
registration number CL10040 and is provisioned for Arranging Deals in Investments and Advising on Financial Products. All
communications and services are directed at Professional Clients and Market Counterparties only (as defined in the DFSA
rulebook). Persons other than Professional Clients and Market Counterparties, such as Retail Clients, are not the intended
recipients of our communications or services.
LEGAL
All research publications are disseminated to our clients through posting on the firm's password protected websites,
bernsteinresearch.com and autonomous.com. Certain, but not all, research publications are also made available to clients through
third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience.
This publication has been published and distributed in accordance with the Firm's policy for management of conflicts of interest
in investment research, a copy of which is available from Bernstein Institutional Services LLC, Director of Compliance, 245 Park
Avenue, New York, NY 10167. Additional disclosures and information regarding Bernstein's business are available on our website
www.bernsteinresearch.com.
The securities described herein may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors where that
permission profile is not consistent with the licenses held by the entities noted herein. This document is for distribution only as may
be permitted by law. This publication is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen
US EMERGING INTERNET
13


[Page 14]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
or resident of, or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use
would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject any of the entities referenced herein or any of their subsidiaries
or affiliates to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction. This publication is based upon public sources
we believe to be reliable, but no representation is made by us that the publication is accurate or complete. We do not undertake
to advise you of any change in the reported information or in the opinions herein. This publication was prepared and issued by
entity referred to herein for distribution to eligible counterparties or professional clients. This publication is not an offer to buy
or sell any security, and it does not constitute investment, legal or tax advice. The investments referred to herein may not be
suitable for you. Investors must make their own investment decisions in consultation with their professional advisors in light of
their specific circumstances. The value of investments may fluctuate, and investments that are denominated in foreign currencies
may fluctuate in value as a result of exposure to exchange rate movements. Information about past performance of an investment
is not necessarily a guide to, indicator of, or assurance of, future performance.
This report is directed to and intended only for our clients who are “eligible counterparties”, “professional clients”, “institutional
investors” and/or “professional investors” as defined by the aforementioned regulators, and must not be redistributed to retail
clients as defined by the aforementioned regulators. Retail clients who receive this report should note that the services of the
entities noted herein are not available to them and should not rely on the material herein to make an investment decision. The result
of such act will not hold the entities noted herein liable for any loss thus incurred as the entities noted herein are not registered/
authorised/ licensed to deal with retail clients and will not enter into any contractual agreement/arrangement with retail clients.
This report is provided subject to the terms and conditions of any agreement that the clients may have entered into with the entities
noted herein. All research reports are disseminated on a simultaneous basis to eligible clients through electronic publication to
our client portal.
The information in this report was prepared by Bernstein solely for the internal business use of our clients. Clients may store,
display, analyze, reformat and print the information in this report for this limited use only. Clients may not copy, alter, create
derivative works, resell, reverse engineer, commercially exploit, share or distribute any part of the information contained herein
for any purpose without Bernstein’s express written consent. These restrictions include extracting data or using the content to
develop indices or other products. Further, you may not use this report, or any portion of this report, to train or finetune any third-
party machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or as a prompt or input into any such system. You also may not, without
Bernstein’s express written consent, do any of the foregoing in connection with your own internal machine learning or artificial
intelligence system.
Bernstein may use artificial intelligence tools in the preparation of its materials. Any such materials are reviewed by Bernstein’s
research analysts prior to publication.
This report has been prepared for information purposes only and is based on current public information that we consider reliable,
but the entities noted herein do not warrant or represent (express or implied) as to the sources of information or data contained
herein are accurate, complete, not misleading or as to its fitness for the purpose intended even though the entities noted herein
rely on reputable or trustworthy data providers, it should not be relied upon as such. Opinions expressed are the author(s)’ current
opinions as of the date appearing on the material only and we do not undertake to advise you of any change in the reported
information or in the opinions herein.
Any references to Societe Generale herein are purely factual, based upon publicly available information, and included for
comparative purposes only. They do not constitute an opinion or recommendation with respect to the securities of Societe
Generale.
This publication was prepared and issued by the entity referred to herein for distribution to eligible counterparties or professional
clients. The information in this report is intended for general circulation and does not constitute an offer to buy or sell any security,
investment, legal or tax advice nor a personal recommendation, as defined by any of the aforementioned regulators. It does not
take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual investors. The report has not been
reviewed by any of the aforementioned regulators and does not represent any official recommendation from the aforementioned
regulators. The investments referred to herein may not be suitable for you. Investors must make their own investment decisions in
consultation with advice sought from a financial adviser regarding the suitability of the investment product, taking into account the
specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any recipient of the recommendation, before the recipient
makes a commitment to purchase the investment product.
The analysis contained herein is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different
results. The information in this report does not constitute, or form part of, any offer to sell or issue, or any offer to purchase or
subscribe for shares, or to induce engagement in any other investment activity. The value of any securities or financial instruments
mentioned in this report may fluctuate subject to market conditions. Information about past performance of an investment is
not necessarily a guide to, indicative of, or assurance of future performance. Estimates of future performance mentioned by
the research analyst in this report are based on assumptions that may not be realized due to unforeseen factors like market
volatility/fluctuation. In relation to securities or financial instruments denominated in a foreign currency other than the clients’
home currency, movements in exchange rates will have an effect on the value, either favorable or unfavorable. Before acting on any
US EMERGING INTERNET
14


[Page 15]
Nikhil Devnani, CFA    +1 917 344 8425  nikhil.devnani@bernsteinsg.com
10 September 2026
recommendations in this report, recipients should consider the appropriateness of investing in the subject securities or financial
instruments mentioned in this report and, if necessary, seek independent professional advice.
The securities described herein may not be eligible for sale in all jurisdictions or to certain categories of investors where that
permission profile is not consistent with the licenses held by the entities noted herein. This document is for distribution only as may
be permitted by law. It is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or
located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary
to law or regulation or would subject the entities noted herein to any regulation or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
Source: Bloomberg Index Services Limited. BLOOMBERG® is a trademark and service mark of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its
affiliates (collectively “Bloomberg”). Bloomberg or Bloomberg’s licensors own all proprietary rights in the Bloomberg Indices.
Neither Bloomberg nor Bloomberg’s licensors approves or endorses this material, or guarantees the accuracy or completeness of
any information herein, or makes any warranty, express or implied, as to the results to be obtained therefrom and, to the maximum
extent allowed by law, neither shall have any liability or responsibility for injury or damages arising in connection therewith.
No part of this material may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted or otherwise made available without prior consent of the
entities noted herein. Copyright Bernstein Institutional Services LLC Bernstein Autonomous LLP, BSG France S.A., Sanford C.
Bernstein (Hong Kong) Limited 盛博香港有限公司, Sanford C. Bernstein (Canada) Limited, Sanford C. Bernstein (India) Private
Limited (SEBI registration no. INH000006378), Sanford C. Bernstein (Singapore) Private Limited and Sanford C. Bernstein Japan
KK (サンフォード・C・バーンスタイン株式会社). All rights reserved. The trademarks and service marks contained herein are
the property of their respective owners. Any unauthorized use or disclosure is strictly prohibited. The entities noted herein may
pursue legal action if the unauthorized use results in any defamation and/or reputational risk to the entities noted herein and
research published under the Bernstein and Autonomous brands.
US EMERGING INTERNET
15
