[Page 1]
14 September 2026, 00:59 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Equities can withstand a warmer inflation 
outlook
UBS House View - Daily Asia
Min Lan Tan, Head Chief Investment Office APAC, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Christopher Swann, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
David Lefkowitz, CFA, CIO Head of US Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Nadia Lovell, Head of Global Equity Strategy & Management, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
From the studio
Video: UBS Explains | What is happening in the US bond market? (5 
mins)
Video: Market Playbook | What do rate hikes mean for portfolios? (5 
mins)
Video: Four reasons to take a closer look at Taiwanese equities (5 mins)
Thought of the day
US core consumer prices rose 0.3% month over month in August, 
compared with the 0.2% consensus forecast, while headline inflation 
increased 0.4%. The strength was concentrated in services, with core 
services rising 0.3% and services excluding energy and rents increasing 
0.5%. Markets subsequently moved to price a roughly 90% probability of 
a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed’s September meeting, up from 
around 70% before the release, according to CME FedWatch data. The CPI 
and producer-price report, which was released earlier last week, together 
point to a core personal consumption expenditures inflation reading of 
around 0.3% for August. We expect the Fed to raise rates by 25 basis 
points in September and again in December.
But the S&P 500 ended Friday up 0.9%, underlining our view that the 
equity rally can continue despite tighter Fed policy.
The inflation details point to slower disinflation, rather than a broad 
reacceleration. Some of the largest contributions came from volatile 
categories, including airfares and hotels, which rose 2.7% and 2.4% 
month over month, respectively. Although communication and education 
services also increased sharply, this category included an unusually large 
rise in wireless telephone services that may prove noisy. By contrast, more 
persistent housing components were relatively benign: primary rents rose 
0.2%, while owners’ equivalent rent also increased 0.2%, below their 
recent three- and six-month trends. Core inflation also eased to 2.4% year 
over year from 2.5% in July. In our view, the report therefore suggests that 
progress toward the Fed’s target is proving uneven and slower than hoped, 
but it does not yet point to inflation becoming broadly embedded across 
  
What to watch: 14 September
• Swedish inflation data for August
• Canadian inflation for August and 
manufacturing sales for July
This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS).
Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Daily Asia
the economy.
Resilient growth should enable the economy to absorb moderately 
higher rates. Recent economic data continues to point to broad strength 
in the US. August payrolls rose by 162,000, well above the consensus 
forecast of 55,000, while unemployment held at 4.1%. US factory activity 
has remained in expansion for eight consecutive months. Meanwhile, the 
forces contributing to a more hawkish Fed, including firm employment, 
solid economic activity, and AI-related capital spending, are also supporting 
corporate revenues and profits. The Fed’s model suggests that 50 basis 
points of additional tightening would reduce economic growth by only a 
few tenths of a percentage point. Two hikes therefore look manageable, in 
our view, given the robust backdrop.
Robust earnings and AI investment should continue to support 
equities. The most recent earnings season underlined our optimism over 
profits, in the US and beyond. We forecast S&P 500 earnings to grow by 
25% in 2026 and 14% in 2027, while Eurozone earnings are expected 
to rise by 15% in both years. This strength is broadening beyond the 
largest technology companies: median S&P 500 company earnings are 
growing by around 14%, supported by manufacturing, capital-markets 
activity, and resilient consumer spending. Stronger profits have also reduced 
equity valuations relative to earnings, making markets less vulnerable to a 
substantial correction caused solely by higher yields. Meanwhile, AI remains 
a structural tailwind, and recent corporate results continue to validate 
strong demand for cloud capacity and AI infrastructure.
So, we hold a positive outlook on equities and continue to position for 
further market gains. Investors should consider combining a broadly 
diversified core equity allocation with targeted exposure to transformational 
innovation and cyclical opportunities, while reducing excessive dependence 
on individual stocks or a narrow group of technology companies. We 
continue to favor AI, power and resources, and longevity, and recommend 
broad exposure across sectors and regions.
Caught our attention
Saudi pipeline closure raises oil risks. Saudi Arabia shut its East-West 
oil pipeline as a precaution following attacks on facilities in the Riyadh and 
Madinah regions that caused a number of injuries. The 1,200-kilometer 
pipeline carries crude from eastern oilfields to the Red Sea, providing 
an important alternative export route while flows through the Strait of 
Hormuz remain restricted. Brent crude settled at USD 104.6 a barrel on 
Friday, having risen around 8% over the week. Saudi crude supply had 
already fallen by 2.3 million barrels a day from July to 6 million barrels a 
day in August, its lowest level in more than three decades, according to the 
International Energy Agency.
Our view: The latest disruption adds to the risk that oil prices remain 
elevated. The disruption also complicates the outlook for inflation and 
interest rates. The European Central Bank raised rates by 25 basis points 
last week, citing continuing inflation pressure from the Middle East conflict, 
while resilient US employment and firmer-than-expected inflation have 
strengthened the case for Federal Reserve rate increases. We recently 
raised our Brent crude forecasts to USD 95 a barrel at year-end and USD 
90 by March 2027, reflecting restricted Gulf exports, falling inventories, 
and firm demand. While both forecasts remain below the current spot 
price, disruption to another important export route increases the risk of 
further near-term gains. We retain a moderately constructive outlook 
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Daily Asia
for crude oil prices, with near-term risks skewed to the upside. We also 
recommend exposure to broad commodities, which can potentially help 
diversify portfolios.
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Daily Asia
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Daily Asia
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
