[Page 1]
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Coffee Break
Coffee Break is our daily publication, offering topical  
insights as an intellectual ingot to start the day. 
Bond sell-off in the US and eurozone –  
similarities and differences 
14 September 2026 
Inflation expectations have been the key driver of eurozone rates, whereas 
US yields have mostly been driven by the real-rate component. While rates 
could remain elevated in the near future due to geopolitical developments, 
their long-term trajectory will depend on economies’ tolerance towards 
higher financing costs. 
BREAKING DOWN THIS YEAR’S RATE MOVES IN THE EUROZONE AND THE US 
CUMULATIVE YTD CHANGES IN REAL RATES AND INFLATION EXPECTATIONS (BASIS POINTS) 
 
Source: Bloomberg, The Investment Institute by UniCredit  
Note: Market-based inflation expectations are given by inflation swaps, while real rates are derived from swap rates. 
THE CONTEXT 
 
Fixed-income markets continue to navigate turbulent waters. Last week, the ECB not only hiked the depo rate by 
25bp to 2.50% but also sounded more hawkish than expected, fuelling investor expectations of further tightening 
down the road. OIS forward rates are currently pricing in around 75bp of further rate hikes in the next 12 months.  
-60
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
80
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
5Y EZ infl exp
5Y US infl exp
5Y EZ real rate
5Y US real rate
1.
Declining 
real rates
2.
Inflation shock
3. 
Rising real rates
4. 
Divergence


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
14 September 2026
2
US CPI, coming at 3.4%, cemented market expectations of a rate hike by the Fed this week. As we have highlighted 
in previous publications, the selling pressure across global bond markets has been driven by common factors, 
including the inflation shock due to the war in the Middle East, still-resilient economic data and abundant supply 
coming from public and private investment. Against this backdrop, bond valuations have also been affected by more 
idiosyncratic factors, such as substantial fiscal expansion expected in Japan and fiscal risks in the UK. In today’s 
Coffee Break, we compare the yield increases in the US and the eurozone, highlighting similarities and differences 
between the two jurisdictions.  
THE DATA 
The chart shows cumulative changes in 5Y market-based inflation expectations and real rates 
in the eurozone and the US since the beginning of the year. Market-based inflation expectations 
are given by inflation swaps, while real rates are derived from swap rates. The chart is divided 
into four sub-periods.  
In the first sub-period (January and February), real rates went down as investors questioned 
economic growth in developed countries, whereas inflation expectations were stable. From the start 
of the US-Iran conflict until mid-May, the second sub-period, market-based inflation expectations 
increased, reflecting higher energy prices, while the real-rate component was little changed.  
Market-based inflation expectations declined in June and July, the third sub-period, as 
encouraging geopolitical signals led to a temporary normalisation of energy prices. From June, 
real rates edged higher as macro data proved resilient, particularly in the US, despite the 
ongoing macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. The final sub-period, which started in 
mid-July, is characterised by higher real rates in the US and more elevated market-based 
inflation expectations in the eurozone. That said, at 2.45%, the 5Y EUR inflation swap does not 
indicate a de-anchoring of inflation expectations. 
While US and eurozone rates have risen broadly in sync and by a similar magnitude, albeit 
somewhat more in the US, the real-rate component has been the main driver in the US so far 
this year, while the inflation component has predominated in the eurozone. 
OUR VIEW 
There are a few interesting messages emerging from the chart, two of which we discuss below. 
Inflation risks associated with the war in the Middle East are greater in the eurozone. 
Eurozone breakeven rates are more sensitive to energy prices and have risen more since the 
beginning of the year. It is noteworthy that the 5Y inflation swap rate in the eurozone is only 
10bp lower than in the US, although inflationary pressure has historically been higher on the 
other side of the Atlantic. For reference, in the last 18 months, yearly CPI inflation has been 
2.9% in the US and 2.3% in the eurozone.  
The fact that market-based inflation expectations were already high in the US at the start of 
year, with the 5Y inflation swap rate at 2.35%, limited their increase following the start of the 
conflict. Moreover, hawkish rhetoric from both the Fed and the ECB, and their determination to 
contain sustained inflation, have capped market-based inflation expectations. Thus, with rising 
policy rates, higher input prices have resulted in more elevated real rates. Recent macro 
data suggest that economic growth remains resilient despite tighter financial conditions. This, 
together with the technological transformations that are characterising economies, has 
reignited the debate among investors over rising neutral rates worldwide.  
Determining whether neutral rates have actually increased will require time and more data but 
will be crucial to assess long-term equilibrium rates. In the meantime, fixed-income markets 
will remain highly dependent on geopolitical developments. Cooling tensions between US and 
Iran would lead to a decline in EGB and UST yields, which is our baseline. By contrast, a 
continuation of the conflict would keep government bonds under pressure, with yields possibly 
reaching levels last seen more than 20 years ago. 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
14 September 2026
3
Author 
 Francesco Maria Di Bella, FI Strategist (UniCredit, Milan), francescomaria.dibella@unicredit.eu 
Editor 
 Edoardo Campanella, Director and Editor-in-Chief of The Investment Institute (UniCredit, Milan) 
edoardo.campanella@unicredit.eu 
  
UniCredit S.p.A 
 The Investment Institute by UniCredit, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 4, I-20154 Milan 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 


[Page 4]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
14 September 2026
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Legal Notices 
Glossary 
Terms used in the report are available on our website: Our glossary 
Marketing Communication 
This publication/video constitutes a marketing communication of UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit Bank Austria AG, Schoellerbank AG and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “UniCredit Group”) is addressed to the general public and is provided free of 
charge for information only. It does not constitute investment recommendation or consultancy activity by the UniCredit Group or, even 
less, an offer to the public of any kind nor an invitation to buy or sell securities. The information contained herein does not constitute an 
investment research or financial analysis since, in addition to the lack of content, it has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
UniCredit Group, including all its group companies may have a specific interest in relation to the issuers, financial instruments or 
transactions detailed herein. Relevant disclosures of interests and positions held by UniCredit Group are available at: Conflicts of interest 
Any estimates and/or assessments contained in this publication represent the independent opinion of the UniCredit Group and, like all 
the information contained therein, are given in good faith on the basis of the data available at the date of publication, taken from reliable 
sources, but having a purely indicative value and subject to change at any time after publication, on the completeness, correctness and 
truthfulness of which the UniCredit Group makes no guarantees and assumes no responsibility. Interested parties must therefore carry 
out their own investment assessments in a completely autonomous and independent manner, relying exclusively on their own 
considerations of the market conditions and the information available overall, also in line with their risk profile and economic situation. 
Investment involves risk. Before any transaction in financial instruments please refer to the relevant offering documents. It should also 
be noted that:  
1. Information relating to the past performance of a financial instrument, index or investment service is not indicative of future results. 
2. If the investment is denominated in a currency other than the investor’s currency, the value of the investment can fluctuate strongly 
according to changes in exchange rates and have an undesirable effect on the profitability of the investment. 
3. Investments that offer high returns can undergo significant price fluctuations following any downgrading of creditworthiness. In the 
event of bankruptcy of the issuer, the investor may lose the entire capital. 
4. High volatility investments can be subject to sudden and significant decreases in value, being able to generate significant losses at 
the time of sale up to the entire capital invested. 
5. In the presence of extraordinary events, it may be difficult for the investor to sell or liquidate certain investments or obtain reliable 
information on their value. 
6. If the information refers to a specific tax treatment, it should be noted that the tax treatment depends on the individual situation of 
the customer and may be subject to change in the future. 
7. If the information refers to future results, it should be noted that they do not constitute a reliable indicator of these results. 
8. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss.  
The UniCredit Group cannot in any way be held responsible for facts and/or damages that may arise to anyone from the use of this 
document, including, but not limited to, damages due to losses, lost earnings or unrealised savings. The contents of the publication – 
including data, news, information, images, graphics, drawings, brands, and domain names – are owned by the UniCredit Group unless 
otherwise indicated, covered by copyright and by the industrial property law. No license or right of use is granted and therefore it is not 
allowed to reproduce its contents, in whole or in part, on any medium, copy them, publish them and use them for commercial purposes 
without prior written authorisation from UniCredit Group unless if purposes of personal use only. E 25/1 
