[Page 1]
GS McGeoch - Materials Sept 14 AAL TECK Copper rate hike Oil
Gold Nowcast BHP 14 Sep 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Materials Sector Specialist
Mon 14 Sep 2026, 3:21am ET
DXY 99.44 CNH 6.70 10YR 4.95 Gold 4323 Copper 14,182 Oil 107.56 LME week Conf - AGENDA
launched - see bottom Register here. Cut off for meeting reques
DXY 99.44 CNH 6.70 10YR 4.95 Gold 4323 Copper 14,182 Oil 107.56
LME week Conf - AGENDA launched - see bottom Register here. Cut off for meeting requests is 18th
Sept (next Friday).
I am on the road next few weeks (EGO site trip Greece, then in US), if you need me, you know how to
find me .... Commodities offered across the deck, just risk and Wednesday. Oil +3% at $107.50 (no deal on
weekend on GCC meet collapse and East/West pipeline rehabilitation at 4-6weeks is longer than expected,
see below), equally GS now puts in 1x 25bpt hike in Sept FOMC A Hike Without a Signal? , worth a listen
on Weekend Macro Call where message is with mkt pricing 90% of a hike, kind of free pass, maintain
credibility without adjusting the path…... Copper – on that macro call the team discuss Gold and Copper.
Gold is path dependant, I do note the reference to new ATH at a point (See also below, #isubscribe), On
Copper I outline a frustration. Only the micro guys talk about supply. Supply is why we are at this level,
Gold is a short 25% of the highs, Copper is thereabout (zinc, nickel, gas, coal etc…all supply stories), yet
here we are on Copper and all the macro community talk about is US inventory and tariffs. I DO NOT
believe the US units get re-exported and I believe Copper micros agree. As one seasoned commodity
trader opined Friday (with data) “for the first time in my career, I think we could have a commodity
stockout”, recent US feedback continues to be 100% same direction, US stockpiles will not be re-
exported, call that vested interest, call it common sense, metals are not even close to a primary driver of
inflation, have a listen to Robert Friedland on the set up "the world is leaving just-in-time and entering
hoarding"...I mena AI boffincs call this lose change, but when we start talking with "T" not "B" its a clear
paradigm shift Carney is seeking to generate C$1trn of investment next 5yrs..... Last one is stat - last week
was largest macro ETF selling since Liberation day (almost entirely shorts) link AAL.LN – Announced
later Friday that AAL/ TECK will retain 100% weighting S+P TSX. Dec2026 rebalancing (Dec 21, 2026)
….. two ways to think about this, removes any TSX leakage, it equally adds ballast as the mkt cap grows. I
have heard some fairly chunky numbers re demand (GS does not model this). Outstanding remains the
China regulatory approval, deal close is expected imminently post, AAL.LN will pay the $4.5bn distro
inside 45days of closing….
WDS.AU - interesting development to see Mark Cutifani step down from board"“My decision has been
made for personal reasons as I reassess my global professional commitments and identify where I can best
devote my time and personal contributions,”"...there is a lot happening in the space, not related to this, but
the mention of Elliot and RIO last Friday put a few people on watch again.


[Page 2]
Oil – Some comments from Pete (Trading) - rebounding this morning as the GCC/Iran/Iraq/Oman meeting
expected for today has been cancelled after the attack on Saudi's E-W pipeline…. Reports over the
weekend suggest a 4-6wk outage there although Saudi have historically surprised positively on getting
assets back up and running….4mbpd of supply is at risk from an outage; they have enough inventory to
cover this for the next few weeks….Just been marketing in the US. Would say that the general vibe is
absolutely-limit-long-turbo-bullish. Most see limited scope for a deal and so expect further upside to
crude, most are bullish TTF. Cons longs (as in EU) are BP and REP, biggest delta vs Europe is TTE where
it's a cons long in the US. Get in touch if you want to discuss more.
BHP – longer range thought piece – BHP will host a site trip in Nov, GIR getting ahead of that…. Copper
SA expansion to 500ktpa assessing the returns. Team get IRR >20% on phase 1 at $5.20 copper…GIR
model peak copper production from SA of ~490ktpa by 2035, long run EBITDA of ~US$7bn and a margin
of ~55%....thee are a bunch of FID to deliver, its complex, no change near term, just get eyes on it.
See below on Cu prodn shape. The decel and subsequent recel is what the mkit has been most focussed on.
New CEO has been architect of improving that shape v expectations, it will be a significant trip in Nov
(recall it was Nov 2024 that BHP introduced the revised gap lower in Chile…)
source link above GOLD - Central Bank Gold Purchasing Trend Remains Strong Through July....GS
nowcast estimates central bank purchases of 44 tonnes in July (vs. a pre‑2022 average of 17 tonnes), with
a large contribution from China. On a 3‑month seasonally adjusted basis, the trend stands at 91
tonnes/month. We continue to see net upside risk to our $4,900/oz end-2026 gold forecast
source link above
ETF's - the team stay on the mining theme.... Copper - CPER/PICK/COPX are all tracking for some of
their worst weekly moves in months (gapping lower off the highs in response to spot). Latest flow
dynamic across the complex skews net redeemed since the start of the month, primarily led by supply in
COPX -- COPX faced its fifth straight redemption yesterday, which is its longest daily streak of outflows
since Aug-2025. ...i also saw this from Colleague in NY Brian Garret "investor anxiety remains high (net
exposure 6th percentile / massive macro etf shorting this week (Largest since Liberation day) / etc) while
surface volatility remains eerily calm (VIX 15 / 27 sessions <100bps trading bands / spx 1w straddle
130bps / etc) "
source link
China Midday wrap - China opened lower with AI names leading the sell-off to reflect the AI development
comment from US AI leaders. CPO and PCB were among the underperformer list. CATL saw strength
following the headline that they started the first batch of buyback since last Friday. Sungrow was higher
early this morning as the firm said to raise price due to key cost inflation. Further on the positive side,
CRO names including Wuxi Apptec rallied with elevated notionals - while no new headline supporting the
move, the rotation from AI hardware to Pharma names is gaining further traction along with the interests
in CN financials. Cash turnover remained light today with open auction volume stays muted at 16.5bn
Rmb, and full day cash turnover is only 1.8tr Rmb. When its broke its really broke.....Shanghai New Home


[Page 3]
Sales Only Gain Among China's Tier-One Cities China Aims for NEVs to Account for 70% of New Car
Sales by 2030
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3 link
All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk


[Page 4]


[Page 5]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 14 September 2026.
