[Page 1]
T2se3r0Ot6kwoPa
T2se3r0Ot6kwoPa
Distributed on: 15/09/2026 06:52:20 GMT
Distributed on: 15/09/2026 06:52:20 GMT
15 September 2026
TOP STORIES
ASTRAZENECA (AZN.L) - CAMBRIAN explosion tbc, but feeling more SERENE 
after reset: u/g to Hold*
Emmanuel Papadakis: Sell to Hold, Tgt 11500p to 11700p. Last Close 11708p. It is 
not a frequent occurrence, but almost a year after our d/g to Sell (AZN : Turning 
sceptical on SERENA(4): cut to Sell (16/10/25)) alongside our breast cancer deep 
dive (Breast cancer deep dive: focus on SERD potential to extend lives for the many 
(16/10/25)), the trial at the centre of that report (SERENA4) duly reported negatively 
on Friday and with the stock down c3% in absolute terms over the period and having 
underperformed the EU large cap peer group by c10% (FX adj.), we upgrade to Hold. 
This has clearly been partly for reasons we anticipated (e.g. the H2 event overhang, 
patent cliff concerns) and partly those we did not (e.g. Wainua, BMY), but whilst 
don’t view yesterday’s sector-bounce as either reflecting recent fundamentals or 
particularly durable heading into the mid-terms, we do see risk-reward more 
neutrally here for AZN.
LUNDBECK (HLUNb.CO) - Will need to search the OCEAN for some pearls. Bexi 
preview, cut to SELL
Niall Alexander: Hold to Sell, Tgt DKK40 to DKK36. Last Close DKK44.66. With 
LUN's upcoming P3 DEEp OCEAN readout due in Q4, assessing acquired 
Longboard asset bexicaserin in LGS/DS/DEE epilepsy, we take the opportunity to 
revisit the epilepsy space alongside emerging late stage pipeline assets. We've 
highlighted in previous publications our cautious view on the stock given 
headwinds for Rexulti (asset currently makes up ~25% of total revenue) including 
competitor Auvelity, it's listing in 2028 IRA price cut (Rexulti US sales ~35% 
Medicare) and patent cliff in 2029. Despite raising DB estimates for late-stage 
pipeline assets (of which we are broadly similar to consensus), that doesn't remedy 
the Rexulti value drop from 2028 and still forecast a 2026-2030 -LSD CAGR sales 
decline. We downgrade our recommendation from HOLD to SELL, with a PT of 
DKK36 (18% downside to current price and 10% cut from prior DKK40 PT) based on 
a FY'27 PE of 6x: this is a ~66% discount to EU pharma SMID peer average and 
captures the risks LUN faces with a near-term patent cliff, elevated M&A risk and 
a forecast revenue decline.
Figure 1: Table of Contents
Top Stories
Page 01
Initiation
Page 03
Target Price Changes
Page 03
Company Updates
Page 04
Sector Updates
Page 05
Strategy / Economics
Page 06
Global Focus
Page 09
Source : Deutsche Bank
Figure 2: Initiation
Company
Rating
TP
Ticker
Medacta [Hold]
Hold
121.00
MOVE.S
Source : Deutsche Bank
Figure 3: Recommendation Changes
Company
Previous
New
Ticker
AstraZeneca [Hold]
Sell
Hold
AZN.L
Lundbeck [Sell]
Hold
Sell
HLUNb.CO
Source : Deutsche Bank
Jonathan Jayarajan
Associate Director Equity Research - EMEA 
Products
+44-20-754-76037
Deutsche Bank AG
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. Deutsche Bank does 
and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be aware that the firm may 
have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single 
factor in making their investment decision. 
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Europe  
 
 Strategy  
 European Daily 
Focus  
 Date  
 
Periodical
 
Tuesday, 15th Sep 2026
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 2]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
DHL GROUP (DHLn.DE) - Express delivery update - keep Buy
Jaime Rowbotham: Tgt EUR60 to EUR62. Last Close EUR55.84. Buy. On 8th July 
DHL revealed a knockout 2Q with the bulk of the beat coming in Express (~60% yoy 
EBIT growth), thanks to: (i) increased global supply chain pressures & tight air 
freight capacity driven by the ME conflict; and (ii) a boost to rev growth from a mix 
shift towards higher-weight industrial shipments & structural cost improvements. 
Anticipating a greater impact than previously envisaged from these factors in 2H, 
we raise our group EBIT forecast for 2026 to ~€7.2bn from ~€7bn (vs BBG cons. at 
~€6.9bn & DHL’s guidance for >€6.5bn). This Thursday we shall attend DHL’s 
Express Capital Markets briefing – the key message is likely to be further emphasis 
that the 2Q beat was not simply a windfall from the ME disruption. The most 
important strategic theme will likely be DHL’s attempt to expand Express beyond 
traditional parcels into time-critical, higher-weight industrial shipments (eg. 
aircraft parts, semiconductor & data centre equipment, and specialist 
manufacturing shipments) where customers value speed, customs clearance, 
guaranteed capacity and end-to-end visibility.
WIZZ AIR (WIZZ.L) - CMD Preview: Near-term tough; mid-term more interesting; 
maintain Hold
Jaime Rowbotham: Tgt 1200p to 1000p. Last Close 978p. Hold. This Thursday, we 
shall attend Wizz's CMD in London and expect details on how the group will try to 
cut out negative contribution flying over the near term. In spite of the these actions 
and as Wizz will have layered on additional fuel hedging since the last update, we 
nonetheless expect lower near-term profitability at current forward curve rates for 
unhedged jet fuel; we lower our estimates and target price accordingly. For FY27, 
our estimated net loss increases by 12% from -€480m to - €536m (BBG cons. -
€361m) and, for FY28, we move from a net loss of -€190m to -€250m (BBG cons. 
-€36m) this is despite assuming a 7% RASK improvement yoy. Leaving our 
valuation methodology unchanged, our target price moves from 1200p to 1000p. 
However, the market has been efficient and moved quickly to price in a weaker 
outlook for Wizz, hence, with 2% upside implied from yesterday's 978p close price, 
we reiterate our Hold recommendation.
THALES (TCFP.PA) - Feedback from Management dinner
Christophe Menard: Tgt EUR296. Last Close EUR226.8. Buy. Thales hosted a 
management dinner with sell-side analysts on September 14th, during which some 
messages were reiterated or conveyed: while no new financial details were 
disclosed, Management had a constructive tone on ongoing business 
developments in cyber, defence, air-defence and space, while displaying cautious 
confidence on the Bromo regulatory process. The company remains focused on 
execution, production scaling and strong order backlog conversion into revenue 
growth. Cybersecurity has returned to growth and remains a key profit driver, with 
EBIT margin still seen as potentially hitting 20% mid-term (vs. 14.1% in H1). 
Management highlighted strong momentum in the cyber business despite 
operating in a fragmented market and acknowledged that integrating the sales 
teams has proven more complex than initially expected.
GLOBAL AUTOMOTIVE - Reinventing the wheel(s)
Tim Rokossa: The global automotive industry will likely not look the same a decade 
from now. In yet another challenge, we see the industry at a crossroads to shake off 
the dust and reinvent or face potentially drastic consequences for its asset base and 
corporate structure. As global demand is only modestly growing and highly 
contested, flawless industrial execution, tight cost control/restructuring and 
Figure 4: Target Price Changes
Company Name
Previous
New
Chg (%)
AstraZeneca [Hold]
11500.00
11700.00
1.7
DHL Group [Buy]
60.00
62.00
3.3
Cerillion [Buy]
1400.00
1200.00
-14.3
GlobalData PLC [Buy]
170.00
98.00
-42.4
Lundbeck [Sell]
40.00
36.00
-10.0
Wizz Air [Hold]
1200.00
1000.00
-16.7
Source : Deutsche Bank
Figure 5: Upcoming DB Conferences
New York, NY
Sep 16 - 17, 2026
Virtual
Sep 23 - 24, 2026
Scottsdale, AZ
Sep 28 - 30, 2026
dbAccess Copper CEO Conference
Deutsche Bank’s 34th Annual Leveraged Finance 
Conference
2026 Healthcare Summit
Source : Deutsche Bank
Figure 6: Global Focus
REITs
Cap Rate Update: Have Rising Rates Begun To Erode Net Asset Value ?
Early Morning Reid
Macro Strategy
Source : Deutsche Bank
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 3]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
defending regional relevance/dominance remain the basis for competing. That 
said, companies are likely to look for growth in adjacent market and new 
opportunities. Defining a niche strategy or moving to become a larger 
conglomerate with additional humanoid, defence or space offerings seems the 
path forward. We believe that this piece represents a standard reference for the 
sector with a global perspective.
INITIATION
MEDACTA (MOVE.S) - Outgrowing the market, but not expectations - initiating 
with Hold
Jan Koch: Initiate with Hold, Tgt CHF121. Last Close CHF115.4. Medacta is a 
global orthopaedics company focused on joint replacement, sports medicine and 
spine surgery. Since its 2019 IPO, the company has consistently gained market 
share and delivered the fastest organic growth in hip and knee among the world's 
ten largest orthopaedics companies. We believe its innovation led approach and 
surgeon education platform should continue to support above-market growth. 
However, we believe market expectations underestimate both growth 
normalisation and the investment required to sustain future expansion. While 
Medacta's competitive advantages remain intact, sustaining its historical growth 
rates will become increasingly challenging as the business scales. In our view, 
consensus underestimates the degree of normalisation ahead, with our 2028 
organic sales, adj. EBITDA and EPS estimates 3%, 6% and 9% below consensus, 
respectively. Notably, 2026 represents a break from Medacta's historical beat-and 
raise pattern, as current guidance requires an acceleration in H2 growth.
TARGET PRICE CHANGES
CERILLION (CER.L) - Disappointment, but largely timing-based
Tintin Stormont: Tgt 1400p to 1200p. Last Close 885p. Buy. Cerillion issued a 
disappointing trading update, with FY26 revenue now expected in the range of £46-
48m vs DBe at £51.5m and consensus at £52.8m. Adjusted EBITDA margins are 
guided to 43-45%, implying adjusted EBITDA of £19.8- 21.6m compared with our 
previous £23.3m estimate. The range represents a 7- 15% shortfall against our 
forecast. Importantly, management stressed that major implementation 
programmes remain on track, with the UCom transformation project nearing 
completion and software installation at Omantel completed, while the order book, 
pipeline and cash position remain strong. The range provided reflects a few deals 
the group could possibly sign this month, with the revenue relating to licence sales.
GLOBALDATA PLC (DATA.L) - Updating post 1H26
Steve Liechti: Tgt 170p to 98p. Last Close 71.6p. Buy. We update forecasts for new 
more conservative DATA guidance for 2H, with lower forecast LFL revenue growth 
and margin ahead of the CFO change. The 1H results meeting was neutral at best 
in our view with focus on internal activity and proprietary data, but a lot of work/
positioning still to do (and prove), within a transformation plan that started in 2024. 
DATA references extensive operational management change/opex investment and 
points to good operational gearing if/ as revenue growth comes through, though we 
question whether some change is catch up post M&A led growth and low opex 
investment of the past. Remain Buy given value, but we cut our PT materially to 98p 
(170p before) given forecast downgrades and lower valuation multiples given the 
slower growth profile.
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 4]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
COMPANY UPDATES
SANOFI (SASY.PA) - Weekly retail Rx tracker
Emmanuel Papadakis: Tgt EUR95. Last Close EUR73.26. Buy. We provide our 
updated weekly tracker of Sanofi's US prescription trends with data up to 4th 
September 2026, including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data 
released on Monday. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: Assets maintain 
their trends from previous weeks. Extrapolation of current trends implies the 
following for FY26: We see DD upside for Dupixent, SD upside for Toujeo, and SD 
downside for Ayvakit/Lantus /Lovenox, vs cons, respectively.
NOVO NORDISK (NOVOb.CO) - Weekly retail Rx tracker
Emmanuel Papadakis: Tgt DKK265. Last Close DKK276.45. Sell. We provide our 
weekly IQVIA tracker of Novo’s GLP-1 assets. Data is up to 4th September, with NRx 
/TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data released Monday afternoon. Notable 
highs/lows/trend shifts this week: This week we continue to see a decline in NBRx 
trends for all the key GLP-1 drugs in obesity except Oral Wegovy. Rolling growth: 
Four-week rolling Ozempic and Wegovy SC growth for TRx/NRx is -6%/6% and 
+16%/+12 %. Extrapolation of current trends implies the following for FY26: We 
note DD upside for Ozempic and SD upside for SC Wegovy respectively. We see DD 
downside for Rybelsus and Oral Wegovy is in line with cons.
ASTRAZENECA (AZN.L) - Weekly retail Rx tracker
Emmanuel Papadakis: Tgt 11700p. Last Close 11708p. Hold. We provide our 
weekly IQVIA tracker of prescription trends for a selection of AZN's key assets with 
data up to 4th September 2026 including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and 
NBRx data released Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: 
We see assets maintaining their Rx trends this week. Extrapolation of current trends 
implies the following for FY26: We see Rx-implied variance of SD upside for Enhertu 
vs cons. We see SD downside for Symbicort/Tagrisso/Imfinzi/ Lynparza and DD 
downside for Farxiga vs cons. Calquence is broadly in line with cons.
GSK (GSK.L) - Weekly retail Rx tracker
Emmanuel Papadakis: Tgt 2000p. Last Close 1770.5p. Hold. We provide our 
weekly IQVIA tracker of prescription trends for a selection of GSK's key assets with 
data up to 4th September 2026, including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and 
NBRX data released Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: 
Assets maintain their trends from the previous week. Rolling growth: For 4-week 
rolling growth, GSK HIV TRx and NRx are flat/-2%, respectively, with NBRx +1%. 
Extrapolation of current trends implies the following for FY26: Rx implied sales vs 
cons are at SD upside for Cabenuva/Apretude/Nucala/ Seretide, and SD downside 
for Dovato/Shingrix/Trelegy, respectively. Triumeq is broadly in line with cons.
NOVARTIS (NOVN.S) - Weekly retail Rx tracker
Emmanuel Papadakis: Tgt CHF120. Last Close CHF112.04. Hold. We provide our 
weekly IQVIA tracker of prescription trends for a selection of Novartis' key assets 
with data up to 04thSeptember 2026, including NRx/TRx data released on Friday 
and NBRx data released Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this 
week: Assets maintain their trends from previous weeks. Extrapolation of current 
trends implies the following for FY26: We see DD upside vs cons for Leqvio/
Scemblix, SD upside for Promacta/Kisqali/ Kesimpta and SD downside for Entresto/
Cosentyx respectively.
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 5]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
SMITH & NEPHEW (SN.L) - Read-across from potential J&J ortho sale
Kane Slutzkin: Tgt 1250p. Last Close 1008.5p. Hold. Apollo is reportedly in talks to 
acquire DePuy Synthes, J&J's Orthopaedics business, for c.$20bn. We see a 
positive read-across for S+N, highlighting investor appetite for scaled orthopaedics 
assets. DePuy generated c.$9.3bn of sales in 2025, making it the third-largest 
orthopaedics business globally, and J&J had previously flagged a potential spin-off. 
The emergence of private equity as a frontrunner is therefore notable, broadening 
the pool of potential acquirers for scaled medtech assets. While a standalone 
DePuy could become a more focused competitor over time, the more immediate 
implication is focus on the strategic value of orthopaedics franchises. Against that 
backdrop, we expect the announcement to be viewed positively by those focused 
on the value-unlocking potential of portfolio simplification at S+N, a debate that has 
received increased attention since Cevian began building its 14% stake.
SECTOR UPDATES
DB MEDIA & ONLINE #WHAT'S APPENING - Data/H1, WPP/Coca-Cola, Vend/
Pre Q3 update, Hemnet/Aug trading, Baltic Classified
Gareth Davies: Global Data (Buy, last close: 71.60p): 1H figures as forecasted but 
FY warning based on slower revenue growth and lower margin. Expect double-digit 
consensus downgrades. While DATA continues to invest in sales, AI and internal 
transformation, this is not working through to growth. Outlook/downgrades – LFL 
revenue growth is more muted than DATA expected (a continuing recent theme for 
the group), with FY revenue now expected at the bottom end of the consensus 
range but profit/margin more materially lower, given ongoing investment vs slow 
growth; margin now in line with 1H. DATA supplied revenue consensus range is 
£325-336m vs our forecast of £330m (LFL +1.5%).
EU PHARMACEUTICALS - Weekly SMID Tracker
Emmanuel Papadakis: To track weekly US trends for small to mid-cap companies, 
we present sales/unit volume data for key assets in the US through 04thSeptember 
2026, which became available Monday afternoon. We also provide NBRx/NRx/TRx 
prescription data for the respective assets. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this 
week: We see assets maintaining their Rx trends this week. IQVIA extrapolating 
trends: For Rx-implied vs cons we note DD upside for Vyvgart/Quviviq/Nemluvio/
Vyepti/Rexulti and SD downside for Bimzelx respectively vs cons respectively.
EU PHARMACEUTICALS - Weekly US Biosimilars Tracker (IQVIA)
Niall Alexander: To track weekly US Biosimilar trends with greater granularity, we 
present weekly sales/prescription data for key biosimilar products, which is up to 
4th September 2026, with TRx data released on Friday and sales data released 
Monday. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: Assets maintain their trends 
from previous weeks. Based on available Rx data for Immunology biosimilar 
ustekinumab, market penetration is c.73%. However, this excludes data from 
private label products. SDZ continues to lead the denosumab biosimilar launch.
EU PHARMACEUTICALS - Weekly US hospital/Roche tracker (IQVIA)
Emmanuel Papadakis: To track weekly US institutional trends (oncology, 
biosimilars) with greater granularity, we present weekly institutional sales/unit 
volume data for key innovative and biosimilar assets in the US as of 4th September 
2026, available Monday pm (we track NBRx/NRx/TRx prescription data in our retail 
trackers). Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: Assets maintain their trends 
from previous weeks. Extrapolation of current trends implies the following for FY26: 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 6]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG
We note SD upside for Actemra and DD upside for Hemlibra/Perjeta vs consensus 
with SD downside vs consensus for Vabysmo/Tecentriq/Ocrevus respectively.
EU PHARMACEUTICALS - Weekly US Vaccine Tracker (IQVIA/Symphony)
Emmanuel Papadakis: To track weekly US vaccine trends with greater granularity, 
we present weekly sales/prescription data for key vaccine products, which is up to 
04th September 2026, with NRx/TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data 
released Monday afternoon. We continue to report COVID/flu data in our vaccines 
tracker and provide prescription data for pediatric vaccines (including boosters and 
MMR), meningitis/pneumococcal and cervical/HPV vaccines as they relate to GSK 
and SAN (and competitors MRK and PFE). Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this 
week: Seasonal vaccines are declining in line with seasonal trends.
EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE - Weekly Valuation Snapshot
Thomas Rothaeusler: Included here is the weekly valuation and performance 
snapshot of our Continental European and UK coverage universe. The Continental 
Europe REITs sector is currently trading at a ~31% NTA discount for 2026e, and the 
UK is trading at a ~21% discount. P/E is averaging 12.7x for our European coverage, 
against a 5Y industry average of 14.0x and 10Y average of 15.6x, while our UK 
coverage P/E is averaging 16.3x, against a 5Y industry average of 16.6x and 10Y 
average of 17.7x.
EXPERT CALL - What Happens to the IT Services Model in an AI World?
Nooshin Nejati: We are hosting an expert call with Chase Edwards, Head of AI 
Forward Deployed Engineering (AI FDE) EMEA at Databricks, to discuss how AI is 
reshaping the economics of technology delivery and what that could mean for IT 
services, software, and the broader technology sector. The call will take place on 23 
September at 3:00pm CET / 2:00pm BST / 9:00am ET and will last one hour. 
Investors will have the opportunity to ask questions during the call or submit 
questions in advance. Questions can be submitted at any time ahead of the event.
SEMIS SKIMMED - Tracking the tightness: Sep 2026
Robert Sanders: In partnership with dbDataInsights, we have been conducting a 
weekly scrape of chip pricing of mainly analog/discrete/MCU components sold into 
the distributor channel (>1,500 SKUs). During September, the trend remains 
positive - mature chip pricing trending upwards as shortage conditions prevail in 
specific, lagging-edge categories, albeit overall tightness is not pervasive as in 
2021/22. Price increases continue to be significant in parts of analog (via TI/ADI), 
while it is notable that many mature foundries are raising pricing into 2027, price 
increases that are likely to be passed on. As per Fusion, Infineon supply constraints 
are also set to persist into 2027, while core MCU and sensor categories at ST Micro 
are seeing extended lead times (to 40-50 weeks). Passives (eg MLCCs) have entered 
shortage conditions.
STRATEGY / ECONOMICS
CHINA MACRO - Rebound Falls Short in August
Yi Xiong: August data indicate that the K-shaped divergence in China’s economy 
persisted. Exports expanded further and supported a recovery in industrial output, 
while domestic consumption of goods and services both softened. Investment 
growth remained sluggish, with infrastructure investment continuing to contract at 
a double-digit pace. Our model estimates that August growth edged up by 0.1 
percentage point to 4.2%, still below the lower bound of the government’s 4.5%–
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 7]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 7
5% target. Meanwhile, weak domestic demand pushed the unemployment rate up 
by 0.1 percentage point to 5.3%, leaving less headroom below the government’s 
5.5% ceiling.
CHINA MACRO - Fiscal Tracker: spending to improve in August
Deyun Ou: We introduce a new DB Fiscal Spending Indicator to track China’s fiscal 
stance. The indicator combines three high-frequency measures—government 
construction tender announcements, net government bond issuance, and 
government land-sale revenue—to predict monthly fiscal spending. Our back 
testing shows that this indicator has tracked the official fiscal spending well since 
2019, with an R-squared of 0.5. The indicator suggests fiscal spending likely 
improved in August. The indicator rose by 3 percentage points in August, from -2% 
to 1% YoY.
FED NOTES - Rising bond yields and the Fed: September FOMC survey results
Matthew Luzzetti: This note summarizes responses to our pre-FOMC investor 
survey. Regarding the importance of various factors in explaining the recent rise in 
US long-term bond yields, respondents placed the most importance on elevated 
concerns on inflation, with 56% viewing inflation risk as “very important” and 36% 
viewing it as “moderately important”. Uncertainty around the policy rate, fiscal 
considerations, and higher Fed policy rate expectations followed closely behind.
LATAM THEMATIC RESEARCH - Brazil elections primer | A scenario analysis
Beatriz Garcia Nunes: Brazil's general election on October 4, with a likely 
presidential runoff on October 25, is a major event for markets. Pres. Lula is leading 
the polls ahead of Sen. Flávio Bolsonaro, but his lead narrowed in recent weeks. For 
Congress, polls suggest that both Senate and the Lower House will be centrist, 
tilted to the right. Regardless of the election outcome, the fiscal situation will 
remain the main concern for markets. The government will face a very fragmented 
political landscape, which will make executing a substantial fiscal adjustment 
challenging.
THE CURRENCY BOOK - The Currency Book
George Saravelos: With trillions of dollars, euros and yen changing hands every 
day, foreign exchange is indisputably the largest and most liquid financial market 
in the world. Yet despite its size, the currency market is also one of the least 
understood. Unlike bonds or equities, there is no widely accepted framework for 
explaining currency moves, which reflect a complex interplay of macroeconomics, 
capital flows, investor behaviour and (geo)politics. Over the past two decades, 
advances in technology and market structure have transformed how currencies are 
traded, placing FX at the forefront of broader changes in global finance. Yet because 
currencies sit at the intersection of national economies, the FX market is also 
fundamentally connected to international trade and cross-border capital flows. It is 
therefore increasingly exposed to the forces reshaping the global economic 
landscape—from geopolitical fragmentation and changing trade relationships to 
shifts in regulation, payments infrastructure and the architecture of the 
international monetary system.
THEMATIC RESEARCH - AI doom: A brief history of bad tech predictions
Adrian Cox: It takes guts to do what Bob Metcalfe did. After wrongly predicting in 
an article in 1995 that the internet would go “spectacularly supernova” and collapse 
in 1996, the co-inventor of Ethernet and founder of 3Com then pulped a copy of the 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 8]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG
article in a blender and drank it at a conference in 1997 as a way to eat his words. 
The latest tech predictions are about no less than an AI apocalypse. Various tech 
leaders spent the weekend warning of catastrophic but not fully specified risks if it 
is not contained. Yet history suggests that even the greatest minds of their 
generations have a poor record in predicting what tech is coming down the line, let 
alone what its effects will be in the real world. The stakes could not be higher – not 
just the future of life itself but, in the shorter term, the future of a historic boom that 
depends on hype turning into reality.
WEBINAR - Brazil Elections: What to Expect, How to Position
Beatriz Garcia Nunes: Ahead of the October general elections in Brazil, we will hold 
a webinar on Thursday, September 17th, at 10:00am NY / 3:00pm LDN / 4:00pm 
CEST / 7:00am PDT featuring our LatAm Research and Brazil trading team to 
discuss the election outlook and implications for markets.
WEBINAR - USD rates outlook ahead of the September FOMC meeting
Matthew Luzzetti: We are hosting a Zoom Webinar on Wednesday, September 
16th at 10:30am ET, on the USD rates outlook ahead of the September FOMC 
meeting. The discussion will be followed by a Q&A session.
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 9]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 9
GLOBAL FOCUS
REITS - Cap Rate Update: Have Rising Rates Begun To Erode Net Asset 
Value ?
Omotayo Okusanya: CBRE recently published its 1H26 cap rate survey across 
major REIT property types like Office, Industrial, Multifamily and Retail (Strips). 
While the survey does not reflect the sharp increase in 10-year yields over the past 
~60 days or so, it does reflect the impact of generally rising rates in 1H26 vs. 2025. 
As such, we were not surprised to see a general trend of cap rate expansion across 
these major property types in 1H26, with cap rate expansion particularly 
pronounced in Multifamily given these assets already trade at relatively low cap 
rates. We thus see the greatest risk of downside to NAV estimates within the 
Multifamily REIT sector, with more expansion in cap rates for East Coast markets 
(most exposed – VMRK & UDR) in 1H26 vs. West Coast and Sunbelt. Multifamily 
REIT stocks have participated in the recent rate-driven sell-off, with the market 
appearing to price in that NAV discounts may not be tangible (i.e. NAV estimates are 
too high) as rates rise.
EARLY MORNING REID - Macro Strategy
Jim Reid: As I continue to bravely soldier on through manflu, markets have started 
the week with a few notable coughs and splutters as inflationary fears and talk of 
an AI slowdown have led to a difficult 24 hours. Although the weekend talk was all 
about AI, the broader market driver was a fresh rise in energy prices, with Brent 
crude (+1.02%) closing at $105.68/bbl, and back above $107 this morning, while 
European natural gas futures (+3.83%) hit their highest since 2022. So that pushed 
bond yields to multi-year highs, and we even saw the 10yr Treasury yield (+2.0bps 
to 4.99%) move above 5% in trading for the first time since 2023. It's back above that 
level in Asia as I type. The 5% threshold alone would have been a newsworthy day, 
but we simultaneously saw a huge slump for chip stocks given the AI slowdown 
headlines, with the Philly semiconductor index (-5.86%) posting its worst day since 
July.
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 10]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 10
Deutsche Bank AG
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, 
and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary 
subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on 
our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, 
important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. 
Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view 
in this report. Jonathan Jayarajan.
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 11]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 11
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
 
 
Equity Rating and Dispersion Key
 The Equity Rating Dispersion Chart depicts the following:
 
 The proportion of recommendations that are rated "buy", "sell" and "hold" over the previous 12 months. This is shown for 
securities issued in the stated region e.g. "Europe Universe". See rating definitions below. This is represented by the 
"Companies Covered" bars in the chart. The percentage value displayed above the bar is the proportion as a percentage. 
E.g. 50% above the “buy” / “Companies Covered” bar means that 50% of DB’s equity research covered companies over 
the past 12 months  have a “buy” rating.
 
 Next to each of the three respective bars showing the proportion of "buy", "sell" and "hold" recommendations we provide 
two additional bars to show:
 
 - The proportion of "buy", "sell" or "hold recommendations where Deutsche Bank and or/Affiliates provided MIFID 
Investment or Ancillary Services in the past 12 months. This is represented in the "MIFID Investment and Ancillary 
Services" bar. The percentage value displayed above the bar shows the proportion of Companies Covered with the given 
rating where DB has also provided MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services in the past 12 months. E.g. 50% above the 
“Cos. w/ MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services” bar means 50% of the Companies Covered with the rating stated have 
also received MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services from DB.
 
 - The proportion of "buy" (or "sell" or "hold) recommendations where Deutsche Bank and or/Affiliates has provided 
Investment Banking services in the past 12 months for which it has received compensation. The percentage value 
displayed above the bar shows the proportion of Companies Covered with the stated rating where DB has also provided 
Investment Banking services in the past 12 months. E.g. 50% above the “Cos. w/ Investment Banking relationship” bar 
means 50% of the Companies Covered with the rating stated also have an Investment Banking Relationship with DB.
 
 
 Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of TSR, we recommend that investors buy the stock.
 
 Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
 
 Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and, based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a 
Buy or Sell. 
 
 TSR = Total Shareholder Return. Percentage change in share price from current price to projected target price plus 
projected dividend yield
 
 Newly issued research recommendations and target prices supersede previously published research. 
 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 12]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 12
Deutsche Bank AG
Additional Information 
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche 
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be 
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this 
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the 
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or 
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as 
principal for its own account or as agent for another person. 
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account 
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank, 
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research 
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from 
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or 
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts 
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading 
and principal trading revenues. 
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not 
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity 
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have 
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for 
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the 
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst 
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks 
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with 
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally 
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has 
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate 
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and 
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole 
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular 
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or 
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a 
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and 
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to 
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a 
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude 
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous 
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from 
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in the preparation of this 
material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, content drafting and editorial 
corrections pertaining to research material.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our 
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our 
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer. 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay 
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases 
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the 
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in 
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to 
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets 
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency 
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are 
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by 
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in 
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables 
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating 
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. 
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 13]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 13
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness 
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their 
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and 
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss 
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable 
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to 
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an 
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document. If you are unable to access the website, please contact 
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange 
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes 
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could 
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an 
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the ‘Disclosures' tab. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser, 
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in 
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your 
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other 
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient 
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation 
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type, 
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision. 
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of 
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment 
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this 
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst 
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made 
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a 
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts 
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts 
with FINRA. 
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and 
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields, 
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent 
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request. 
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch except for any research content relating to futures 
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures 
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The 
author(s) of a research report , and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, may not be licensed to carry on 
regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set 
out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, 
including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. 
This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional 
investors.
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 14]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Page 14
Deutsche Bank AG
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered 
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is 
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437; 
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: 
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: 
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of 
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all 
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for 
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject 
company.  With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-
equities-india/index?language_id=1.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in 
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction 
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price 
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services. 
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result 
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial 
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless 
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by 
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the 
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period. 
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number 
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10). 
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. 
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert 
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility 
to such person for its contents. 
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently 
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be 
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. 
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the 
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or 
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority. 
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business 
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King 
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial 
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank 
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority. 
Australia and New Zealand:  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 15]
15 September 2026
European Daily Focus
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 15
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where 
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement, 
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In 
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact 
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use 
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management, 
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses 
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from 
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value 
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.  
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record 
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested 
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also 
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, 
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that 
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other 
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading 
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or 
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results 
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the 
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention. 
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of 
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG 
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within 
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in 
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of 
Deutsche Bank AG. It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit 
the ability to participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective 
and other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be 
lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the 
investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance 
standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet 
expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA


[Page 16]
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
COO and Head of Fixed
Income Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of Macro and
Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of
Sustainability and Data
Innovation, Research
Robin Winkler
Head of German Macro
Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM &
APAC Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates
Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX
Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
Nilendra de-Mel
Head of APAC & Middle
East Product
Development
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce 
Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Singapur
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower,
Singapore 048583
TeL: +65 6423 8001
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
