[Page 1]
DB - Thematic Research - The revenge of the supply-side: 
A new economic regime 
 
For the full report, please go to the Deutsche Bank Research Institute (link here). 
Back in the 2010s, macroeconomic policy was preoccupied by insufficient demand. In historical terms, it 
was an unusual period of low inflation and low interest rates, where supply-side issues were considered 
peripheral. If anything, it went almost unquestioned that the supply side of the economy would scale up to 
meet higher demand. 
But in the 2020s so far, we’re back in a supply-driven world. Growth has been constrained as much by supply 
shortages as deficient demand. This year alone, we’ve seen major consequences from the closure of the 
Strait of Hormuz, with ramifications for oil prices, inflation and economic growth. 
This macro regime shift, where supply rather than demand is the bigger issue, is a tricky environment to 
navigate, and renders much of the 2010s playbook redundant: 
• 
First, inflation spikes will occur more frequently in a supply-constrained world, as there isn’t the 
spare economic capacity to meet higher demand. 
• 
Second, monetary stimulus also becomes less effective in this environment, as traditional demand-
side monetary tools can’t deal with the direct cause of supply shocks. 
• 
Third, fiscal stimulus in a supply-constrained environment becomes much more inflationary and is 
more likely to crowd out private investment. 
Looking forward, the return to a supply-driven world means that the primary issue for policymakers will be 
expanding the productive frontier of the economy. After years where insufficient demand was the main 
preoccupation, the future of growth now rests on a supply-side expansion that can raise living standards 
across the board. 
To see the full report, please go to the Deutsche Bank Research Institute (link here). 
New York Fed's Global Supply Chain Pressure Index - the extent of supply-chain pressure in recent years 
has been very high relative to the previous couple of decades 


[Page 2]
 
Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank 
 
