[Page 1]
DB CoTD: Groundhog Month 
 
 
Whether it’s AI doomerism or the prospect of a renewed energy shock, September 2026 is increasingly 
following its well-established seasonal script. 
Today’s CoTD comes from my pack last week “ The Home Straight ” (link here) and shows that, regardless 
of the time horizon examined — the last 100 years, 50 years, 20 years, 10 years or even just the last five years 
— September has consistently been the weakest month of the year for markets. Midterm years appear to be 
even weaker than average. 
There is no obvious explanation for this pattern, with lots of spurious ones. Perhaps it has become partly self-
fulfilling, but the consistency of the trend makes it difficult to dismiss. 
That said, October and November are seasonally strong months, particularly in midterm years, as the chart 
highlights. 
This is why it is always difficult to interpret market weakness at this time of year. In reality, much of the recent 
softness across global markets appears to be more energy-related than either seasonally driven or even AI-
related. As a result, markets are likely to remain heavily influenced by the direction of energy prices. Ahead of 
the midterms, the US administration will probably be reluctant to see the situation deteriorate further, 


[Page 2]
although there are actors on the other side of the Middle East conflict who may seek to exploit that 
constraint. 
Taken together, it makes for a complicated backdrop heading into the midterms, overlaid on an already 
challenging seasonal period. But are the prospects of a seasonal rebound ahead enough to prevent too many 
shorts or profit-takers now? 
We have new pieces on the Deutsche Bank Research Institute (DBRI) overnight. 1) A piece from Adrian Cox 
here on the latest AI doomerism, and framing it in terms of bad tech predictions in the past and 2) A piece 
here from Henry Allen on the implications of the world moving to a supply-driven world. There's lots more 
new research on the site from September so far. So while it might be a seasonally soft month for markets, its 
proving to be a productive month for the DBRI! 
 
