[Page 1]
 
Deutsche Bank 
Research Institute 
 
 
 
The revenge of the supply-side:  
A new economic regime 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Important research disclosures located in Appendix 1 
 
1 
Authors 
Henry Allen 
Strategist 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September 14, 2026 
Back in the 2010s, macroeconomic policy was preoccupied by insufficient 
demand. In historical terms, it was an unusual period of low inflation and low 
interest rates, where supply-side issues were considered peripheral. If anything, 
it went almost unquestioned that the supply side of the economy would scale up 
to meet higher demand. 
But in the 2020s so far, we’re back in a supply-driven world. Growth has been 
constrained as much by supply shortages as deficient demand. This year alone, 
we’ve seen major consequences from the closure of the Strait of Hormuz, with 
ramifications for oil prices, inflation and economic growth. 
This macro regime shift, where supply rather than demand is the bigger issue, is 
a tricky environment to navigate, and renders much of the 2010s playbook 
redundant: 
— First, inflation spikes will occur more frequently in a supply-constrained 
world, as there isn’t the spare economic capacity to meet higher 
demand. 
— Second, monetary stimulus also becomes less effective in this 
environment, as traditional demand-side monetary tools can’t deal with 
the direct cause of supply shocks. 
— Third, fiscal stimulus in a supply-constrained environment becomes 
much more inflationary and is more likely to crowd out private 
investment. 
Looking forward, the return to a supply-driven world means that the primary 
issue for policymakers will be expanding the productive frontier of the economy. 
After years where insufficient demand was the main preoccupation, the future of 
growth now rests on a supply-side expansion that can raise living standards 
across the board. 
 
 
 


[Page 2]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
The paradigm shift in thinking: How the biggest economic 
problem moved from demand to supply
The legacy of the Global Financial Crisis led to a world of demand deficiency
In 2008, the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) marked the worst economic contraction 
since the Great Depression of the 1930s. Unemployment rose to multi-decade 
highs and the subsequent recovery was very sluggish, despite huge economic 
stimulus on a scale previously unheard of in peacetime. This slow recovery was 
clear in numerous ways, but an obvious one was that the US unemployment rate 
didn’t return to its pre-GFC low until 2017, a full decade later. Meanwhile in the 
Eurozone, it didn’t happen until February 2020, just as the pandemic then sent it 
higher once again.
This was a world where deficient demand was the main preoccupation of 
macroeconomic policymaking. Indeed, the Depression-era concept of “secular 
stagnation” made a comeback, in which the equilibrium interest rate consistent 
with full employment was negative. In this world, the constraints of the zero lower 
bound on monetary policy would make it very difficult to get to full employment.
This demand deficiency manifested itself in persistent inflation undershoots. 
Throughout the 2010s, both the Federal Reserve and the ECB missed their 2% 
inflation targets on the downside. Policy rates remained close to the zero lower 
bound, and long-term market interest rates also moved continuously lower. Even 
before the pandemic, Germany’s 10-year bund yield fell to -0.7% in summer 2019. 
In this environment of negative yields, borrowing was basically a “free lunch”.
At the time, there were genuine fears about a permanent low-growth trap. Indeed, 
when the Covid-19 pandemic began and another economic contraction was 
underway, there were initially concerns that deflationary pressures would intensify 
further. For instance, the 10-year US inflation swap (a market-based measure of 
expectations for US CPI over the next decade) fell to just 0.81% in March 2020. 
Investors genuinely thought that low inflation and low interest rates were likely to 
persist for the decade ahead as well, and the 10-year Treasury yield closed at a 
record low of 0.51% in August 2020.
This fear of deficient demand informed the policy response to Covid-19. The 
stimulus packages went well beyond those seen in the GFC. For instance, no time 
was lost in slashing rates back to the zero lower bound, and the fiscal deficits went 
far above anything previously seen in peacetime. In fact, the US federal deficit stood 
at -14.5% of GDP in 2020, the biggest since 1945. And with much of the global 
economy locked down for months, consumers accumulated huge “excess 
savings” as they couldn’t spend on their normal activities.
The pandemic was the turning point towards a world of supply constraints
With hindsight, we can see that all this stimulus and the accumulation of excess 
savings created a huge demand surge, just as the global economy was 
experiencing major supply-chain issues as it reopened:
n
The lockdown periods saw a big rotation in spending away from services 
(like dining out, travel, gym memberships) towards durable goods (like 
home office equipment, electronics, exercise equipment). This 
overwhelmed existing supply chains.
n
Pandemic-related disruption led to major issues with shipping. A severe 


[Page 3]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
shortage of containers led freight rates to rise more than 5-fold at their peak.
n
Labour markets were disrupted, as many took early retirement during the 
pandemic or changed occupations. Companies therefore had to raise 
wages to compete for a smaller pool of workers.
n
Commodity prices also surged in this period, particularly energy. The 
pandemic period saw producers cut back on drilling and exploration. But 
this meant it was more difficult to dial up supply when demand started to 
rise again, and energy prices surged back, with Brent crude oil moving 
above its pre-pandemic levels in mid-to-late 2021.
These supply constraints marked a major shift from the environment of the 2010s. 
Back then, it was almost an unquestioned assumption that the supply-side of the 
economy would scale up to meet demand. Inflation had been low and the most 
obvious signs of supply-side stress were not apparent. But now the reverse was 
true, and inflation was gathering pace again.
Initially, many argued that this burst of inflation would prove temporary. They 
argued it was down to one-off factors like the pandemic and the subsequent 
reopening. Moreover, there was a view that the longer-term disinflationary forces 
of the previous 30 years would still reassert themselves. But by late-2021, it was 
clear that the combination of huge stimulus, the drawdown of excess savings, and 
serious supply-side disruption had created more inflation than anticipated. By 
December 2021, US CPI had risen to its highest level since 1982, at 7.0%, whilst 
Eurozone CPI was at its highest since 1991, at 5.0%.
Figure 1: Bloomberg consensus forecasts for US CPI
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
Q4-20
Q2-21
Q4-21
Q2-22
Q4-22
Q2-23
Q4-23
Dec-20
Mar-21
Jun-21
Sep-21
Dec-21
Mar-22
Jun-22
Sep-22
Dec-22
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 2: Bloomberg consensus forecasts for Eurozone 
CPI
-1
1
3
5
7
9
11
-1
1
3
5
7
9
11
Q4-20
Q2-21
Q4-21
Q2-22
Q4-22
Q2-23
Q4-23
Dec-20
Mar-21
Jun-21
Sep-21
Dec-21
Mar-22
Jun-22
Sep-22
Dec-22
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
The transition to a supply-constrained world accelerated dramatically in early 2022 
with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Energy prices rose significantly, and European 
industry was forced to decouple from Russian gas. Meanwhile, the blockade of 
Ukraine’s Black Sea ports restricted the supply of agricultural commodities like 
wheat and corn, driving food prices higher still.
This sent inflation even higher, up to multi-decade highs around the world. US CPI 
inflation peaked at 9.1% in June 2022, and Eurozone CPI peaked at 10.6% in 
October 2022. This was the context in which central banks launched into the most 
aggressive rate hikes in a generation. Over 2022-23, the Federal Reserve hiked rates 
by 525bps, and the ECB delivered 450bps.


[Page 4]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
These supply issues persisted long after the pandemic-related issues were over
Yet even as the worst of that inflation wave passed, the 2023-24 period kept 
demonstrating how supply-side disruptions could lead to wider economic 
problems. For instance, attacks from the Houthi rebels in the Red Sea forced major 
shipping lines to reroute away from the Suez Canal around the Cape of Good Hope, 
adding over a week to the length of trips. Meanwhile, an El Nino-induced drought 
meant transit capacity through the Panama Canal fell 30%, forcing ships to wait in 
long queues or reroute instead. And in Europe, repeated summer heatwaves have 
lowered the Rhine’s water levels, disrupting industrial barges and affecting 
industries like chemicals and steel.
Figure 3: Drewry World Container Index Composite Index 
(USD per 40 Foot Box)
0
2000
4000
6000
8000
10000
12000
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Figure 4: Rhine Water levels at Kaub (metres)
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
2020
2022
2024
2026
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
More broadly, the other shift in the post-pandemic period was the growing use of 
strategic industrial policy, particularly as governments sought to boost domestic 
manufacturing capacity. For instance, the US passed the Inflation Reduction Act 
under the Biden administration, which encouraged clean energy investments, as 
well as the CHIPS Act, which sought to boost semiconductor manufacturing. Tariffs 
also became a more enduring feature of the landscape, and the Biden 
administration hiked tariffs on Chinese imports, with those on EVs up from 25% to 
100%, whilst semiconductors rose from 25% to 50%.
Then under the second Trump administration, tariffs became an even bigger part of 
the policy toolkit, with the US effective tariff rate surging from 2.6% beforehand to 
a peak of 23% in April 2025, before settling around 11% currently. Several different 
measures were introduced, but the macro impacts were clear. In particular, there 
was a major wave of front-loading of imports in Q1 2025, as those trading 
internationally sought to get ahead of the announcements. Indeed, the surge in 
imports meant US GDP contracted slightly in Q1 2025. Moreover, other countries 
moved to respond, and not just with tariffs of their own. For instance, China 
introduced export controls on rare earths.
Whilst 2025 was dominated by tariffs, 2026 then brought a fresh supply shock for 
the global economy with the closure of the Strait of Hormuz. Previously, around 
25% of the world’s seaborne oil trade had gone through the Strait, including nearly 
15 million barrels per day of crude oil. But the start of the US-Iran conflict led the 
Strait of Hormuz to close, and six months later only limited traffic is still able to pass 
through. This led to another supply shock, with Brent crude oil prices moving back 


[Page 5]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
above $100/bbl, whilst European natural gas futures also reached their highest 
levels since late-2022. Yet again, the biggest global economic disruption of the year 
to date has been a supply shock, rather than a demand one.
Figure 5: US Effective Tariff Rate (%) with projected 
postsubstitution rate from the Yale Budget Lab
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
1901
1926
1951
1976
2001
2026
Source : Haver Analytics,The Budget Lab at Yale, Deutsche Bank
Figure 6: Strait of Hormuz Tanker Vessel Crossings
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
Jul-25
Oct-25
Jan-26
Apr-26
Jul-26
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank
Types of supply shocks
Broadly speaking, we can distinguish between three sorts of supply shocks, 
although there can be considerable overlap between these categories.
1. Temporary supply shocks that have a short-term economic impact. 
Example: low river levels blocking a key trade route.
The first category of supply shocks are those that have a temporary impact on the 
economy. Examples include the blockage of the Suez Canal in 2021 when the Ever 
Given container ship ran aground, or a drought that causes river levels to fall and 
means fewer ships can get through key waterways.
These are supply shocks that temporarily remove capacity, but then see a bounce 
back to “normal”, broadly speaking. For instance, a drought is hopefully not 
repeated, and when river levels return to normal, supply can resume again.
For the economy, this means the longer-term consequences are also limited. The 
inflation impact is mean-reverting, and output recovers, often in a V-shape. These 
are the sort of shocks that central banks are usually able to “look through”, because 
they don’t cause permanent structural damage to the economy.
2.Medium-term supply shocks that can last several years, with a clear economic 
impact. 
Example: the closure of the Strait of Hormuz.
These kinds of shocks are often driven by geopolitical events or policy decisions, 
and are longer-lasting shocks which do not have a quick solution. A good example 
is the current closure of the Strait of Hormuz, but we have seen many in recent years. 
In theory, these shocks can end, but their length is uncertain and they have material 
economic impacts. An increase in tariffs also fits into this category, as it forces an 
adjustment in trade flows, even if they can be reversed in theory.


[Page 6]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG
A good example of this kind of supply shock is the 1973 oil shock. Back in 1973, the 
oil embargo by OAPEC led oil prices to nearly quadruple, and they remained at that 
higher level for years after. It wasn’t simply a temporary adjustment that normalised 
again.
Unlike the short-term shocks, these medium-term shocks can force a permanent 
rerouting of trade flows and supply chains. Moreover, they can push inflation higher 
for an extended period and are more likely to filter through into core inflation 
categories. And because they are not temporary shocks that quickly adjust, 
policymakers can’t “look through” them as easily. As such, central banks aren’t 
able to accommodate the shock, and often have to hike rates to clamp down on the 
resulting inflation, as we saw in 2022.
3.Structural supply trends that affect the longer-term growth rate. 
Example: Demographic trends.
This category includes the long-term forces on the supply side that affect the 
economy’s growth rate. A good example are demographics and the current 
situation of ageing populations. Another example are the multi-decade processes 
of globalization and deglobalization.
These are factors that can permanently shift the productive frontier of the economy. 
For example, the current situation of ageing populations means that a smaller 
proportion of the population are of working-age, meaning that labour forces are 
shrinking. As a result, that constrains the growth rate of potential GDP, meaning 
that more growth must come from higher productivity rather than a larger number 
of workers.
These shifting trends can lead to permanent changes in so-called r*, which is the 
equilibrium interest rate where full employment is achieved – a level that neither 
stimulates nor restricts economic activity. In other words, these factors are capable 
of shifting the economy’s potential growth rate, at which it can grow sustainably 
without generating inflationary pressures.
What happened the last time the supply-side dominated: 
Lessons from the 1970s
As we consider the return of the supply side, it’s worth bearing in mind this is far 
from the first time that supply shocks have dominated the landscape. Back in the 
1970s, the biggest economic shocks of that decade were also supply driven.
That decade saw two huge oil shocks in 1973 and 1979. In the first, the Organization 
of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries (OAPEC) placed an embargo on several 
countries, including the United States, in retaliation for their support for Israel in the 
Yom Kippur War. This caused oil prices to nearly quadruple, triggering a recession 
across multiple countries that began in late 1973. Then in 1979, a second oil shock 
occurred around the time of the Iranian Revolution. That coincided with a big 
decline in Iran’s oil output, before the Iran-Iraq War in 1980 led to further production 
declines for both countries. As a result, oil prices more than doubled again.
To be fair, there were other demand-side and supply-side shocks that meant 
inflation got out of hand in the 1970s. But the two oil shocks were the single biggest 
factors, and created a stagflationary environment in which inflation accelerated 


[Page 7]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 7
and growth slowed.
Figure 7: WTI Oil Prices ($/bbl) in real terms
0
50
100
150
200
1962
1972
1982
1992
2002
2012
2022
First Oil Shock
Second Oil Shock
GFC
Gulf War
Covid-19
2022 
energy 
crisis
2000s 
energy 
crisis
Today
Source : Finaeon, Deutsche Bank
This experience is instructive for today, as the 1970s demonstrated how a repeated 
set of supply shocks could act in a cumulative way. After all, even if the textbook 
response is to “look through” a temporary supply shock, a series of consecutive 
shocks can suddenly feel very permanent when they happen one-after-another. 
That continuous disruption can then cause inflation expectations to become 
unanchored, risking the kind of dynamics that trigger wage-price spirals. Indeed, 
much as economists can focus on “core inflation” that excludes food and energy 
prices, these are essential goods that are difficult to substitute away from, and play 
a key role in inflation expectations.
On the bright side, the more optimistic lesson is that supply shocks often force 
adjustments that prevent a repeat. For instance, back in the 1970s, there was a 
recognition that Western economies had become overly dependent on Middle 
Eastern oil, and major efforts were made to reduce that dependence. For instance, 
the US established the Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR) in 1975, and the 
Department of Energy was established in 1977. Moreover, investments were 
directed to US energy production, and since 2019, the US has been a net exporter 
of energy, rather than a net importer.
Clearly the 1970s are far from an exact parallel. Most obviously, economies are far 
less energy intensive today, so oil shocks don’t have as big an impact today. 
Nevertheless, the dynamic of repeated supply shocks is one that bears relevance 
given how that dynamic is re-echoing today, and with inflation still lingering above 
target in many of the world’s biggest economies.
What are the implications for today?
1. Inflation spikes will occur more frequently, as there isn’t the spare economic 


[Page 8]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG
capacity to meet higher demand.
The first consequence of a supply-constrained world is that unlike much of the 
2010s, there isn’t the spare economic capacity (or a negative output gap) that can 
easily absorb higher demand. So if there is an unexpected demand shock, for 
whatever reason, the consequence will likely be higher inflation rather than higher 
output.
Figure 8: IMF: Output Gap in the G7 economies (% of potential GDP)
-5
-4
-3
-2
-1
0
1
2
3
1980
1990
2000
2010
2020
The 2010s environment of 
deficient demand has gone
Source : Haver Analytics, Deutsche Bank
This is a particular risk right now because of those longer-term structural shifts on 
the supply side. First, global demographics and the retirement of the baby boomers 
mean that populations are ageing, and many countries now even have shrinking 
working-age populations. This is a big difference from the world of decades past, 
when the labour force was generally expanding. Second, the push to reshore 
production of key industries has also raised costs, as it requires the duplication of 
supply chains. And third, other structural shifts like the push for higher defence 
spending have also created an increase in the demand for capital. So there isn't the 
spare capacity in the economy to absorb higher demand that there was in the 
2010s.
This world of more frequent supply shocks means that central banks must also 
trade off how quickly they want to bring inflation back to target against the potential 
output volatility that might result. Indeed, we saw this year when the Strait of 
Hormuz was blocked, central banks didn’t immediately react with rate hikes, but 
they waited a few months to see how the consequences developed. But of course, 
that has also meant inflation has stayed above target in many countries, often for 
several years. In fact, US PCE inflation has been above 2% since March 2021.
2. Monetary stimulus becomes less effective, as it can’t deal with the direct cause 
of supply shocks.
Monetary policy has a complex transmission channel, but when central banks cut 
rates, the aim is usually to stimulate demand. This is a very useful tool in demand-
driven recessions like 2008, but it becomes more problematic in the face of supply 
shocks.
The problem is that when a supply shock hits, whether that’s a natural disaster, or 
the blockage of a key trade route, the economy’s productive capacity drops. 


[Page 9]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 9
Monetary policy cannot affect that directly.
This matters because negative supply shocks have the unfortunate effect of raising 
inflation and lowering growth simultaneously. So it puts central banks in a very 
tricky position, as they found in the inflationary environment of the 1970s after the 
oil shocks. With hindsight, many central banks were too dovish after the first oil 
shock and inflation got out of control. In the case of the Federal Reserve, that then 
led to a far more hawkish response to the second oil shock, when Paul Volcker 
tightened monetary policy significantly to get inflation under control again.
These problems are further exacerbated because central banks operate with 
uncertainty about the future. Just as we don’t know today when the Strait of 
Hormuz might return to normal, central bankers in 1973 were unsure how long the 
oil embargo would last. But because central banks make policy that responds with 
a lag, there is inherently the risk of overshooting. If they expect a supply shock to be 
permanent, yet it proves temporary, then they risk overtightening. And similarly in 
reverse, if disruption is expected to be temporary, but proves permanent, they risk 
not doing enough and letting inflation and inflation expectations rise too much.
3. Fiscal stimulus becomes much more likely to cause overheating and crowding 
out.
In a supply-constrained world where the economy lacks spare capacity, fiscal 
stimulus is more likely to overheat the economy and generate inflation.
This is a big shift from the post-GFC world. Back then, unemployment was high and 
deficient demand meant additional government spending didn’t face the same 
competition from private investment, so the multipliers from that stimulus were 
much higher. Moreover, several countries were able to borrow at incredibly low 
interest rates, even negative in some cases.
But this shifted with the pandemic. Not only was the stimulus in 2020 far bigger, but 
unlike 2008, the economy then saw a huge wave of pent-up demand once the 
pandemic restrictions were lifted, supported by the excess savings accumulated 
during the lockdowns. In turn, that contributed to a huge wave of inflation, even 
before we then had the additional energy and food price shocks in 2022.
Meanwhile, government bond yields have also returned to their pre-GFC levels, 
making the cost of any stimulus far more expensive. And that comes as we are also 
seeing a kind of "reverse crowding out", thanks to borrowing from the AI 
hyperscalers that is adding to pressure on rates. So in this environment, any fiscal 
stimulus will come at a higher cost.
Conclusion: Looking forward
The transition to a supply-driven world means that many of the old economic 
assumptions from the 2010s are no longer valid. There’s been a structural break 
that means classic demand-side stimulus is not as effective. After years when it was 
almost unquestioned that the supply side of the economy would scale up to meet 
higher demand, we are now back in a world where supply is a meaningful constraint 
again.
As such, the emphasis will naturally shift towards expanding the supply-side of the 


[Page 10]
14 September 2026
Thematic Research
Page 10
Deutsche Bank AG
economy, something we’re already beginning to see. This could be encouraging 
more energy production, more housing, or bringing new participants into the 
labour force. In essence, what’s needed are policies that raise the productive 
potential of the economy, and boost the rate at which the economy can grow 
without generating inflationary pressures.
These supply shocks in recent years have been a challenge. Even if they might be 
temporary in isolation, the cumulative effect has been to keep inflation elevated, 
and we saw that happen back in the 1970s too. This is particularly problematic if the 
starting point is above-target inflation, as further supply shocks risk unanchoring 
inflation expectations.
Nevertheless, one consequence of a world of more frequent supply shocks is that 
actions are then taken to reduce vulnerabilities over the years ahead. For instance, 
the 1970s oil shocks led to the widespread realisation that the US needed to 
become less energy intensive and produce more of its own energy. As a result, the 
Strategic Petroleum Reserve was set up, and the subsequent years saw the US 
eventually become a net energy exporter. Similarly today, the closure of the Strait 
of Hormuz has forced other countries to secure alternative supply routes and use 
strategic reserves. So even before the longer-term geopolitical outcome is clear, we 
have seen diversification away from one particular chokepoint. In a supply-driven 
world, the incentives will shift towards making those supply chains more resilient, 
and better able to withstand future shocks.
Figure 9: New York Fed’s Global Supply Chain Pressure Index - the extent of 
supply-chain pressure in recent years has been very high relative to the previous 
couple of decades
-2
-1
0
1
2
3
4
5
1997
2002
2007
2012
2017
2022
Source : Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank


[Page 11]
 
 
Deutsche Bank Research Institute 
The revenge of the supply-side: A new economic regime  – September , 202 
 
Appendix  
This material has been prepared by the Deutsche Bank Research Institute and is provided to you for general 
information purposes only.  The Institute leverages the views, opinions, and research from Deutsche Bank 
Research, economists, strategists, and research analysts.  Accordingly, you should assume that content in 
this document is based on or was previously published and provided to Deutsche Bank clients who may have 
already traded on the basis of it.  
Any views or estimates expressed in this material reflect the current views of the author(s) and may differ from 
the views and estimates of Deutsche Bank AG, its affiliates, other Deutsche Bank personnel, and other 
materials published by Deutsche Bank.  The content in this material is valid as of the date shown on the first 
page and may change without notice.  Deutsche Bank has no obligation to provide any updates or changes to 
the information herein.  
This material should not be used as a basis for trading securities or other financial products and should not be 
considered to be a recommendation or individual investment advice for any particular person. It does not 
constitute an offer, solicitation, or an invitation by or on behalf of Deutsche Bank to any person to buy or sell 
any security or financial instrument. Nothing in this material constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax 
advice.  Deutsche Bank engages in securities transactions, including on a proprietary basis, and may do so in a 
manner inconsistent with the views or information expressed in this material. 
While information in this material has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, neither Deutsche 
Bank AG nor any of its affiliates makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy 
or completeness of the statements or any information contained in this material and therefore any liability is 
expressly disclaimed. This material is provided without any obligation, whether contractual or otherwise.  
Information regarding past transactions or performance is not indicative of future results. 
In the US this report is approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., a member of FINRA. In 
Germany this information is approved and/or communicated by Deutsche Bank AG Frankfurt, licensed to carry 
on banking business and to provide financial services under the supervision of the European Central Bank 
(ECB) and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). In the United Kingdom this information 
is approved and/or communicated by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, a member of the London Stock 
Exchange, authorized by UK’s Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and subject to limited regulation by the 
UK’s Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) (under number 150018) and by the PRA. This information is distributed 
in Hong Kong by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, in Korea by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. and in 
Singapore by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch. In Japan this information is approved and/or distributed by 
Deutsche Securities Limited, Tokyo Branch. In Australia, retail clients should obtain a copy of a Product 
Disclosure Statement (PDS) relating to any financial product referred to in this report and consider the PDS 
before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. 
By accessing this material, you agree that its content may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any 
person for any purpose, in whole or part, without Deutsche Bank’s prior written consent.  You also agree that 
you shall not scrape, extract, download, upload, sell or offer for sale any of the content in this material, and 
you agree not to use, or cause to be used, any computerized or other manual or automated program or 
mechanism, tool, or process, including any scraper or spider robot, to access, extract, download, scrape, data 
mine, display, transmit, or publish, any of the content in this material. 
 
11 
