[Page 1]
Lisheng Wang 
+852-3966-4004 | 
lisheng.wang@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
China: Better industrial production, sluggish investment, slower retail 
sales growth; lowering Q3 GDP forecast
15 September 2026 | 1:43PM HKT
Bottom line: 
China’s August activity data were mixed, underscoring the economy’s continued 
imbalance between strong supply and weak demand. Industrial production (IP) beat 
expectations, with growth accelerating to 5.2% yoy in August from 4.5% yoy in July 
amid stronger exports and faster output growth in the electric machinery, chemicals, 
and pharmaceuticals industries. By contrast, fixed asset investment (FAI) and retail 
sales missed expectations somewhat. FAI contracted 10.8% yoy in August on a 
single-month basis, although favorable base effects narrowed the decline from 
-12.8% yoy in July. Retail sales growth slowed to 0.4% yoy in August from 0.6% yoy in 
July, with both goods and restaurant sales growth weakening. The Services Industry 
Output Index, reported in real terms and closely correlated with tertiary GDP 
growth, eased to 4.1% yoy in August from 4.3% yoy in July. Labor market conditions 
also softened, as the unemployment rate rose by more than seasonal patterns would 
suggest. Reflecting weaker-than-expected quarter-to-date activity data, we lower 
our real GDP growth forecast for Q3 to 4.4% yoy (vs. 4.6% previously). This 
mechanically reduces our 2026 full-year real GDP forecast to 4.5% yoy (vs. 4.6% yoy 
previously). 
Asia-MAP scores: 
Industrial production: 0 (5, 0) 
Fixed asset investment: 0 (2, 0) 
Retail sales: 0 (1, 0) 
Key numbers: 
Industrial production (IP): +5.2% yoy in August (GS forecast: +4.6% yoy; Bloomberg 
consensus: +4.8% yoy), vs. +4.5% yoy in July. Note that sequential figures are highly 
sensitive to the specific seasonal adjustment methodology (NBS estimates: +0.5% 
mom sa non-annualized in August, vs. +0.1% mom sa non-annualized in July; GS 
estimates: +0.7% mom sa non-annualized in August, vs. -0.3% mom sa 
non-annualized in July). 
Fixed asset investment (FAI): -7.2% ytd yoy in August (GS: -7.3% ytd yoy; consensus: 
-7.1% ytd yoy), vs. -6.7% ytd yoy in July; August single-month growth by GS 
estimates: -10.8% yoy, vs. -12.8% yoy in July (sequential growth by GS estimates: 
+0.5% mom sa non-annualized in August, vs. -6.1% mom sa non-annualized in July). 
Retail sales: +0.4% yoy in August (GS: +0.4% yoy; consensus: +0.8% yoy), vs. +0.6% 
yoy in July (sequential growth by GS estimates: -0.1% mom sa non-annualized in 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 


[Page 2]
August, vs. -0.4% mom sa non-annualized in July). 
Services industry output index: +4.1% yoy in August, vs. +4.3% yoy in July (sequential 
growth by GS estimates: +0.3% mom sa non-annualized in August, vs. +0.2% mom sa 
non-annualized in July). 
Surveyed unemployment rates: 
Nationwide: 5.3% in August, vs. 5.2% in July. 
n
31 major cities: 5.3% in August, vs. 5.2% in July. 
n
Property-related activity data: 
Floor space sold: -14.7% yoy in August, vs. -13.5% yoy in July (value of sales: -12.1% 
n
yoy in August, vs. -8.8% yoy in July). 
Floor area under construction: -12.8% yoy in August, vs. -12.7% yoy in July. 
n
New home starts: -31.0% yoy in August, vs.  -27.8% yoy in July. 
n
New home completions: -28.4% yoy in August, vs. -18.7% yoy in July. 
n
Real estate investment: -25.4% yoy in August, vs. -27.5% yoy in July. 
n
Main points: 
1. Industrial production (IP) growth rebounded to 5.2% yoy in August from 4.5% yoy in 
July amid stronger export growth. Sequentially, we estimate IP gained 0.7% mom 
non-annualized in August (vs. -0.3% mom non-annualized in July; Exhibit 1). By industry, 
the July-to-August acceleration in year-on-year IP growth was led by faster output 
growth in the electric machinery, chemicals, and pharmaceuticals manufacturing 
industries, more than offsetting slower output growth in computer and other equipment 
industries (Exhibit 2). Among major industrial products (which differ from by-industry IP 
breakdown), year-on-year growth in industrial robot output and metal cutting machine 
output rose to 34.6% and 14.1%, respectively, in August from 30.2% and 4.0% in July, 
while smartphone output growth remained sluggish at -22.3% yoy in August (vs. -22.9% 
yoy in July). Crude steel and cement output growth also stayed subdued at -3.7% yoy 
and -11.7% yoy, respectively, in August (vs. -3.6% yoy and -11.6% yoy in July). 
Year-on-year growth in power generation and automobile output both weakened in 
August, to -0.8% and -2.7%, respectively, from -0.1% and -0.1% in July. Chemical fiber 
and sulfuric acid output growth declined to -3.2% yoy and -15.5% yoy, respectively, in 
August from -1.7% yoy and -14.0% yoy in July, reflecting lingering supply chain 
disruptions related to the Middle East conflict.  
2. Fixed asset investment (FAI) remained weak, contracting 10.8% yoy in August on a 
single-month basis, although favorable base effects narrowed the decline from -12.8% 
yoy in July (Exhibit 3). Sequentially, FAI rose 0.5% mom in August on a non-annualized 
basis, following a sharp 6.1% contraction in July. This brought year-to-date FAI growth 
to -7.2% yoy in August from -6.7% yoy in July. By sector, infrastructure and 
manufacturing investment growth declined to -16.8% yoy and -6.5% yoy, respectively, in 
August from -16.4% yoy and -4.4% yoy in July, property investment growth remained 
depressed at -25.4% yoy in August despite an improvement from -27.5% yoy in July, 
while other (i.e., services and agriculture-related) investment growth rebounded to 
+0.5% yoy from -15.3% yoy. Although we caution that occasional NBS “statistical 
15 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 3]
corrections” of previously over-reported data may have amplified reported FAI volatility 
in recent quarters, the August year-on-year FAI contraction appeared broadly 
consistent with steel and cement output performance. 
3. Nominal retail sales growth eased to +0.4% yoy in August from +0.6% yoy in July, 
missing market consensus for an improvement. Online goods sales growth slowed to 
+2.0% yoy in August from +3.3% yoy in July, while offline goods sales growth remained 
subdued at -0.3% yoy (vs. -0.6% yoy in July). Restaurant sales revenue growth 
moderated to +1.1% yoy in August from +1.4% yoy in July. In sequential terms, we 
estimate August retail sales value remained largely flat from July after seasonal 
adjustment (-0.1% mom sa non-annualized in August, vs. -0.4% mom sa non-annualized 
in July). Among major product categories, the year-on-year automobile sales 
contraction widened to -18.5% yoy in August from -17.0% yoy in July, while home 
appliance and electronic equipment sales growth rose to +2.3% yoy and +27.3% yoy in 
August, respectively, from -1.9% yoy and +20.4% yoy in July, thanks to a low base. 
Gasoline and other oil-product sales growth remained weak at -7.0% yoy in August (vs. 
-7.6% yoy in July). Adjusting for prices, we estimate gasoline and other oil-product sales 
volume declined 8% yoy in August (vs. -9% yoy in July) amid a 10% yoy increase in 
domestic retail fuel prices. Jewelry and cosmetics sales growth slowed to -17.5% yoy 
and +4.9% yoy, respectively, in August from -10.1% yoy and +6.8% yoy in July. 
Separately, the NBS began publishing a new series this year on retail sales value for 
goods and services, which rose 2.5% yoy in January-August, with services sales growth 
of 4.9% yoy outpacing goods sales growth of 1.0% yoy. 
4. Year-on-year growth in the Services Industry Output Index—which is reported in real 
terms and closely tracks tertiary GDP growth, accounting for 58% of China’s economy in 
2025—eased further to 4.1% in August from 4.3% in July. Sequentially, we estimate the 
index increased by 0.3% mom sa non-annualized in August (vs. +0.2% mom sa 
non-annualized in July).  
5. Property activity remained sluggish in August despite recent green shoots in some 
large cities (Exhibit 4). Property sales fell 14.7% yoy in volume (floor space) terms and 
12.1% yoy in value terms in August (vs. -13.5%/-8.8% yoy in July). New home starts, new 
home completions, and floor space under construction fell 31.0% yoy, 28.4% yoy, and 
12.8% yoy, respectively, in August, versus year-on-year declines of 27.8%, 18.7%, and 
12.7% in July. NBS and private-sector data suggest nationwide home prices remain 
under downward pressure, even as some large cities show early signs of price 
stabilization. 
6. Labor market conditions softened in August. The nationwide and 31-city 
unemployment rates (not seasonally adjusted) both increased to 5.3% from 5.2% in July. 
On a seasonally adjusted basis, we estimate that the nationwide unemployment rate 
increased to 5.2% in August from 5.1% in July, while the 31-city metric was roughly 
unchanged at 5.1% (Exhibit 5). The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate for migrant 
workers with local Hukou also rose to 5.2% from 5.0%. Following the NBS definition 
change in January 2024, which excludes students in school, youth unemployment data 
have been released about three days after the broader labor market statistics. The latest 
data show that the unemployment rate for those aged 16-24 rebounded to 17.9% in 
July from 14.9% in June, broadly in line with 17.8% in July 2025, and likely rose further in 
August owing to seasonal patterns around college graduation. We caution that the 
revised definition may understate labor market stress among the younger generation, 
15 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 4]
given weak domestic demand and potential pressure from AI adoption on entry-level 
white-collar jobs. 
7. Although activity indicators have often rebounded in quarter-end months such as 
September in recent years, and our tracking suggests government bond issuance has 
accelerated in recent weeks, weaker-than-expected July activity data, mixed August 
data, and our high-frequency trackers for the first half of September still suggest that Q3 
real GDP growth may remain below 4.5% yoy, after 4.3% in Q2. Given renewed risks from 
the Middle East conflict, the potential near-term growth drag from recent property 
policies accelerating the shift to a completed-home sales model, and delayed policy 
easing this year, we lower our Q3 sequential growth forecast to 4.0% qoq annualized 
from 5.0% qoq annualized previously, while maintaining our forecasts for subsequent 
quarters (Exhibit 6). This lowers our year-over-year growth forecasts for Q3 and Q4 by 
0.2pp each to 4.4% yoy (for both quarters), and our 2026/27 full-year forecasts by 
0.1pp to 4.5%/4.6%. Recent signals from the State Council, MOF, and NDRC have raised 
market expectations for additional stimulus later this year if growth slows further and 
the 4.5-5.0% full-year growth target comes under pressure. 
Lisheng Wang 
 
 
Exhibit 1: Year-on-year growth in industrial production rebounded in August, while services 
industry output growth slowed 
 
 
Source: NBS, CEIC, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
 
Exhibit 2: The July-to-August acceleration in year-on-year IP growth was led by faster output 
growth in the electric machinery, chemicals, and pharmaceuticals industries 
 
 
Source: NBS, CEIC, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 3: FAI growth remained weak in August 
 
 
Source: CEIC, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 6]
 
 
 
Exhibit 4: Most property activity indicators remained sluggish in August 
 
 
Source: CEIC, Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 5: After seasonal adjustment, the nationwide umemployment rate increased in 
August, while the 31-city metric was largely flat 
4.5
5.0
5.5
6.0
6.5
7.0
4.5
5.0
5.5
6.0
6.5
7.0
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Percent
Percent
Urban surveyed unemployment rate
(after seasonal adjustment)
National
31 major cities
 
 
Source: NBS, Wind, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 7]
 
Exhibit 6: We lower our real GDP growth forecasts for Q3 and full-year 2026 to 4.4% yoy and 
4.5% yoy, respectively 
New
Previous
New
Previous
YoY%
YoY%
QoQ%, SAAR QoQ%, SAAR
2023
5.4
5.4
2024
5.0
5.0
2025
5.0
5.0
2026
4.5
4.6
2027
4.6
4.7
2025
Q1
5.4
5.4
4.5
4.5
Q2
5.2
5.2
4.9
4.9
Q3
4.8
4.8
4.5
4.5
Q4
4.5
4.5
4.5
4.5
2026
Q1
5.0
5.0
5.3
5.3
Q2
4.3
4.3
3.6
3.6
Q3
4.4
4.6
4.0
5.0
Q4
4.4
4.6
4.5
4.5
China real GDP growth forecast
 
 
Source: NBS, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
15 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 8]
The China Economics Team 
Andrew Tilton 
+852-2978-1802 
andrew.tilton@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
Hui Shan 
+852-2978-6634 
hui.shan@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
Lisheng Wang 
+852-3966-4004 
lisheng.wang@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
Xinquan Chen 
+852-2978-2418 
xinquan.chen@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
Yuting Yang 
+852-2978-7283 
yuting.y.yang@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
Chelsea Song 
+852-2978-0106 
chelsea.song@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
15 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 9]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Lisheng Wang, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced by 
considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Lisheng Wang Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
15 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 10]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
15 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 


[Page 11]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
15 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
China
 
 
