90
100
110
120
130
Dec
Feb
Apr
Jun
Aug
Real Estate Sector (Index to 100)
10 Year Treasury Yields (Index to 100)
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-0.2%
0.0%
0.2%
0.4%
0.6%
0.8%
1.0%
1.2%
1.4%
1.6%
Cons. Dis.
Info. Tech.
Materials
Com. Svc.
Industrials
Real Est.
Utilities
Energy
Cons. Stp.
Financials
Health C.
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
Last week's comments suggest the FOMC's center of gravity remains tilted toward patience. While some regional Fed presidents 
remain hawkish, Vice Chair Jefferson and NY Fed President Williams signaled less urgency to raise rates. Their remarks helped ease 
bond market jitters after yields reached multi-decade highs. Combined with the soft payrolls report, investors cut the odds of an 
October hike to 22%, supporting our view that the Fed is navigating a mid-cycle adjustment rather than a prolonged tightening cycle.
Monday, October 5, 2026
The S&P 500 Real Estate sector edged higher Friday after eight straight days of losses, its longest losing streak since Dec. 2024. The 
10.8% drop from July’s record high reflects headwinds faced by this rate-sensitive sector. Fundamentally, higher borrowing costs make 
it less attractive to finance new assets. From a sentiment standpoint, REITs are sometimes viewed as bond proxies, so higher yields 
pressure share prices. Cooling yields may give the sector a boost, but we see better opportunities elsewhere, hence our neutral rating.
Sector Performance
After The Real Estate Sector’s Longest Losing Streak Since 2024, Is It Time To Step In?
Senior Fed Leadership Signals Patience On Further Tightening 
With Spain Heading To A Snap Election, The Euro Falls To A 17-Month Low
With a bit of inspiration from the Odyssey, today we will delve into the voyage ahead for investors. Markets continue to navigate shifting 
economic conditions, evolving policy, and unexpected risks. Can the economy stay on course? What Trojan Horse risks could derail the 
outlook? Will inflation finally reach its destination? Are there Achilles’ heels beneath equity momentum? And can bonds regain their 
role as a portfolio diversifier? All of these topics, and more, will be addressed in our webinar at 4:00 pm ET—click here to register. 
The Long Voyage—Discipline Through Uncertainty: Join Us For Our Webinar Today At 4:00 PM ET 
Source: FactSet
ISM Services At 10:00 AM ET: Last Friday’s Weak Payrolls Put Employment Gauge in Focus
Source: FactSet
Chart of the Day: Realty Check
Following last week's largely uneventful ISM manufacturing report, services take center stage today. Manufacturing has remained in 
expansion throughout 2026, while services has been expanding since July 2024. Beyond the headline, we'll be focused on employment 
and prices paid. With nearly 10x as many Americans employed in services as manufacturing, the jobs gauge could help explain last 
Friday’s  weak payrolls report (only 29k jobs created). Meanwhile, prices paid will offer insight into inflation pressures.
The euro fell today below 1.12 per USD for the first time since May 2025 as fiscal and political concerns weighed on sentiment across 
the region. France’s problematic budget outlook has dominated investor attention in recent weeks, pushing the spread between 
French and German 10-year bonds to 140 bps, the widest since the 2011 European debt crisis. Today’s weakness was triggered by news 
that Spain called a snap election for Nov. 29, bringing the euro within striking distance of a key technical support level of 1.1140.
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
0.7%
12.8%
7,723
0.0%
7,776
9:45am
S&P Global PMI Services (Final)
57.8
58.7
DJIA
0.5%
6.5%
51,177
0.0%
51,474
10:00am
ISM Services PMI 
55.2
55.4
NASDAQ 100
1.0%
22.0%
30,808
-0.1%
31,037
Russell 2000
0.9%
14.1%
2,833
0.2%
2,856
MSCI EAFE*
0.2%
9.3%
1940
-0.2%
3128
10-Yr Yield**
4
-5.3%
5.28%
--
--
USD Index
-0.2%
3.7%
101.93
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 10/02/2026)
(as of: 07:47 E.T.)
Today's  Events
Higher bond yields have created headwinds for Real 
Estate, one of the most rate-sensitive sectors.

LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. Nonfarm payroll is an economic statistic representing the total number of paid workers in the 
U.S. engaged in industries excluding agriculture. The S&P Global Services PMI is a monthly economic indicator that measures the business health and 
activity level of the service sector. The ISM Services PMI is a monthly economic indicator that measures the health, growth, and direction of the U.S. 
service sector. The S&P 500 Real Estate sector is the 11th official market classification representing publicly traded property trusts and development 
companies within the index.
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. Real estate investments can be subject to 
different and greater risks than more diversified investments. Declines in the value of real estate, economic conditions, property taxes, tax laws and 
interest rates all present potential risks to real estate investments. Be advised that investments in real estate and in REITs have various risks, including 
possible lack of liquidity and devaluation based on adverse economic and regulatory changes. Additionally, investments in REIT’s will fluctuate with the 
value of the underlying properties, and the price at redemption may be more or less than the original price paid.
Data Source | FactSet as of 10/2/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
