 
Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management 
 
      1 
Asset Management Market Flash: 
Pressure on Interest Rates Is Mounting 
02 October 2026 
• 
The strength of the U.S. economy is driving yields higher, despite a PCE reading that fell short 
of expectations. However, markets expect the Fed to maintain its current policy stance in 
October, with yield curves steepening. 
• 
Long-term rates are rising, particularly in France, where the spread over Germany exceeds 
140 basis points. Fiscal and political uncertainties are fuelling concerns about the 
sustainability of French debt. 
• 
Oil prices are stabilizing at high levels, while tensions over diesel remain. 
The main concern on markets this week was the higher-rates-for-longer scenario. Rising government 
bond yields, especially in the US, rekindled worries of a more restrictive monetary environment with a 
lasting impact on risk assets. 10-year US Treasury yields hit 5.20% while the 2-year Treasury broke above 
4.90%. Yields on the 10-year German Bund also rose sharply. The tension reflects better-than-expected 
US indicators, soft demand for Treasury auctions and a persistently restrictive Fed. Growth stocks 
suffered, the US dollar rose and gold came under pressure. 
  
The end of the third quarter saw renewed volatility on equity and fixed income markets. Interest rate 
volatility hit highs last March during the first month of the Middle East conflict. Government bond yields 
continued on the trend established by last week’s upbeat advanced indicators. The final estimate of US 
GDP for the second quarter provided confirmation that the economy was in fine form and consumption 
was even revised higher. This week’s weekly jobless claims fell below 200,000. And yet, the Fed’s 
preferred inflation gauge, the PCE, came in below expectations in August, thereby favouring the idea 
of no move from the Fed when it meets this month. Consumer confidence, however, as measured by 
the Conference Board, hit a 12-year low. But as investor expectations for an October rate hike retreated, 
short rates fell and the yield curve steepened. It was the same story in Europe. Long bond rates hit 
highs with France suffering the most. The OAT-Bund spread even broke above 140bp, reaching the level 
last seen in 2012 at the height of the eurozone debt crisis. Against this backdrop, the French 
government presented its draft budget for 2027 with a 5% deficit target. The problem is that the 
Presidential elections next year and a fractured national assembly could make it difficult to get the draft 
approved, exacerbating fears on how sustainable France’s debt is. France’s woes spread to other 
eurozone countries, and they saw their 10-year spreads with Germany widen. 
 
News on oil supplies was better this week thanks to indications that Middle East shipments were getting 
nearer to pre-conflict levels. But there was no real impact on oil prices, which remained at high levels. 
Worse, prices for refined products like diesel started to rise again. Several news reported a possible 
curb on US diesel exports if European countries refused to release some of their strategic stockpiles. 
European officials met to tackle the question and energy prices eased a little at the end of the week. 
 
We remain slightly positive on risk assets. The US economy is fundamentally strong, and the 
approaching results season should underpin equities. We are also upbeat on duration as it now offers 
interesting yields and could provide protection should the economy slow.  
 

 
Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management 
 
      2 
European equities 
 
Bond market yields continued to rise in a week which also saw the beginning of the Capital Markets 
season. 
 
France remained centre stage as the first draft of the 2027 finance bill was released. The government is 
forecasting a deficit at 5.4% but it is targeting a return to 5% next year. Investors are, however, still wary 
about the fiscal trajectory. The 10-year OAT-Bund spread shot above 140bp today, up from 85bp at the 
beginning of September, a level not seen since 2012 and a token of how seriously perception of French 
risk has worsened. Yields on the 10-year OAT are now flirting with 5% and putting pressure on French 
assets and companies which are the most exposed to tax rises and/or financing costs. 
  
In company news, the data centre theme remained topical. Rexel acquired GCG, a cable specialist in 
the US. At its Capital Markets Day in Singapore, Legrand satisfied investor expectations by upping 
guidance on growth, margins and acquisitions. European semiconductor plays rose after Micron's 
results highlighted the imbalance between supply and galloping demand, especially for artificial 
intelligence solutions. Technip Energies won technological and engineering contracts for a Turkish 
petrochemical complex, a reflection of strong demand for its proprietary solutions. On the other hand, 
Vinci, Eiffage and ADP came under pressure on a possible rise in levies on long distance transport that 
could significantly hit earnings. Capgemini bounced after Accenture’s reassuring figures showcased 
how much IT services were benefiting from AI demand. 
  
In M&A news, LVMH, L’Oréal and Essilor Luxottica could start talks with Armani over taking a stake. 
One option is for the three groups to share 15% of Armani's capital. In healthcare, AstraZeneca paid 
$2bn for 12% of Summit Therapeutics to accelerate the development of Ivonescimab, an experimental 
drug for certain cancers. Sanofi expanded its global alliance with Regeneron to cover four new 
antibodies. The deal could be worth as much as $8bn.   
US equities 
 
The S&P 500 shed 0.5% and the Russell 200 ended the period 1.1% lower, but the Nasdaq was practically 
unchanged (+0.1%). Manufacturing PMI came in at 54.5, yet another sign of a robust economy. The 
dollar jumped 1% while 10-year US Treasury yields hovered around 2007 levels at 5.2%. Brent crude 
remained at $100. 
  
Tech jumped 1.37% and the SOX index rose 2.7%. Accenture (+19.7%) surprised on the upside by 
reporting a 5% increase in quarterly bookings at constant exchange rates when analysts were expecting 
a drop. Results at Micron (+1.6%) swept past expectations and boosted investor optimism on the 
semiconductor equipment sector. Donald Trump convened a meeting with heads of AI tech companies 
to get them to sign an agreement on establishing technology and data security checks. 
  
Healthcare (2.8%) led declines as investors rotated into tech and AI plays. Eli Lilly lost 2,7 % and Johnson 
& Johnson tumbled 4.4%. 
  
Financials shed 0.1% due to sector rotations, persistently high interest rates and worries over the 
possible impact of autonomous agents on their deposit-taking model. JPMorgan shed 1,6% and 
Goldman Sachs 2.9%. Blue Owl Capital (-3.2%) lost further ground after Oracle (-1.1%) claimed force 
majeure and the private credit segment remained fragile. 

 
Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management 
 
      3 
Emerging markets 
 
The MSCI EM was down 1.34% in USD on the week to Friday. Brazil was up 1.32%. Mexico, India, Korea, 
Taiwan and China were down 4.64%, 3.77%, 2.67%, 0.35% and 0.21% respectively. 
  
In China, Manufacturing PMI rose to 50.1 (est. 50.1, prior 49.8), and non-manufacturing jumped to 50.2 
(est. 49.2, prior 49.0) for September, with export orders the strongest since February. The PBoC cut 
the PSL rate by 25bp to 1.50% and extended PSL support to “Six Networks” infrastructure. The 
government delivered a pre-holiday easing package, in a calibrated rather than transformative manner. 
Exporters cancelled some October gasoline and diesel cargoes, and refiners suspended refined-
product exports outside Hong Kong and Macau “until further notice”. Tencent agreed to a five-year 
lease from Oracle data centres in Southeast Asia, enabling Tencent to access around 100,000 advanced 
AI chips. The healthcare sector saw a flurry of positive news items: Hengrui licensed obesity/diabetes 
candidate to Novo Nordisk for up to $2.6bn, AstraZeneca agreed a $2bn equity investment in Summit 
Therapeutics to collaborate with Akeso, and Novartis licensed Abogen’s mRNA autoimmune therapy 
for up to $7.8bn. 
  
In South Korea, September trade growth was extraordinary — exports jumped 83.5% YoY, the fastest 
growth in nearly 50 years. Manufacturing PMI rose to 53.9 from 52.3, a four-month high, with export 
orders growing at the sharpest pace since March 2011. Trump unveiled plans for $200bn in Korean 
investments in US energy under the 2025 deal that capped tariffs at 15%. 
  
In Taiwan, TSMC is reportedly weighing a new Texas campus that would add tens of billions of dollars 
of investment. 
  
In India, Manufacturing PMI for September continued strong at 55.1. Industrial activity remained strong 
in August, printing above expectations at 8% YoY (consensus: 7.0%). Hospitals were hit after the 
Supreme Court questioned steep markups on cancer drugs.  
  
In Mexico, August manufacturing PMI edged back into expansion at 50.3 from 49. Officials are 
increasingly confident of a US deal cutting tariffs. Finance minister Amador outlined $300bn over 2026–
30 
  
In Brazil, the final polls point to a 25 October runoff too close to call. The BRL2.12/l diesel subsidy was 
extended for at least 30 days. Sigma Lithium suspended Brazilian operations after a 15-day court delay 
in an environmental-licence case. 
 
Corporate debt  
 
France’s political and fiscal instability has raised market concerns. The OAT-Bund spread dominated 
bond markets as it surged to 151bp, its widest level since 2012. Risk appetite declined significantly over 
the week due to a combination of geopolitical and macroeconomic headwinds. Mounting US-Iran 
tensions were centre stage. President Trump rejected Tehran’s proposal to reopen the Strait of Hormuz 
and the Pentagon deployed a third aircraft carrier to the Middle East. Elsewhere, China's stimulus plan 
disappointed markets. It was seen as trying to stabilise rather than accelerate growth across the board. 
  
Credit markets had so far generally proved resilient but things changed radically this week. The CDS 
Main (+5.3bp) and Xover (+22bp) underperformed their US equivalents. Excess returns were heavily 
negative (EUR IG -0.4%, Corp Hybrids -1.1%, CoCos -1.25%, EUR HY -1.28%) and there were signs 
decompression had begun. 

 
Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management 
 
      4 
  
Weak markets had an obvious impact on new issuance. Yields on the Paramount and Rémy Cointreau 
deals widened significantly, a very rare occurrence for a deal as large as Paramount’s where issuers 
usually offer a premium.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management 
 
      5 
GLOSSARY 
 
• Investment Grade: bonds rated as high quality by rating agencies. 
• High Yield: corporate bonds with a higher default risk than investment grade bonds but which pay out higher 
coupons. 
• Senior debt benefits from specific guarantees. Its repayment takes priority over other debts, known as 
subordinated debt. 
• Debt is considered to be subordinated when its redemption depends on the earlier payment of other creditors. To 
offset the higher risk, subordinated Senior debt has priority over other debt instruments. 
• Tier 2 / Tier 3: subordinated debt segment. 
• Duration: the average life of a bond discounted for all interest and capital flows. 
• The spread is the difference between the actuarial rate of return on a bond and the rate of return on a risk-free 
loan with the same maturity. 
• The so-called "Value" stocks are considered to be undervalued.  
• EBITDA: Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization. 
• CTA: quantitative strategy which uses futures to invest in a wide range of financial assets, including equity indices, 
short-term and long-term interest rates, currencies, and commodities.  
• The PMI, for "Purchasing Manager's Index", is an indicator of the economic state of a sector.  
• AT1s belong to a family of bank capital securities known as contingent convertibles or “Cocos”. Convertible 
because they can be converted from bonds to shares (or depreciated entirely) and contingent because this 
conversion only occurs if certain conditions are met, such as the issuing bank's capital strength falling below a 
predetermined trigger level. 
• RT1s: perpetual bond issues with early redemption possible after 10 years. Coupon payments are discretionary 
and non-cumulative. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Edmond de Rothschild Asset Management 
 
      6 
DISCLAIMER  
 
This is a marketing communication. 
 
This document is issued by the Edmond de Rothschild Group. It is not legally binding and is intended 
solely for information purposes. This document may not be communicated to persons located in 
jurisdictions in which it would be considered as a recommendation, an offer of products or services or 
a solicitation, and in which case its communication could be in breach of applicable laws and 
regulations. This document has not been reviewed or approved by a regulator of any jurisdiction. The 
figures, comments, opinions and/or analyses contained herein reflect the sentiment of the Edmond de 
Rothschild Group with respect to market trends based on its expertise, economic analyses and the 
information in its possession at the date on which this document was drawn up and may change at 
any time without notice. They may no longer be accurate or relevant at the time of reading, owing 
notably to the publication date of the document or to changes on the market. This document is 
intended solely to provide general and introductory information to the readers and notably should not 
be used as a basis for any decision to buy, sell or hold an investment. Under no circumstances may the 
Edmond de Rothschild Group be held liable for any decision to invest, divest or hold an investment 
taken on the basis of these comments and analyses. The Edmond de Rothschild Group therefore 
recommends that investors obtain the various regulatory descriptions of each financial product before 
investing, to analyse the risks involved and form their own opinion independently of the Edmond de 
Rothschild Group. Investors are advised to seek independent advice from specialist advisors before 
concluding any transactions based on the information contained in this document, notably in order to 
ensure the suitability of the investment with their financial and tax situation. Past performance and 
volatility are not a reliable indicator of future performance and volatility and may vary over time, and 
may be independently affected by exchange rate fluctuations. 
Source of the information: unless otherwise stated, the sources used in the present document are those 
of the Edmond de Rothschild Group. This document and its content may not be reproduced or used 
in whole or in part without the permission of the Edmond de Rothschild Group. 
 
Copyright © Edmond de Rothschild Group – All rights reserved 
 
 
EDMOND DE ROTHSCHILD ASSET MANAGEMENT (FRANCE)  
47, rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré 75401 Paris Cedex 08  
Société anonyme governed by an executive board and a supervisory board with capital of 11.033.769 euros  
AMF Registration number GP 04000015  
332.652.536 R.C.S. Paris 
