Macro Picture - Chart Story
SOME INTEREST-RATE NIHILISM
Dario Perkins
05 Oct 2026
Recently, sellside economists have spent most of their time bickering about the bond selloff. That
should surprise nobody – academics still can’t agree what caused inflation in Renaissance Europe,
and that happened 500 years ago. But a degree of nihilism is also creeping in. Interest rates have
reached levels nobody (except TS Lombard…) could imagine 5 years ago, and nothing has broken.
Has r* increased, or maybe monetary policy just doesn’t “work”. One new study offers a
controversial take.
1/6
It has been fun debating the causes of the latest selloff in global bonds.
Economists love a good argument. Who or what is to blame? Is it fiscal
concerns and the threat of a sovereign debt crisis? Is the selloff the
result of hyperscaler “crowding out”? Or perhaps there is something
going on with the mysterious Yen carry trade? I published my own
contribution to this debate last week, in my latest Macro Picture. This is
the summary.

2/6
While working on my piece I came across an interesting new paper by
Paul Beaudry et al. They also analyzed the rise in yields, but from a
longer perspective. They are puzzled about why COVID-19 produced
such a clear inflection point in yields? Most people blame “structural”
factors -  r* has increased. But if that is the case, Beaudry and co can’t
understand why the move was so quick. Since demographics etc move
only slowly, why was most of the rise in yields concentrated in a 12-
month period?

3/6
The authors also reveal something else that is interesting. Most of the
rise in yields happened in a very narrow window around Fed
communication and official payroll release dates (see their charts). This
suggests, to the authors at least, that it is expectations about monetary
policy that drove the move, not changes in the underlying macro
fundamentals. Conventional economic theory suggests that monetary
policy should not have such a power bearing over long-term real rates.
4/6
What is going on? One explanation is the Kevin Warsh view. In a world
of forward guidance, the market is unable to think for itself – it waits for
the Fed to tell it what is happening to underlying fundamentals. But
Beaudry et al have a different explanation. What if – they posit – r* is
not a real thing? And what if hiking rates doesn’t really do anything? In
that scenario, the Fed could hike aggressively, nothing would “break”,
and officials would erroneously conclude that r* has gone up. 

5/6
I’ll be honest, I like my macro served with a dose of nihilism, and I’ve
never been a fan of r*. But I’m not keen on the idea that monetary
tightening is ineffective, or worse, the MMT idea that raising rates is
actually stimulative. Fortunately, one of the authors of the reports
clarified their position on X (after some typical Perkins mick-taking).
They said its not that raising rates doesn’t work, but that the economy
learns to live with higher borrowing costs. That proposition I can
accept.

6/6
That still leave the original puzzle about why COVID marked such a
strong inflection point in yields. But two points on that. First, history
shows this is always what happens. Real rate reversals always happen
suddenly. Second, while the pandemic was a clear historical marker, the
subsequent move in yields was a decade in the making. As I explained
in my Macro Picture, you could see it coming in the late 2010s – the
structural/policy shifts were already in place. COVID was just the
accelerant.

Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report
is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not
be reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical,
photocopying, recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable
but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees
or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or
damage arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in
connection with the information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this
report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information
available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express
or implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not
guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its
subsidiaries. The value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this
report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in
exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial
instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial
situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of
investing in any of the types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No.
10232483
