5 October 2026, 09:43 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Building resilience to navigate market risks
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Jason Draho, Head of Asset Allocation, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Alejo Czerwonko, Chief Investment Officer Emerging Markets, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Maelle Quillevere, Economist, UBS AG London Branch
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Podcast: Jump Start | Fed minutes, Eurozone bonds, and hedge funds
(4 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | The investment case for consumer agents
(5 mins)
Thought of the day
Global markets started the week on a cautiously optimistic note as oil 
prices declined and softer US jobs data reduced pressure on the Federal 
Reserve to further raise interest rates imminently. Asian equities broadly 
advanced on Monday, after the S&P 500 gained 0.7% on Friday and ended 
within 1% of its record high.
Brent crude fell 0.7% to USD 101.5/bbl at the time of writing. New data 
showed that crude exports from the Middle East rose above pre-war levels 
on four of the final seven days of September, while G7 countries agreed 
on Friday to release 100 million barrels of diesel and crude from emergency 
reserves and refrain from energy export restrictions. Meanwhile, investors 
scaled back their expectations for immediate Fed hikes after US payrolls in 
September came in well below estimates, and recent comments from Fed 
officials pointed to a more patient approach.
These developments support our constructive outlook for risk assets, and 
we believe equities have room to move higher over the next six to 12 
months amid resilient economic growth and robust earnings.
But the path is unlikely to be smooth. With equity markets near record 
highs, managing concentration risk and strengthening portfolio resilience 
remain important as investors navigate geopolitical risks and elevated bond 
yields.
Energy markets remain vulnerable to renewed disruption.
Normalizing oil flows from the Middle East are encouraging, but the risks 
of sudden disruptions and further damage to energy infrastructure in the 
region have not gone away. The Houthis said they launched ballistic missiles 
  
What to watch: 6 October
• Australia's Westpac Consumer 
Confidence Index for October
• Eurozone August retail sales
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch,
UBS AG London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 9

Daily US
and drones at Saudi Aramco sites in Riyadh, while attacks on tankers in and 
around the Strait of Hormuz continued. Shipping intelligence firm Marisks 
in a weekend report said vessels transiting through the waterway face a 
“heightened and increasingly unpredictable kinetic threat.” We continue to 
believe that traffic through the Strait should resume gradually, but periodic 
setbacks could lead to spikes in oil prices and market volatility.
Treasury yields are likely to remain volatile. While Fed rate hike 
expectations declined on the back of the soft jobs report and encouraging 
PCE data, the 10-year US Treasury yield finished Friday higher and remained 
close to a 24-year high. Technical factors may partly explain the disconnect 
between yields and economic fundamentals and policy guidance, as 
investors remain concerned that yields have yet to peak and are reluctant 
buyers. We expect yields to ultimately stabilize, but such investor caution 
may persist until there is more confidence that inflation will decline at a 
steady pace. This means elevated yields may continue to pressure stock 
valuations.
Record highs may make retreating to the sidelines feel safe. In 
addition to valuation headwinds from higher yields, equities close to all-
time highs may deter some investors. The S&P 500 is just 1% below its 
record high, and it currently trades at a valuation premium over its 25-year 
average. We have highlighted that all-time highs are not a rare occurrence 
historically, and valuations have a poor record as short-term timing tools. 
Our analysis shows that earnings and a supportive growth backdrop matter 
more, and the current environment remains favorable for profit growth. We 
acknowledge that record highs can make investors nervous, and cash may 
appear safe over short horizons.
So, we think holding a resilient portfolio can help investors manage near-
term volatility while staying invested for long-term gains. In addition to an 
equity holding that is broadly diversified across sectors and regions, we 
think exposure to broad commodities can provide both a structural source 
of return and portfolio defensiveness. Investors can also consider capital 
preservation strategies to manage the risk of a drawdown while retaining 
allocations to quality bonds for attractive portfolio income. Those willing 
and able to manage the risks associated with alternatives can also use 
hedge funds to broaden return drivers.
Caught our attention
US payrolls cool. US nonfarm payrolls rose by 29,000 in September, 
below expectations for a 90,000 increase, while gains for July and August 
were revised down by a combined 60,000. But the three-month average 
increase at 51,000 remains broadly in line with estimates of the pace 
needed to keep unemployment stable. The unemployment rate edged up 
to 4.2%, with more people entering the workforce and the participation 
rate increasing to 61.8%. Average hourly earnings growth moderated to 
3.0% year over year, although aggregate private wage income remained 
relatively healthy at 4.2%. In response, market expectations for further 
tightening from the Federal Reserve declined, leaving 25 basis points of 
tightening priced by year-end.
Our view: The latest data indicate a labor market that is keeping pace with 
population growth, but is not so strong as to generate significant wage 
pressure. Together with encouraging personal consumption expenditures 
data last week, this reduces the urgency for another rate hike in October. 
Our base case remains that policymakers can wait until December before 
considering raising rates again. Recent comments from New York Fed 
Page 2 of 9

Daily US
President John Williams and Vice Chair Philip Jefferson have also suggested 
less urgency around additional tightening. We forecast S&P 500 earnings 
growth of 25% this year and 14% in 2027, and believe resilient economic 
activity and robust earnings should help equities withstand moderately 
higher interest rates.
First round of Brazil election shifts fiscal reform expectations.
Senator Flávio Bolsonaro outperformed expectations in the first round of 
Brazil's presidential election, winning around 47.2% of the vote versus 
44.9% for incumbent President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. As expected, 
neither candidate secured an outright majority, sending the race to a 
runoff on 25 October. Still, the challenger performed significantly better 
than pre-election polls had indicated, and right- and center-right parties 
strengthened their position in Congress, boosting prospects for fiscal and 
structural reforms should Bolsonaro ultimately win the presidency. The vote 
comes as Brazil faces elevated public debt, slowing growth, and ongoing 
debate over the country's fiscal framework.
Our view: We expect a positive market reaction when Brazilian markets 
reopen, reflecting Bolsonaro's stronger-than-expected first-round 
performance. The election focus will now shift to voters backing smaller 
candidates, who collectively captured nearly 8% of valid ballots, and could 
play a decisive role in the second round. On balance, the result increases 
the likelihood of a more market-friendly fiscal outcome, including a credible 
spending framework, reforms to mandatory expenditures, and measures to 
stabilize public debt. Beyond an initial risk-on rally, we believe domestically 
driven equities, local bonds, and the Brazilian real should continue to 
benefit as markets price a higher probability of fiscal consolidation. While 
Brazilian equities have risen in recent days, valuations remain below 
historical averages and investor positioning remains relatively light, leaving 
scope for further gains if reform expectations strengthen. Lower fiscal 
risk premiums could also support a gradual decline in local bond yields. 
We continue to rate emerging market equities as Attractive, and focus on 
select equities in Brazil and elsewhere in Latin America that offer attractive 
valuations and exposure to commodities, infrastructure, and domestic 
cyclical segments.
Spain calls snap election. Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez has 
called an early general election for 29 November after his minority 
government suffered a parliamentary defeat on housing legislation. Current 
polls suggest that no party is likely to secure an outright majority, making 
another coalition government the most likely outcome. Although the result 
remains difficult to predict, polls suggest the center-right People’s Party and 
Vox currently appear best placed to command a parliamentary majority. 
A potential change of government would come as Spain continues 
to outperform most other Eurozone economies, supported partly by 
immigration-led growth in the labor force and domestic demand.
Our view: We do not expect the election to materially alter Spain’s 
macroeconomic outlook. The main potential coalitions are highly likely to 
continue operating within EU fiscal rules, even if the election timetable 
complicates preparation of the 2027 budget. A People’s Party-Vox 
government would probably pursue modest fiscal expansion through 
lower taxes and higher defense and infrastructure spending. Restrictions 
on immigration could weigh on growth, while a looser fiscal stance may 
widen sovereign spreads. But favorable public-finance dynamics provide 
room to raise spending without reversing the downward trend in the 
debt-to-GDP ratio, limiting risks to Spain’s fiscal health beyond the near 
Page 3 of 9

Daily US
term. Fiscal expansion could also offset some of the growth drag as 
NextGenerationEU support fades in 2027 and generate positive spillovers 
for the wider Eurozone. We remain Attractive on fixed income and see the 
recent rise in European yields as creating selective opportunities in high-
quality bonds. We continue to prefer short- to medium-term maturities and 
stronger investment grade issuers, while remaining cautious on the longest 
maturities and keeping higher-risk credit relatively short-dated.
Page 4 of 9

Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet, UBS
Page 5 of 9

Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 6 of 9

Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 7 of 9

Daily US
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 8 of 9

Daily US
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 9 of 9
