5 October 2026, 00:40 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Wash, rinse, repeat
Blog
Jason Draho, Head of Asset Allocation, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
During this past summer (i.e., Holland Days) there were echoes of 2023, 
culturally and economically. The common economic trait was the surprising 
strength of the US economy, so much so that it was a key factor driving 
interest rates higher in both years. Fast forward two months and those 
echoes are louder, and now with reverberations from 2024 as well. The 
same pattern of better-than-expected growth adding to inflation fears and 
the market pricing in fewer Fed rate cuts/more rate hikes has occurred in 
three of the last four years. The markets initially wobbled during the first 
two episodes, but overheating fears abated, rate hike expectations faded, 
interest rates fell, economic growth stayed resilient, and risk assets resumed 
their grind higher. The third time is also likely to be a charm.
Once can be random, twice may still be coincidental, but three times look 
like a pattern, suggesting that there’s something about the US economy 
that investors are fundamentally misreading. Specifically, how fast it can 
grow while not generating accelerating inflation, absent supply-side 
shocks. The latest growth data make this point. The third release of 2Q 
GDP growth was revised up to 2.2% from 1.5%. As a result, nominal GDP 
growth through 2Q is now estimated to be 6.3% over the prior year, the 
first time y/y nominal growth exceeded 6% since 2Q24.
Nominal growth at this level gives credence to the conjecture over two 
years ago that the US economy has landed at a sustainable 6% GDP 
growth rate (or less elegantly, 5-6%). That range for nominal growth has 
mostly held for the past 2.5 years (growth in both 1Q and 2Q25 was 4.8% 
before it rebounded to 5.5% and 5.1% in the second half of the year). This 
nominal growth threshold has held despite the negative shocks of higher 
tariffs and oil prices. Nor is it just due to high inflation. Real GDP grew 3% 
and 2.3% in 2024 and 2025, respectively, and 2.4% in 1H26. Whether 
such growth, which has benefited greatly from AI-related investment 
and wealth effects, can be sustained for another 2.5 years is certainly 
debatable, but it is quite likely to persist at least into early 2027.
For the near-term investment outlook, the question is whether the other 
parts of the 2023 and 2024 macroeconomic pattern also play out. Growth 
exceeding expectations has already occurred. The rise in rates also closely 
parallels the prior years, especially 2023. Not just in the magnitude of the 
rise, but the reason why rates rose. From the start of January to the start 
of October, the 10-year Treasury yield rose 105bps in 2023 and 108bps 
in 2026 (Fig. 1). In both years, the rise was due almost entirely to higher 
real rates (96bps and 100bps, respectively), with inflation expectations 
increasing only 10bps (Fig. 2). Thus, even though there were overheating 
  
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and 
disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 6

Blog
concerns in both years and core PCE inflation was over 3%, better-than-
expected growth is what drove yields higher.
Fig. 1: The rise in yields in 2026 is tracking 2023
10-year Treasury yield
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 2 Oct 2026
Fig. 2: Higher real yields rising in parallel in 2023 and 2026
10-year real yield
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 2 Oct 2026
That suggests that growth needs to slow in order for rates to decline from 
their current levels, but that’s not necessarily true. A rapid deterioration in 
the growth outlook would certainly result in a sharp decline in yields. But 
lower yields can also result from fading expectations for Fed rate hikes and 
that doesn’t require growth to slow. After the steep yield rise in 2023, the 
inflection lower began in late October after overheating concerns eased 
and Fed communication signaled that additional hikes were unlikely. The 
10-year yield then fell 100bps by year-end.
Repeating that scenario through year-end is a definite possibility, 
although a 100bp drop in the 10-year yield is unlikely. The softer-than-
Page 2 of 6

Blog
expected August PCE inflation and September payrolls eased some of the 
overheating concern. New York Fed President Williams and Fed Vice-Chair 
Jefferson also gave speeches last week making the case for the Fed to take 
its time before raising rates again. The combination of these developments 
led market pricing for an October rate hike to fall from 65% to 22% over 
the week. Now it’s up to inflation to play its part, declining enough for the 
Fed to hike only one more time in December, as we assume.
While the stars appear to be aligning for this scenario to play out, investors 
have yet to embrace it. It’s hard to explain price action on Friday otherwise. 
Yields and Fed rate hike expectations declined immediately after the soft 
jobs report was released, but the 10-year ultimately finished the day 3bps 
higher, and 11bps higher on the week. This disconnect between yields and 
economic fundamentals and policy guidance is likely due to technicals, as 
investors remain concerned that yields haven’t peaked and are reluctant 
buyers. Such caution may persist until there’s more confidence that 
inflation will decline at a steady pace, and that likely hinges on the belief 
that oil prices will head sustainably lower. Admittedly, such confidence is 
tenuous while the risk of escalation in the US-Iran war is elevated.
The bottom line: Macroeconomic conditions in 2026 are rhyming with 
those in 2023 and 2024, which bodes well for the market outlook going 
into year-end. Growth has once again exceeded expectations, causing Fed 
rate cut expectations to reverse. But the rise in yields also appears to have 
overshot the level warranted by economic fundamentals and the likely Fed 
policy path. A catalyst for that to reverse has not yet clearly emerged, but 
the data and Fed official commentary last week may, with hindsight, prove 
to be the inflection point. If it does, then risk assets will have a tailwind 
going into year-end. The big-picture takeaway from this “wash-rinse-
repeat” macro pattern is that it suggests that the US really is a 6% growth 
economy. That meets the threshold for a “Roaring ‘20s” macro regime.
Page 3 of 6

Blog
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 4 of 6

Blog
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 5 of 6

Blog
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
