5 October 2026, 11:01 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
What to watch in the week ahead
Weekly Global
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
• Government bond yields reached multi-decade highs before weaker US 
payrolls reduced expectations for an October rate increase by the Fed. 
The Fed minutes and ISM services data will test the balance between 
resilient growth and a more patient policy path. We rate fixed income as 
Attractive, with duration calibrated to investor objectives.
• European bond markets were volatile as inflation accelerated and 
concerns over public finances widened sovereign spreads. German 
industrial production and final business surveys will test the region’s 
improving growth outlook. We remain positive on Eurozone equities and 
see selective opportunities in European bonds.
• Higher rates are increasing differences among companies, economies, 
and securities. This week’s data and central bank communication may 
create further divergence across stocks, currencies, commodities, and 
yield curves. We favor diversified exposure to equity market neutral, 
discretionary macro, and fixed income relative value strategies.
Will US data support yields at multi-decade highs?
US Treasury yields ended a volatile week close to recent highs. The 10-
year yield reached 5.34% on Thursday, its highest intraday level since 
2002, after manufacturing activity remained firmly in expansion and initial 
unemployment claims fell to a 10-week low. September payrolls then 
increased by 29,000, below expectations for 90,000, while July and August 
figures were revised down by a combined 60,000. The 10-year yield initially 
fell after the report before ending Friday at 5.26%, as expectations for an 
imminent Fed rate hike receded.
The Federal Reserve’s September meeting minutes and the ISM services 
survey will be key tests for bond markets this week. Investors will assess 
the strength of support for further tightening and the evidence that could 
persuade policymakers to wait. The services prices component will indicate 
whether higher input costs are spreading through the economy, while 
preliminary consumer sentiment data will show whether elevated energy 
prices and borrowing costs are weighing more heavily on households.
Investors have scaled back expectations for Fed rate hikes over the past 
week, after signs of patience from top Fed officials and a more subdued US 
jobs report. Markets are now pricing just one 25 basis point increase this 
year, in line with our base case. The broader employment picture remains 
consistent with a solid labor market that is keeping pace with population 
growth without generating significant wage pressure. We continue to 
rate fixed income as Attractive. Income-focused investors may prefer 
shorter maturities to limit duration risk, and we remain cautious on the 
  
US rates and fixed income
• Andrew Dubinsky explains why softer 
payroll and wage growth, improving 
labor supply, and encouraging inflation 
data reduce the urgency for an October 
rate increase in Benign data dampen 
Fed urgency.
• Hear Paul Donovan examine the 
disconnect between a stable US labor 
market, weak real wage growth, and 
a falling labor share of the economy in
The labor market anomaly.
• Explore the balance between income, 
potential capital gains, and portfolio 
diversification in Where are the 
opportunities in fixed income?
European bonds and equity markets
• Claudia Panseri and Thomas Wacker 
examine France’s fiscal outlook, 
rising debt-servicing costs, and the 
implications for French bonds in 2027 
French budget: Government unveils EUR 
43 billion package of new measures.
• For the wider investment context, see
September 2026: Month and quarter 
in review, including the pressures on 
European government bonds and the 
resilience of equity markets.
• Hear our latest views on the Fed 
minutes, Eurozone bonds, and hedge 
funds in the four-minute Jump Start
podcast.
Hedge funds
• Discover why higher rates and greater 
market differentiation could favor equity 
market neutral, discretionary macro, and 
fixed income relative value strategies 
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end 
of the document.
Page 1 of 8

Weekly Global
longest maturities given fiscal concerns, rising issuance, and elevated term 
premiums.
Can Eurozone sentiment stabilize after a volatile week?
European government bonds ended a volatile week under pressure as 
higher inflation, fiscal concerns, and widening sovereign spreads pushed 
French borrowing costs to multi-decade highs. French 10-year yields almost 
reached 5% for the first time in nearly 25 years, while the spread over 
German Bunds approached 160 basis points, its widest since late 2011. 
The divergence reflected stronger demand for German government bonds 
and a higher risk premium on more indebted sovereigns, including France. 
Eurozone headline inflation rose to 3.8% year over year in September from 
3.2% in August, exceeding expectations for 3.6%, although core inflation 
increased only modestly to 2.5% from 2.4%.
This week’s data will test whether improving activity can offset the drag 
from higher energy and borrowing costs. German industrial production will 
provide a check on the recovery in the region’s largest economy, while final 
services and composite surveys will indicate whether growth remains broad 
across countries and sectors. The German outlook has already improved: 
Bundesbank President Joachim Nagel said the economy could grow by 
around 1% this year, roughly twice the central bank’s June projection, 
supported by export demand and government investment. Italy also raised 
its 2026 growth estimate to 1% from 0.6% and its 2027 forecast to 0.8% 
from 0.6%. Investors will assess whether firmer growth allows earnings to 
advance without creating broader second-round inflation pressure.
Our view is that contained underlying inflation, resilient economic activity, 
and the tightening already delivered by higher yields should help sentiment 
stabilize. We expect the European Central Bank to raise rates by 25 basis 
points in December rather than deliver the extended tightening cycle 
previously reflected in market pricing. While fiscal pressures in France and 
Italy reinforce the need for selectivity, orderly financing conditions do not 
point to an imminent funding crisis. We remain Attractive on fixed income 
and favor short- to medium-term maturities, stronger investment grade 
issuers, and select French agency, covered, and corporate bonds. We also 
remain positive on Eurozone equities, supported by an improving earnings 
cycle, resilient activity, structural investment, and reasonable valuations.
Can higher rates favor hedge funds?
Higher interest rates have created a more differentiated market 
environment. Financing costs, balance sheet strength, refinancing needs, 
and the ability to fund growth internally now matter more for individual 
companies. The average S&P 500 constituent is carrying implied volatility of 
around 2.5 times index volatility, compared with a more typical 1.8 times. 
The average pairwise stock correlation is around 0.08, versus a median of 
0.23 since 2002. Individual stocks are therefore moving more in response to 
their own fundamentals and less as a single market. Interest rate changes 
have also varied across maturities, altering yield curves and the pricing 
relationships among related securities.
The week ahead may provide further evidence on the degree of 
differentiation among economies and markets. Economic releases and 
central bank communication could lead investors to reach different 
conclusions about consumer demand, business activity, inflation, and 
policy paths across countries. Those differences can affect currencies, 
commodities, yield curves, sectors, and individual companies. They may also 
create opportunities for some hedge fund strategies. Discretionary macro 
in Why higher rates can favor hedge 
funds.
• For a longer-term perspective on our 
hedge fund preferences and the role of 
hedge funds in portfolios, see the CIO 
View on hedge funds.
Page 2 of 8

Weekly Global
managers may find opportunities as central banks respond differently to 
domestic conditions. Equity market neutral strategies may focus on the 
distinction between companies with strong balance sheets and those facing 
higher financing or refinancing costs. Fixed income relative value managers 
may seek to benefit where policy expectations and yields adjust unevenly 
across maturities and related instruments.
We believe higher rates strengthen the case for diversified exposure to 
select hedge fund strategies. Hedge funds generated positive cumulative 
returns during every Federal Reserve tightening cycle since 1994 and 
generally outperformed global bonds. Equity market neutral, discretionary 
macro, and fixed income relative value managers can draw on distinct 
sources of return, while multi-strategy funds can reallocate capital as 
opportunities change. Higher rates do not guarantee strong performance, 
and manager selection remains critical. Investors should diversify across 
managers and strategies, and account for the potential use of leverage, 
limited transparency, volatility, higher fees, illiquidity, and longer lockup 
periods. Allocations should reflect each investor’s objectives, investment 
horizon, and liquidity needs.
Page 3 of 8

Weekly Global
Chart of the week
Political developments in France have been in focus, with French bonds 
selling off in the wake of Prime Minister Sébastien Lecornu's 2027 budget 
proposal. The plan aims to reduce the deficit to 5% of GDP through 
EUR 43 billion of new measures—and EUR 54 billion including previously 
adopted measures. As of writing, the 10-year French government bond 
yield is trading 147 basis points above that of the 10-year German 
government bond, a level not seen since early 2012.
The concerns on borrowing are real. France faces a structural deficit, a 
rising debt burden, and a growing interest bill. Debt-service costs are 
projected to increase from around 4.3% of government revenue currently 
to more than 6% by 2030, making fiscal consolidation progressively harder. 
Nonetheless, France’s latest debt sale attracted solid demand, with around 
EUR 12 billion of securities between two and three times subscribed, 
while the region’s institutional framework provides tools to limit disorderly 
fragmentation. We therefore see a case for selectivity within European 
fixed income, not abandonment of the asset class. Within France, we see 
attractive risk-reward in select agency, covered, and corporate bonds.
OAT-Bund spread reached a 14-year high
Difference between yields on 10-year French and German government bonds, in basis 
points
Bloomberg, UBS, as of 5 October 2026
Page 4 of 8

Non-Traditional Assets
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed 
futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and 
only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment 
funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund 
is speculative and involves significant risks.  Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same 
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount 
of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected 
to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may 
be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and 
expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 
them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 
investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:

Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with
investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid
investments.

Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers
focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They
involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax,
real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated
with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice,
and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of
investment.

Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other
risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.
Weekly Global
Page 5 of 8

Weekly Global
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 6 of 8

Weekly Global
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 7 of 8

Weekly Global
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
