CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Weekly 
commentary
October 5, 2026
U.S. dollar: surprisingly resilient
•
Fundamentals help explain the dollar’s resilience, supporting our view that it’s 
too soon to call for its demise. Yet we don’t think this portends a sustained rally.                                         
•
A soft U.S. jobs report helped cap gains in U.S. 10-year Treasury yields. Yet the 
structural forces driving long-term yields remain intact. 
•
We look to September FOMC meeting minutes for details on the central bank’s 
discussion underscoring its first rate hike in three years.                                                                  
The U.S. dollar has rallied over the past month, taking its gains this year to about 
4% against developed-market currencies. Its resilience suggests it may be too 
soon to write off the dollar’s long-term role. Familiar drivers like rate differentials 
and risk sentiment help explain the rebound. Yet the greenback is stronger than 
the level suggested by our analysis. With markets pricing more Fed tightening than 
we think will materialize, there is limited scope for a sustained dollar bull run.
Visit BlackRock Investment 
Institute for insights on the 
global economy, markets 
and geopolitics.
The dollar’s journey over the past 18 months has been telling. It fell sharply after 
President Donald Trump’s “Liberation Day” tariff announcements fueled 
warnings about dollar debasement, stabilized, then weakened again this summer 
amid Fed credibility concerns. It has since rebounded as Fed rate expectations 
swung dramatically – from as many as two cuts this year to one hike already 
delivered and more tightening priced. The dollar has closely tracked the resulting 
shift in two-year yield differentials. See the chart. The DXY has now retraced most 
of its post-April 2 tariff decline. That supports our pushback last year against the 
dollar debasement narrative. Yet we don’t expect a sustained appreciation cycle. 
Even with Fed repricing, strong U.S. growth and robust equity inflows, our 
analysis suggests the dollar is stronger than these and other fundamental drivers 
imply. The bar for further gains is high.
Roelof Salomons
Chief Investment Strategist 
for the Netherlands and the 
Nordics – BlackRock 
Investment Institute
Wei Li
Global Chief Investment 
Strategist – BlackRock
Michel Dilmanian
Portfolio Strategist – 
BlackRock Investment 
Institute
Swing dollar
U.S. dollar index vs. trade-weighted two-year yield differential, 2022–2026
Jean Boivin
Head – BlackRock 
Investment Institute
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
90
95
100
105
110
115
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Yield differentials (pp)
DXY index
DXY index
Weighted 2y yield differential (right)
Source: BlackRock Investment Institute, with data from LSEG Datastream, October 2026. Notes: The orange line shows 
the U.S. Dollar Index (DXY). The yellow line shows the trade-weighted average U.S. two-year yield differential versus 
Germany, Japan, the UK, Canada, Sweden and Switzerland (right axis), using DXY currency weights. Yield differentials are 
shown in percentage points.
 

FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, AUSTRIA, GERMANY, FRANCE, ITALY, LIECHTENSTEIN, IRELAND, SPAIN, PORTUGUAL, BELGIUM, UK, LUXEMBOURG, SWITZERLAND, 
NETHERLANDS, NORWAY, FINLAND, SWEDEN, DENMARK, ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR INSTITUTIONAL, 
PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND QUALIFIED CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Start with the Fed rate path. The dramatic repricing has provided a powerful boost to the dollar and dollar assets this year. 
Markets have gone from pricing cuts at the start of the year to pricing roughly four more hikes over the next 12 months, on 
top of last month’s rate increase. We think that is too much. Last week’s weaker-than-expected jobs report highlights a macro 
backdrop that remains fluid. If expectations for further Fed tightening are pared back, the yield differentials that have helped 
drive the dollar’s rebound could narrow and weigh on the currency. A weaker dollar would reinforce our broader risk-on stance 
and create a more supportive backdrop for our EM equity overweight.
Next come capital flows. Strong U.S. growth, corporate earnings and AI investment have helped U.S. equities outperform 
since the start of the war in Iran, drawing global capital into dollar assets. Foreign investors poured nearly $1 trillion into U.S. 
equities and investment fund shares in the 12 months to July, including a record $426 billion in the second quarter alone, 
according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis. We expect that support to persist as earnings growth stays robust. U.S. equity 
outperformance should provide a partial offset if Fed repricing narrows yield differentials and weighs on the dollar.
Our analysis also captures traditional drivers, including risk sentiment and term premium. The latter has eased slightly after 
briefly rising this summer, as the Fed’s September hike helped restore central bank credibility. On balance, we see little room 
for another sustained dollar upswing. Instead, we see the currency staying around current levels, if not somewhat weaker. 
That is hard to square with the structural debasement narrative that started emerging last year: if investors were losing 
confidence in the dollar’s long-term role, we would expect a bigger deviation from the dollar’s fundamental drivers. That 
doesn’t mean the risks have disappeared. The fiscal backdrop remains challenging, with a $1.9 trillion deficit and public debt 
near 101% of GDP. While not a driver of the dollar today, these risks could return to the fore.
Bottom line: The dollar’s resilience shows its moves are still largely explained by fundamental drivers rather than concerns 
about its long-term role. A stable or moderately weaker dollar would also reinforce our EM equity overweight. 
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Indexes are unmanaged and do not account for fees. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. 
Sources: BlackRock Investment Institute, with data from LSEG Datastream as of October 1, 2026. Notes: The two ends of the bars show the lowest and highest res at any point year to date, 
and the dots represent current year-to-date res. Emerging market (EM), high yield and global corporate investment grade (IG) res are denominated in U.S. dollars, and the rest in local 
currencies. Indexes or prices used are: spot Brent crude, ICE U.S. Dollar Index (DXY), spot gold, spot bitcoin, MSCI Emerging Markets Index, MSCI Europe Index, LSEG Datastream 10-year 
benchmark government bond index (U.S., Germany and Italy), Bloomberg Global High Yield Index, J.P. Morgan EMBI Index, Bloomberg Global Corporate Index and MSCI USA Index.
Market backdrop 
The global bond selloff deepened last week, with U.S. 10-year Treasury yields climbing to 5.34%, their highest level since 
2002.  A softer-than-expected jobs report added to the volatility as investor expectations for Fed tightening whipsawed. We 
see a consistent story: shifts in Fed expectations can influence rate moves in the near term, but they do not alter the 
structural forces driving long-term yields, including the intensifying competition for capital we have long described. 
Assets in review
Selected asset performance, year-to-date return and range
-33%
94%
68%
-20% -15% -10% -5%
0%
5%
10% 15% 20% 25% 30% 35% 40%
Italian 10-year BTP
U.S. 10-year Treasury
Gold
Global corporate IG
Bitcoin
German 10-year Bund
Hard-currency EM debt
Global high yield
U.S. dollar index
European equities
U.S. equities
EM equities
Brent crude
Total return
2026 range
Year-to-date
 

Overweight
Underweight
—
Neutral
▼
▲
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Week ahead
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Oct. 5
Global composite/services 
PMI final 
Oct. 7
FOMC minutes 
Oct. 6
U.S. international trade; EU 
& UK construction PMI
Oct. 9
UMich preliminary consumer 
sentiment
We look to September FOMC meeting minutes in a light macroeconomic data week. After the Fed raised interest 
rates for the first time in three years, we’re keen to see how hawkish the discussion surrounding the decision was 
among committee members. We also eye preliminary consumer sentiment data from the University of Michigan, 
after the index fell to its second-lowest reading ever at the end of September. 
From drivers to portfolio expressions
Note: Views are from a U.S. dollar perspective, September 2026. This material represents an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and is not intended to be a forecast of future events 
or a guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research or investment advice regarding any particular funds, strategy or security. 
Driver
What we think
Portfolio expression
Growth and AI scarcity
The AI buildout is speeding up, 
making bottlenecks binding. 
Overweight U.S. and EM equities; focus on AI 
bottleneck opportunities: power, chips and data 
centers. 
Duration and 
diversification
Long bonds carry high rate sensitivity 
and are less reliable diversifiers.
Prefer short- and medium-term government 
bonds over long bonds for income.
Credit spreads and 
liquidity 
Selectivity is crucial amid tight 
spreads and uneven fundamentals.
Credit with clear cash flows, lender protections 
and recovery value; higher-rated high yield.
Inflation and  scarcity
Scarcity, secure supply and power 
demand carry inflation risks.
Infrastructure, energy bottlenecks, EM local debt 
and real-asset-linked exposures.
Alpha opportunity
Macro outcomes matter again in the 
new regime.
Macro hedge funds, venture capital, market-
neutral strategies, and selected private credit and 
non-U.S. alpha. 
Our highest conviction views, September 2026
Intersecting mega forces
Since we launched our mega forces framework, it has become clearer how their intersection shapes almost all our investment views 
and opens up alpha opportunities. They cut across asset class labels, spurring a rethink of portfolio construction. Investors need to 
be deliberate about the economic or thematic exposures they own, the vehicles they use to implement them and their investment 
horizons. 
Digital disruption 
and AI: 
Technologies are 
transforming how 
we live and work.
Energy transition 
and resilience: 
Energy systems 
are being reshaped 
by growing 
demand, tech 
change, physical 
climate risks and 
evolving policy 
priorities.
Geopolitical 
fragmentation and 
strategic 
competition: 
Globalization is 
being rewired as 
competition 
between major 
powers intensifies.
Future of finance: 
A fast-evolving 
financial 
architecture is 
changing how 
households and 
companies use 
cash, borrow, 
transact and seek 
returns.
Demographic 
divergence: The 
world is split 
between aging 
advanced 
economies and 
younger emerging 
markets – with 
different 
implications.
 

Overweight
Underweight
—
Neutral
▼
▲
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, ​
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. ​
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Asset class implications
Six- to 12-month tactical positioning, October 2026
This shows the implementation of our key investment views from the previous page through an asset class lens. 
Asset
Positioning
Commentary
Equities
Developed markets
United States
We are overweight. Strong corporate earnings, fueled by the AI buildout and a favorable macro 
backdrop, are outpacing higher interest rate expectations. 
Europe
We are neutral. We would need to see more business-friendly policy and deeper capital markets 
for Europe to outperform. We favor financials, infrastructure, and industrials.
UK
We are neutral. Valuations remain attractive relative to the U.S., but we see few near-term 
catalysts to trigger a shift.
Japan
We are neutral. Strong corporate balance sheets and governance reforms remain supportive. 
We prefer targeted exposures to physical AI and the buildout’s bottlenecks. 
Emerging markets
We are overweight. Strong earnings and cheaper valuations create opportunities. We 
particularly like different expressions of the AI scarcity theme across Asia and Latin America.
China
We are neutral. We see opportunities in physical AI. Cheap, open-source AI could drive adoption, 
but that doesn’t necessarily translate into AI-provider profitability.
Short U.S. Treasuries
We are neutral. We prefer short- and medium-term Treasuries, given the attractive risk-adjusted 
income on offer.
Long U.S. Treasuries
We are underweight. We see investors wanting more compensation for holding long-term bonds 
amid persistent inflation and high debt loads. Long-duration bonds also are a less reliable 
portfolio diversifier in the new regime.
Fixed Income
Global inflation-linked 
bonds
We are neutral. We see inflation settling above pre-pandemic levels, but markets may not price 
this in the near term as economic growth could slow.
Euro area govt bonds
We are neutral short- and medium-term bonds. Current ECB rate pricing looks fairly valued 
given the balance of risks. Higher energy prices could push rates higher. We prefer to deploy 
risk elsewhere. 
UK gilts
We are neutral. We expect periods of elevated volatility given political uncertainty, longer-term 
bonds making up a larger market share, and buyers becoming more price-sensitive.
Japanese govt bonds
We are underweight. Rate hikes, higher global term premium and heavy bond issuance will 
likely drive yields up further. 
China govt bonds
We are neutral. China bonds offer stability and diversification but developed market yields are 
higher. A shift in investor sentiment toward equities limits upside. 
U.S. agency MBS
We are overweight. Agency MBS offer higher income than Treasuries with similar risk and 
may offer more diversification amid fiscal and inflationary pressures.
Short-term IG credit
We are neutral. Spreads are tight due to corporate strength; they could widen if issuance 
increases or risk appetite shifts.
Long-term IG credit
We are underweight. We prefer short-term bonds less exposed to interest rate risk over long-
term bonds. 
Global high yield
We are neutral. High yield offers attractive income. We prefer higher-rated U.S. and European 
high yield over investment grade and see dispersion of returns increasing. 
Asia credit
We are neutral. Overall yields are attractive and fundamentals are solid, but spreads are tight. 
Emerging hard currency
We are neutral. Fundamentals have improved, but we see a more attractive risk-reward profile in 
EM local debt.
Emerging local currency
We are overweight. We like the yield relative to its volatility and improving fundamentals.
Underweight
Neutral
Overweight
 Previous positioning
       
       
       
       
       
  
       
       
       
  
       
  
       
       
  
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Note: Views are from a U.S. dollar perspective. This material represents an assessment of the 
market environment at a specific time and is not intended to be a forecast or guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon as investment advice regarding any particular fund, strategy 
or security. 
       
  
  
  
       
 

FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, AUSTRIA, BELGIUM, DENMARK, FINLAND, FRANCE, GERMANY, IRELAND, ISRAEL, ITALY, LIECHENSTEIN, 
LUXEMBOURG, NETHERLANDS, NORWAY, PORTUGAL, SOUTH AFRICA, SPAIN, SWEDEN, SWITZERLAND, THE UNITED KINGDOM, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. FOR 
INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, QUALIFIED CLIENTS/INVESTORS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES. 
General disclosure: This document is marketing material, is intended for information and educational purposes only, and does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation or an 
offer or solicitation to purchase or sell any securities or any investment strategies. The opinions expressed are as of October 5, 2026 and are subject to change without notice. Reliance 
upon information in this material is at the sole discretion of the reader. Investing involves risks. This information is not intended to be complete or exhaustive and no representations or 
warranties, either express or implied, are made regarding the accuracy or completeness of the information contained herein. This material may contain estimates and forward-looking 
statements, which may include forecasts and do not represent a guarantee of future performance. 
In EMEA, in the UK and Non-European Economic Area (EEA) countries: this is Issued by BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority. Registered office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL. Tel: + 44 (0)20 7743 3000. Registered in England and Wales No. 02020394. For your protection 
telephone calls are usually recorded. Please refer to the Financial Conduct Authority website for a list of authorised activities conducted by BlackRock. In the European Economic Area 
(EEA): this is Issued by BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. is authorised and regulated by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. Registered office Amstelplein 1, 1096 HA, 
Amsterdam, Tel: 31-20-549- 5200. Trade Register No. 17068311 For your protection telephone calls are usually recorded. In Italy, for information on investor rights and how to raise 
complaints please go to https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/compliance/investor-right available in Italian. BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited - Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) Branch is 
a Branch of a Foreign Company registered with the Abu Dhabi Global Market Registration Authority (Registered number 21523), with its office at Floor 25, Al Sila Tower, Abu Dhabi Global 
Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, UAE, and is regulated by the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) to engage in the regulated activities of ‘Arranging Deals in 
Investments’; ‘Advising on Investments or Credit’ ‘Managing Assets’; and ‘Managing in a Collective Investment Fund’ (FRSA Reference 240099). Blackrock Advisors (UK) Limited - Dubai 
Branch is a Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) Foreign Recognised Company registered with the DIFC Registrar of Companies (DIFC Registered Number 546), with its office at 
Unit L15 - 01A, ICD Brookfield Place, DIFC, PO Box 506661, Dubai, UAE, and is regulated by the DFSA to engage in the regulated activities of ‘Advising on Financial Products’ and 
‘Arranging Deals in Investments’ in or from the DIFC, both of which are limited to units in a collective investment fund (DFSA Reference Number F000738). 
In Albania, Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Botswana, Bulgaria, Egypt, Georgia, Ghana, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kosovo, Lebanon, Mauritius, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, North 
Macedonia, Pakistan, Rwanda, Serbia, Tanzania, Turkey, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Zambia, Zimbabwe, this document is intended strictly for central banks and sovereign investors only. In Israel: 
BlackRock Investment Management (UK)  Limited is not licensed under Israel’s Regulation of Investment Advice, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995 (the 
“Advice Law”), nor does it carry insurance thereunder. In South Africa, please be advised that BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is an authorized financial services provider 
with the South African Financial Services Board, FSP No. 43288. In the ADGM, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Clients. In the DIFC, this 
material is intended strictly for Professional Clients as defined under the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) Conduct of Business (COB) Rules. In the Kingdom of Bahrain and the 
Sultanate of Oman, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for sophisticated institutions. In the State of Kuwait, the information contained in this document is 
intended strictly for sophisticated institutions that are ‘Professional Clients’ as defined under the Kuwait Capital Markets Law and its Executive Bylaws. In Qatar, the information contained 
in this document is intended strictly for sophisticated investors and high net worth investors. In the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, this material is for distribution to Institutional and Qualified 
Clients (as defined by the Implementing Regulations issued by Capital Market Authority) only and should not be relied upon by any other persons. In United Arab Emirates (UAE) (excluding 
the DIFC and the ADGM: the information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Investors. In Australia and New Zealand, issued by BlackRock Investment 
Management (Australia) Limited ABN 13 006 165 975 AFSL 230 523 (BIMA). The material provides general information only and does not take into account your individual objectives, 
financial situation, needs or circumstances. Refer to BIMAL’s Financial Services Guide on its website for more information. In New Zealand, this material is for the exclusive use of the 
recipient, who warrants by receipt of this material that they are a wholesale client as defined under the New Zealand Financial Advisers Act 2008 respectively. BIMAL is not licensed by a 
New Zealand regulator to provide ‘Financial Advice Service’ ‘Investment manager under an FMC offer’ or ‘Keeping, investing, administering, or managing money, securities, or investment 
portfolios on behalf of other persons’. BIMAL’s registration on the New Zealand register of financial service providers does not mean that BIMAL is subject to active regulation or oversight 
by a New Zealand regulator. In China, this material may not be distributed to individuals resident in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”, for such purposes, excluding Hong Kong, Macau 
and Taiwan) or entities registered in the PRC unless such parties have received all the required PRC government approvals to participate in any investment or receive any investment 
advisory or investment management services. In Hong Kong, this material is issued by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited and has not been reviewed by the Securities and 
Futures Commission of Hong Kong. In Japan, this is issued by BlackRock Japan. Co., Ltd. (Financial Instruments Business Operator: The Kanto Regional Financial Bureau. License No375, 
Association Memberships: Japan Investment Advisers Association, The Investment Trusts Association, Japan, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms 
Association) for Institutional Investors only. All strategies or products BLK Japan offer through the discretionary investment contracts or through investment trust funds do not guarantee 
the principal amount invested. The risks and costs of each strategy or product we offer cannot be indicated here because the financial instruments in which they are invested vary each 
strategy or product. In Singapore, this is issued by BlackRock (Singapore) Limited (Co. registration no. 200010143N). This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed by the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. In South Korea, this information is issued by BlackRock Investment (Korea) Limited, for distribution to Qualified Professional Investors (as defined in the 
Financial Investment Services and Capital Market Act and its sub-regulations). In Taiwan, independently operated by BlackRock Investment Management (Taiwan) Limited. Address: 28F., 
No. 100, Songren Rd., Xinyi Dist., Taipei City 110, Taiwan. Tel: (02)23261600. For other APAC countries, this material is issued for Institutional Investors only (or 
professional/sophisticated /qualified investors, as such term may apply in local jurisdictions). In Latin America, no securities regulator within Latin America has confirmed the accuracy of 
any information contained herein. The provision of investment management and investment advisory services is a regulated activity in Mexico thus is subject to strict rules. For more 
information on the Investment Advisory Services offered by BlackRock Mexico please refer to the Investment Services Guide available at www.blackrock.com/mx. 
©2026 BlackRock, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a trademark of BlackRock, Inc., or its affiliates. All other trademarks are those of their respective owner.
BlackRock Investment Institute
The BlackRock Investment Institute (BII) leverages the firm’s expertise and generates proprietary research to provide 
insights on macroeconomics, sustainable investing, geopolitics and portfolio construction to help BlackRock’s portfolio 
managers and clients navigate financial markets. BII offers strategic and tactical market views, publications and digital 
tools that are underpinned by proprietary research. 
Not FDIC Insured • May Lose Value • No Bank Guarantee
 
