 ECONOMY
October 02, 2026
Softer Job Growth, Stronger Consumer, Inflation Revised Lower
By Michael J. Bazdarich, PhD
This was a busy data-release week, with benchmark revisions to gross domestic product (GDP) and inflation on
Wednesday, along with August consumer spending, and then September jobs data today. We’ll cover each of those in
turn, starting with the jobs numbers. Keep in mind that the jobs data run through September, whereas the consumer
spending and inflation data are through August.
Private-sector payroll jobs rose by 45,000 in August, and those gains were offset by a -60,000 downward revision to the
August jobs estimate. A month ago, pundits were fretting about the supposedly strong August job numbers, and today
the news stories focus on how soft September data were. We have been taking a more circumspect tack, pointing out
that these numbers generally bounce around from month to month. Underneath the month-to-month noise, job growth
remains moderate, though at a better pace than we saw over 2023-2025. 
Exhibit 1: Private-Sector Job Growth: Healthcare vs. Other Sectors 
 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics, as of 30 Sep 26. 

Health care and social services continue to “punch above their weight.” From 2023-2025, these two sectors accounted
for 80% of job growth, even though they comprised only 20% of the level of jobs. This year, job growth in these two
sectors has slowed noticeably, while job growth elsewhere has picked up, but health care and social services still
account for 40% of private-sector payroll job growth over 2026 to date.
While job growth has been better recently, the pace over the last four years is still much slower than the 200,000 per
month gains that typified the 2010s. The reasons appear to revolve around slower population growth and a reaction to
the Covid pandemic and shutdown. US population growth has slowed with reduced fertility, an aging of the population,
and—apparently over the last year—a decline in immigration. 
And since the pandemic, labor-force participation rates have embarked on a declining trend, whereas participation rates
were rising in the late-2010s, even with an aging population. (Baby boomers started hitting retirement age as early as
2011.) None of these trends seem likely to reverse anytime soon, and so average monthly gains of 50,000 to 100,000 in
private-sector payroll jobs will likely be the new normal. 
Meanwhile, with unemployment rates stable and wage growth within desired ranges, there is nothing in the labor-force
data pushing the Federal Reserve toward further policy tightening. If the central bank does raise rates again, it will likely
be because of other factors unrelated to the labor markets.
One bright spot within the jobs data has been a continued improvement in factory activity. Throughout 2026, factory
jobs have stemmed their slide of the previous three years, and factory production hours worked have been rising
substantially following declines in 2023-2024 and no change last year. This is not quite a factory boom, but it is a
marked improvement from preceding trends.
Turning to GDP and Personal Consumption Expenditure (PCE) inflation, these data were revised back to the first
quarter (1Q) of 2018. For the record, GDP growth rates from 2018 through 2023 were essentially unrevised, but 2024
was revised from 2.4% to 2.6% and 2025 unrevised at 2.0%. Growth rates for 2026 were revised more; 1Q2026 was
revised from 2.1% to 2.5%, and 2Q2026 from 1.5% to 2.2%. The upgrade to 1Q growth came mostly in the area of
foreign trade in services. The 2Q upgrade was spread across upward revisions to foreign trade in goods, inventories,
consumer spending and business equipment investment, listed from largest to smallest contributors. 
Exhibit 2: Core inflation, CPI & PCE 
 
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics, Bureau of Economic Analysis, as of 31 Aug 26. 

Core PCE inflation is the Fed’s inflation target indicator of choice. Its rate for 2026 to date was revised down by
0.4%-percentage points, from 3.4% to 3.0%. Exhibit 2 shows the monthly inflation rates for the core Consumer Price
Index (CPI) and core PCE, the latter before (dashed line) and after (solid line) revisions. As you can see, the PCE still
shows a flare-up over December 2025 through May 2026, just not as sharp a flare-up as previously reported. It is
notable first that this flare-up was not echoed in the CPI, and second, that this flare-up preceded the outbreak of
hostilities in Iran by three months. 
What is encouraging is that the PCE and CPI have moving more in consonance lately and that both the core CPI and
PCE have been behaving more in line with Fed targets recently, despite the continued high oil prices and other travails
associated with the Iran conflict. Previously, we have mentioned that reported shelter costs have flared up this year,
even though home prices have been roughly flat. 
Core PCE inflation excluding shelter was also revised down by 0.4%-age points and over the last year is also running at
3.0%, compared to 2.0% for the core CPI excluding shelter. The larger gap between PCE and CPI here compared to the
overall core reflects a much higher weight for shelter in the CPI than in the PCE. The wider gap between PCE and CPI
for core inflation excluding shelter just emphasizes how much difference the PCE and CPI have shown recently for some
components. (Shelter cost inflation is identical between the PCE and CPI, but, again, shelter has a much higher weight
in the CPI than in the PCE.) 
Exhibit 3: Real Consumer Spending by Type 
 
Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis, as of 31 Aug 26. 
Finally, Exhibit 3 shows consumer spending for goods and services separately, with a few especially volatile
components excluded. Goods spending bounced in August, echoing the strong retail sales data we discussed in our
post on September 16. Services spending showed slightly slower growth, but still looks to be on a steady trend. We
remarked above that consumer spending was revised higher for 2Q data, but neither the goods nor services show any
acceleration in growth so far this year. Rather, the upward revisions erased the slight 2026 slowing these measures had
previously evinced. Rather, the net pickup in GDP growth reported for the year-to-date has occurred mostly in business
equipment investment, presumably related to data centers and artificial intelligence. 
© Western Asset Management Company, LLC 2025. The information contained in these materials ("the materials") is intended for the exclusive use of the designated
recipient ("the recipient"). This information is proprietary and confidential and may contain commercially sensitive information, and may not be copied, reproduced or
republished, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Western Asset Management Company ("Western Asset"). 
Past performance does not predict future returns. These materials should not be deemed to be a prediction or projection of future performance. These
materials are intended for investment professionals including professional clients, eligible counterparties, and qualified investors only. 
These materials have been produced for illustrative and informational purposes only. These materials contain Western Asset's opinions and beliefs as of the date
designated on the materials; these views are subject to change and may not reflect real-time market developments and investment views. 
Third party data may be used throughout the materials, and this data is believed to be accurate to the best of Western Asset's knowledge at the time of publication, but
cannot be guaranteed. These materials may also contain strategy or product awards or rankings from independent third parties or industry publications which are based on
unbiased quantitative and/or qualitative information determined independently by each third party or publication. In some cases, Western Asset may subscribe to these
third party's standard industry services or publications. These standard subscriptions and services are available to all asset managers and do not influence rankings or
awards in any way. 

Investment strategies or products discussed herein may involve a high degree of risk, including the loss of some or all capital. Investments in any products or strategies
described in these materials may be volatile, and investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept such risks. 
Unless otherwise noted, investment performance contained in these materials is reflective of a strategy composite. All other strategy data and information included in these
materials reflects a representative portfolio which is an account in the composite that Western Asset believes most closely reflects the current portfolio management style
of the strategy. Performance is not a consideration in the selection of the representative portfolio. The characteristics of the representative portfolio shown may differ from
other accounts in the composite. Information regarding the representative portfolio and the other accounts in the composite are available upon request. Statements in
these materials should not be considered investment advice. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers in the materials are for illustrative purposes
only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendation to purchase or sell such securities. Employees and/or clients of Western Asset may
have a position in the securities or issuers mentioned. 
These materials are not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal, tax, investment or other advice. The recipient should consult its own
counsel, accountant, investment, tax, and any other advisers for this advice, including economic risks and merits, related to making an investment with Western Asset. The
recipient is responsible for observing the applicable laws and regulations of their country of residence. 
Founded in 1971, Western Asset Management Company is a global fixed-income investment manager with offices in Pasadena, New York, London, Singapore, Tokyo,
Melbourne, São Paulo, Hong Kong, and Zürich. Western Asset is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. but operates autonomously. Western Asset is
comprised of six legal entities across the globe, each with distinct regional registrations: Western Asset Management Company, LLC, a registered Investment Adviser with
the Securities and Exchange Commission; Western Asset Management Company Ltda. is regulated by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários; Western Asset Management
Company Pty Ltd ABN 41 117 767 923 is the holder of the Australian Financial Services License 303160; Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. Co. Reg. No.
200007692R is a holder of a Capital Markets Services License for fund management and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; Western Asset Management
Company Ltd, a registered Financial Instruments Business Operator and regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan; and Western Asset Management Company
Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") (FRN 145930). This communication is intended for distribution to Professional Clients only if
deemed to be a financial promotion in the UK as defined by the FCA. This communication may also be intended for certain EEA countries where Western Asset has been
granted permission to do so. For the current list of the approved EEA countries please contact Western Asset at +44 (0)20 7422 3000. 
