GS McGeoch - GS Materials Oct 5....RIO process creep, VALE
updraft, GLEN in Aust, AAL baby steps and EU Utils previews
(upgrades incoming). 5 Oct 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Materials Sector Specialist
5 Oct 2026
DXY 102.27 CNH 6.71 10YR 5.25 Gold 4154 Copper 14,327 Oil 101.76
China Closed (till Thur), ASX on a public holiday (volume very low, largely ignore)…..Friday note Sugar
rallied > 5% (+8% on the week), it’s a supply story – Sugar week this week (London). Mkt transitions to a
deficit in 2026/7 (Brazil talking crop down – heavy rains, India – Monsoon lower and export bans,
Thailand – Drought and we are all looing to the Super El Nino, see GIR note from Sept 2 ). My lateral
point is Copper is also a “supply story”, had a pretty significant week with Chile August production
-12.5% y/y and no one cared. Recall China prodn in July -9.5%, to my eye the headline rallied the space in
the region of $500t. Its been caught up in the broader cons de-risk, i posted my thought son Friday on the
"long duration" Copper opportunity. A few other bits of note …Eyes on VALE.US basis the election result
with VALE/BHP on the lows (Brazil futures +3% last look,GIR thoughts ), in Utils EDP (20% of
business), less relevant but an eye on IBE, ENEL. NTGY. See below the team preview the Utils names for
Q3, hasnt been a happy place to hold length, despite that numbers will be good and upgrade risk is real.
RIO.LN – have eyes on this process, Infrastructure Auction. Recall they are looking to realise $5bn by
year end. So the first ask in RIO is Iron Ore – last $90.95, looks sick. The worst part is net backs have
been smashed as freight has rallied over Q3 and price has fallen. Q3 wont be great, realised prices will be
impacted through Q4, the power of the offset (ie metals realised pricing) will be tested. The big Iron Ore
guys are a relative bet – FMG is the biggest and most obvious (structural) short. VALE is second, has u/p
and will be tested today on the cover basis Brazil, which then folds you to BHP the Aussie index
heavyweight and finally RIO. In Q4 BHP will take the mkt to its Sth Australian Copper assets (Link to
GIR preview of trip,), which leaves you asking what next for RIO….. My view is cost out is meh, no one
cares, Sam walsh did >$3bn. JS approached $2bn, so the current programme is a post previous CEO
cleanup job and the promise of “significantly” more to come is a expected, 1xPE and walk on. So we are
back on Infrastructure deals as the delta, and the bigger ask “what to do with the cash?”. …. The infra
deals are guided for Q4, the article suggests GIC has joined the race along with Ares, IFM, KKR, BGI,
Brookfield, Stonepeak and Apollo. These are world class, generational power/transmission assets or Big
Gorillas for Big Gorilla country... What I beleive RIO needs to show is - by taking time to execute they
can achieve a higher rtn than BHP who executed $2bn in Q4 last year. The bigger ask is whats next for the
cash, noting balance sheets in good order. Fair in context is BHP has raised >$6.5bn and done nothing
with it, whilst re-rating over the recent period. I know that the mkt is leaning small short RIO, using it to
hedge the longs in Steel, Copper and today VALE gets a clip at an index level. RIO needs to cast its line
and the mkt is looking for the new CEO to makes a statement. Personally, i need to see it before i buy it,

iron ore needs to rally and freight needs to compress and China prop/infra is not looking great ...the note
you want to read is this one Rethinking Infrastructure: Valuing potential Pilbara power monetisation
Because precious is the "upside assymetry" that everyone wants a reason to own, had all eyes on Fridays
NFP - Link to GIR… The modest increase in payrolls largely reflected continued strength in healthcare as
well as small gains in construction and durable goods manufacturing, likely supported by AI-related
demand. Post the revisions the 3m avg growth at 51k is inline with our estimate of the breakeven
pace……
GLEN – a few interesting bits last Friday – Marketing guidance upgraded – See GIR and receives
approval for Agua Rica deposit in Argentina…recall the eyes here are on the CDI in Australia form Oct
14. Its more about how we observe what the mkt does, still see this as the highest interest name to add
(MT.NA the highest interest as an existing long), post the coy doing a very extensive roadshow in
Australia this week and next, they will be at the GS Mining Conference in London
AAL.LN – if I was watching a date, APEC summit late Nov (18-19), APEC CEO summit (nov 17-18),
with both Carney and Xi attending...... From Friday the press links “China is reportedly seeking binding
copper-concentrate supply commitments to Chinese smelters as a condition for approving the $54bn
Anglo-Teck merger”…. remember their are two ways to skin the cat, behavioural (is supply agreements)
or structural (we want an asset - GLEN divested Las Bambas to get XTA.LN). Supply is the easier one,
China already the majoriry consumer of metal, they just want to know that won't change. All my
discussions have not raised any redflags. I still see a lot of money waiting for China approval to step in. In
my mind "if" approved you will see both ANTO.LN and SCCO.US give up some length to AAL.LN. The
coy guide is unchanged for 1Q27 completion, a lot of investors are optomistic we can see it before year
end, will be a key piece of the progress text in the Q3 results.
ITH.LN - $860m East Coast Canada acquistiion, is first foray outside UK. Adds 103 mmboe of 2P
reserves at c.$8/boe and c.30 kboe/d of average 2P production over 2027-31. consideration is $860mn in
upfront cash, with an economic effective date of 1 July 2026 and completion targeted for H1 2027, on top
of which Ithaca may pay up to $250mn of contingent consideration linked to Brent. Link to GIR
National Grid - Small positive. One off FV gains in NG Partners & stronger interconnectors performance
drove £130m outperformance vs expectations in 1H. FY eps growth to be above 13-15% guide (cons small
above top end). We see the mkt looking to add length in NG.LN. Link to GIR
EU Utilis – thoughts ahead of Q3 prints here – the only somber ones are EDPR inline, ORSTED inline, all
the rest strong to very strong (ask is given political backdrop how positive d they want to be) – EDP strong
(capital gains tailwind to add thrust in Q4). NTGY also very strong, ENEL also very strong, NTGY could
do as much at 80% of the guide, RWE could pre-announce basis Sept trading very strong, flexgen,
biomass. …ENGIE should also be strong (EM and BTB higher, will have abigger tailwind in Q4 so look
to the guide v the number per se)
Keep an eye on this, if your not registered you should be....Mining conference.

GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3 link

All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 5 Oct 2026.
