Article | 2 October 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  2 October 2026
  RATES SPARK
Rates Spark: Widening fiscal woes
The higher rates environment is testing risk sentiment as fiscal concerns
move to the forefront. Debt dynamics are no longer deemed only a
French problem; other European countries are coming into focus. The
ECB could soften its tone given tightening financial conditions, but
eurozone CPI and US jobs data are unlikely to give central banks much
room
European bond markets are seeing broader spread widening after the presentation of the French budget
Sentiment turning sour on European debt problems
European bond markets are showing the first signs of broader contagion after the French
budget presentation. We had speculated it could provide temporary relief, as it marked an
effort toward consolidation, but looking further ahead, spreads were more likely to test around
150bp. Relief was even more short-lived than we thought, and a renewed widening has taken
the 10y OAT/Bund spread to almost 140bp already.
More worryingly, spreads of other highly indebted countries – foremost Italy and Greece –
have widened even more than French spreads, with an almost 15bp widening over German
Bunds in the 10y and even more pronounced widening at the short end. This broader risk-off
and flight to safety and liquidity has accelerated the Bund outperformance versus swaps, in
the end showing that Bunds have not lost their safe-haven status as some had feared, given
the muted reaction to geopolitical turmoil over the past month.
The broader risk-off is also helping to curb the aggressive European Central Bank rate hike

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 2 October 2026
2
discount. Market expectations have eased from as many as four hikes over the next 12 months
to at most three hikes with around 70bp of tightening discounted through next September. A
tightening of financial conditions through wider spreads also reduces the need for policy rate
hikes. This would be in line with ECB President Christine Lagarde's argument that elevated
longer-dated yields already do some of the monetary tightening, which she acknowledged at
the recent EU parliamentary hearing. One thing to keep in mind: a broader risk-off makes an
intervention by the ECB in bond markets more likely at the margin, as it is no longer a French
problem.
Friday's events and market view
An important day for data, which includes both eurozone inflation numbers and the
all-important (yet noisy) US payrolls figures. The consensus sees eurozone core
inflation rising from 2.4% to 2.5%, which can still be considered benign given elevated
energy prices. The expectation for non-farm payrolls is a decline from a high 162k in
August to a more moderate 85k for September. Such a number would point to a still
resilient jobs market.
Author
Michiel Tukker
Senior UK & Eurozone Rates Strategist
michiel.tukker@ing.com
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 2 October 2026
3
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
