Article | 5 October 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  5 October 2026
  COMMODITIES DAILY
The Commodities Feed: Diesel release
drives down distillate margins, capping
oil
Oil prices are under pressure amid plans for additional coordinated
releases from strategic reserves. Middle distillate cracks have also
weakened as the releases are set to include diesel
Energy- Trump rules out diesel export ban
Despite ICE Brent breaking below $100/bbl several times last week, the move was relatively
short-lived. The market continues to settle above this key level as it digests a number of
diverging developments. On the bearish side, oil flows through the Strait of Hormuz appear to
be trending higher. G7 nations have agreed to release 100m barrels of oil, including diesel,
while oil flows along Saudi’s East-West pipeline continue to recover. On the bullish side, there’s
still little sign of an end to tensions. We have seen an increase in attacks on commercial
vessels in the Persian Gulf recently.
On Friday, the G7 agreed to release 100m barrels of oil from reserves, which will be
coordinated by the IEA. It will include diesel, which will be front-loaded. These releases will
begin immediately for a period of 4 months, while a substantial diesel release will occur over
the first 20 days. This action reflects the growing tightness in the diesel market as we move

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 5 October 2026
2
closer towards the Northern Hemisphere winter and the threat of a US diesel export ban. The
G7 move has President Trump ruling out the possibility of an export ban.
The release of diesel supplies, together with a reduced risk of a US diesel export bans, has
weighed on middle distillate crack spreads. The ICE gasoil crack narrowed from around $85/bbl
in the middle of last week to about $70/bbl currently. This is helpful in the short term, but the
only permanent solution to the tightness in middle distillate markets is getting refined
products flowing from the Persian Gulf once again.
Further reinforcing expectations of looser crude oil market conditions, Saudi Arabia reduced
the official selling price for November-loading Arab Light crude into Asia by $3/bbl, widening its
discount to the benchmark to $5/bbl. The Saudis have been shipping larger volumes through
the Strait of Hormuz in recent weeks, given the outage of the East-West pipeline. More
recently, oil flows through the pipeline have been recovering. Reports are that flows are back
to more than 80% of capacity, which will allow crude exports from Yanbu to also recover.
The latest positioning data shows that speculators reduced their net long in ICE Brent by
13,812 lots over the last reporting week to 204,302 lots, which is the smallest position held
since early August. Signs of increased oil flows from the Persian Gulf would likely leave
speculators reluctant to carry too much risk at the moment.
Unsurprisingly, OPEC+ over the weekend left production levels unchanged for November.
Throughout the US-Iran conflict, the group announced cumulative supply increases of 1.65m
b/d. However, these were largely paper increases, as ongoing supply disruptions prevented a
corresponding rise in actual production. These supply increases will become a reality once we
get to the other side of the disruptions in the Strait of Hormuz.
Author
Warren Patterson
Head of Commodities Strategy
Warren.Patterson@asia.ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 5 October 2026
3
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
