 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Middle East crude oil exports exceed pre-war levels but tanker attacks increase 
Crude oil exports from the Middle East rose above pre-war levels in four of the seven days of the final week of 
September, shipping data showed on Monday, despite attacks on vessels passing through the Strait of Hormuz. 
Crude exports from the region exceeded pre-war levels on September 24 and between September 27 and 29, rising to 
between 19.5 million barrels per day and 22.5 million bpd, provisional data from ship-tracking firm Kpler showed.  
Exports averaged 18 million bpd between March 2025 and February this year beforethe US-Israeli war with Iran began. 
The 7-day moving average for crude exports was at 18.5 million bpd on October 1, the data showed. These include 
transits via the Strait of Hormuz, the Red Sea, exports from terminals and ship-to-ship transfers in the Gulf of Oman. 
The overall tally for crude, oil products, chemicals and non-gas liquids averaged 22.4 million bpd in the seven days to 
September 30, Kpler data showed. 
The number of liquefied natural gas cargoes exiting the Strait of Hormuz also rose in September to its highest monthly 
level since February. 
The figures exclude any vessels that might have crossed the strait with their Automatic Identification System transponders 
turned off to avoid detection. 
Before the Iran war started on February 28, the strait typically handled about 125 large commercial vessels per day, 
including tankers, gas carriers, bulkers and container vessels, accounting for some 20% of the world’s daily crude oil and 
LNG supply. 
 
SHIP ATTACKS 
However, attacks on tankers continued in and around the Strait of Hormuz, with at least seven incidents reported, 
shipping intelligence firm Marisks said in a report on Saturday. 
The very large crude carrier Kazimah III was reportedly struck on October 1 by an unknown projectile while operating in 
the strait, causing a fire onboard the tanker, it added. 
"All crew members were reported safe and were subsequently evacuated from the vessel," Marisks said. 
Kazimah III was last seen discharging 2 million barrels of Kuwaiti crude at the Ras Markaz port on the coast of Oman on 
September 17, Kpler data showed. Its owner, Kuwait Oil Tanker Company, did not immediately respond to a request for 
comment outside office hours. 
The United Kingdom Maritime Trade Operations agency has reported at least one attack a day in the Strait of Hormuz or 
in the Gulf of Aden since October 2. 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
Marisks said merchant vessels transiting the Strait of Hormuz face a "heightened and increasingly unpredictable kinetic 
threat" given the recent sharp increase in traffic. 
"Current intelligence suggests that the recent pattern of incidents may not necessarily represent deliberate targeting of 
individually selected merchant vessels," Marisks said. 
"Instead, available information indicates the possibility that Iranian forces are launching missiles into a predetermined 
engagement area or 'kill box', with weapons potentially acquiring and locking onto available radar signatures within that 
area." 
Physical presence within the engagement zone at the relevant time could itself represent the primary exposure, it added. 
 
G7 countries agree on release of diesel and oil stocks after US pressure 
Group of Seven countries agreed on Friday to release 100 million barrels of diesel and crude oil from emergency 
reserves and pledged to refrain from energy export restrictions after pressure from US President Donald Trump. 
The US led a pressure campaign on the European Union to draw down emergency diesel inventories, with the Trump 
administration warning that failure to act could lead to a US ban on diesel exports. Such a ban could sharply reduce 
supplies to Europe, which has become increasingly reliant on US diesel, and potentially inflict high economic costs on the 
bloc. 
Trump is seeking to cool surging fuel prices ahead of the November midterm elections. 
Trump told reporters at the White House before departing for Alabama that the US would not impose a diesel export ban. 
He said the plan was never really on the table, even though in the past two weeks he said several times that such a ban 
was under consideration, and that he supported the idea. 
"Europe has a lot of diesel, and they're going to be making a major world contribution, and so are we. And we're not going 
to be doing the export ban. We're going to be doing what we're supposed to do," Trump said. 
The Iran war sparked the biggest emergency stock release ever of 400 million barrels in March, coordinated by the 
International Energy Agency. 
"Taking into account commitments that have already been fulfilled, we will implement our commitments with a coordinated 
release through the IEA of 100 million barrels," the G7 said in a joint statement. 
It was uncertain how much of the petroleum in the new agreement would come from what remains from the March pact. 
IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol said this week that members had released about two-thirds of the 400-million-barrel 
agreement. 
The release will begin immediately and last four months, with a substantial amount of diesel to be released within 20 days 
by G7 members and partners, the statement said. 
It did not provide a breakdown of the volumes of crude, diesel and other products to be released or say which countries 
would participate. 
"We will convene in the context of the IEA in the coming days to discuss the possibility of additional diesel releases as 
necessary," the statement added. 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
"Europe has just agreed to release a massive amount of their heavily stocked Diesel Oil. The process will begin 
immediately," Trump wrote in a post on Truth Social.  
 
CAREER-LOW RATINGS 
Trump is seeking to bring down fuel prices as he faces a career-low 32% approval rating in a Reuters/Ipsos poll, with 
voters particularly concerned about the cost of living. The poll, conducted September 17-20, found that just 17% of 
Americans approved of Trump's handling of the cost of living. 
The administration has made lowering energy prices a central focus as it seeks to ease the impact of the Iran war and 
high fuel costs on consumers and diesel-dependent industries such as trucking and farming. 
The White House is preparing an executive order to tackle record-high US diesel prices that could be unveiled as early as 
next week, two people familiar with the process said. 
The order is expected to include measures to expand the use of tax-exempt red-dyed diesel and other tax changes to 
lower fuel costs, the people said. Details are still being worked out and could change. 
 
EXPORT BAN OFF TABLE 
The G7 statement said member countries would refrain from imposing export restrictions on energy products among 
themselves, a move that could ease pressure on the Trump administration to impose a US diesel export ban. 
"This is a political statement rather than a specific and binding commitment with the large headline number intended to 
persuade President Trump not to impose a diesel export ban," analysts at Energy Aspects said in a note. 
Europe has boosted its imports of US diesel this year as the Iran war disrupted supply from Gulf producers. 
EU governments had discussed on Friday a proposal by France for European countries to release 50 million barrels of 
diesel, and for IEA members to release 50 million barrels of crude oil, three sources familiar with the discussions said. 
A 50-million-barrel release of diesel would equate to approximately 17% of the EU's total emergency stocks of diesel and 
gasoil, Eurostat data showed, or about 3% of the bloc's annual consumption. 
US diesel futures fell after reports of the stock-release discussions by 3.25% to $4.49 a gallon. Benchmark European 
diesel futures fell by roughly $83 per metric ton, down 5.75%, LSEG data showed.
 
 
World food prices near four-year high in September, UN says 
World food prices rose in September to their highest in nearly four years as logistics disruptions and weather concerns 
affected crop markets, the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization said. 
Fears about a severe El Nino weather pattern have pushed international sugar prices to an 18-month high, while a war-
related collapse in Black Sea trade pushed wheat futures to a three-year peak early last month.  
The FAO Food Price Index, which tracks monthly changes in international prices for a basket of food commodities, 
averaged 136.0 points, up from a revised 134.0 for August and the highest reading since November 2022. 
Top News - Agriculture 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
“We are seeing a persistent and increasingly broad-based build up in global commodity prices, as disruptions in the Strait 
of Hormuz and the Black Sea combine with climate shocks, putting pressure on energy, transport and key food 
commodities,” FAO Chief Economist Maximo Torero said.  
“If sustained, these pressures will soon pass through to consumer food prices, especially in food and energy import-
dependent countries,” he said in a statement.  
FAO's sugar price index jumped 6.1% from August in a third consecutive monthly increase, as adverse weather 
threatened to curb supply in major production zones. 
The agency's cereal price benchmark rose 5.1% on the month, with reduced yield prospects for US corn adding to 
pressure from disruptions to Black Sea grain trade. 
Vegetable oil prices edged up 0.9%, driven by palm oil on the back of strong demand and concerns over El Nino-related 
production risks in Southeast Asia. 
FAO's overall meat index eased 1.1%. That reflected lower poultry prices, partly linked to a drop in European Union 
demand as new import rules took effect. 
In a separate report, FAO kept its forecast for global cereal production in 2026 almost unchanged at 2.979 billion metric 
tons, 2.1% below the previous year's peak but still the second-largest harvest on record. 
FAO cut its forecast for world cereal trade in 2026/27 by 0.7% from last month, citing lower wheat and maize export 
expectations amid constrained Black Sea shipping. 
 
Brazil mills struggling to crush cane amid rains, ports also impacted 
Brazilian mills are struggling to maintain sugarcane harvest operations at normal levels as excessive rains in the country's 
main center-south sugar belt hurt field work, while also impacting loadings at the main ports.  
A survey by agricultural consultancy Datagro released on Friday showed that the average amount of cane crushed by a 
mill in the center-south fell to 76,242 metric tons in the week to September 27, down from 105,844 tons per week in early 
August. 
"The rains impacted a lot the crushing in September," said Bruno Wanderley de Freitas, a senior economist at Datagro, 
adding there is more rain expected in coming days in the region that will continue to hurt harvesting.  
Datagro estimates that around 35 million tons of cane will be left in the fields this year, due to the inability of mills to finish 
the harvest as machines suffer from working in the wet.  
The El Nino climate event usually makes the southern part of Brazil wetter, while the northern part gets drier. A climate 
monitoring station kept by the University of Sao Paulo in the Piracicaba sugar region showed the winter period that just 
finished there was the wettest in 110 years. 
The cane left in the fields will be processed only next year, around March. 
Above-average rains in center-south Brazil are also hampering port operations, said Michael McDougall, a senior sugar 
analyst and industry advisor at McDougall Global View. 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
"It is a cascade of issues from the falling rains of El Nino," he said. Sugar prices rose as much as 5% in New York on 
Friday due to Brazilian rains and other production problems in Europe and Asia. 
McDougall cited data from shipping brokers showing that the main sugar loading port of Santos had to stop loadings in at 
least 35 days in the quarter from July to September due to rains. 
Since loading berths are not covered, port operators stop loading when it rains to not let sugar get wet. 
The Paranagua port also had 30 stoppages in that quarter. 
 
 
 
China demands copper supply commitments for Anglo Teck merger approval, sources say 
China's antitrust regulator has asked Anglo American to commit to supply the country with a steady flow of copper 
concentrate as a condition for approving its proposed $54 billion merger with Canada's Teck Resources, three people 
aware of the development said. 
The demand reflects China's struggle to feed its vast copper smelting industry, which refines up to 60% of the world's 
copper cathodes but faces its worst feedstock shortage in decades. 
Chinese refined copper output is expected to grow at its slowest pace since at least 2000 this year as smelters compete 
for raw material, while falling prices for byproduct sulphuric acid squeeze profitability, analysts said. 
China's State Administration for Market Regulation has asked for assurances on copper concentrate supply, including 
volumes sold through traders, said the people, who declined to be named due to the confidential nature of discussions. 
The regulator has received feedback from Chinese smelters and is now negotiating remedies based on their concerns, 
one person said.  
As a major consumer of both companies' copper, China has effective veto power over the merger, and has historically 
leveraged its antitrust power over megadeals to extract strict "behavioural remedies" to protect its domestic industrial 
supply. 
 
ANGLO AMERICAN SAYS THERE IS 'GOOD PROGRESS' TOWARDS DEAL 
Teck declined to comment on regulatory processes. SAMR did not immediately respond to a request for comment. 
"We are making good progress towards completion and are working constructively with the Chinese regulator, SAMR, 
through its structured review process," an Anglo American spokesperson said, declining to provide further details. 
Both Anglo and Teck have marketing teams in China.  
Cutting off Anglo Teck's massive unrefined volumes from the open market could hasten the closure of some Western 
processing facilities, already under pressure from rising costs, industry analysts said. 
Operating under state-mandated destination clauses could also accelerate a shift away from traditional annual 
benchmark pricing, as the industry would likely pivot to index-linked spot pricing, they said. 
The bulk of Anglo American's copper output from Peru and Chile is sold as unrefined concentrate to international buyers, 
including Chinese, Japanese, and European custom smelters. 
Top News - Metals 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
 
ANGLO TECK 5% COPPER SHARE BELOW COMPETITION THRESHOLD 
The Anglo Teck merger, announced in 2025, has received approval from all regulators where the companies operate 
except China. Both companies expect the deal to close by March 2027, within 18 months from the announcement.  
A combination would control around 5% of global copper supply, below competition thresholds exceeding 10% to 15%. 
The remedies sought do not include asset sales at this stage, the people said. 
Anglo's sale of its nickel assets to China's MMG illustrates the complexity of navigating multiple jurisdictions.  
The European Commission has issued an antitrust warning to the Hong Kong-listed company over concerns it may divert 
ferronickel supply away from European markets. MMG said it is proposing long-term European supply commitments. 
Executives at Glencore, Anglo American and Rio Tinto have said antitrust reviews and national interest considerations 
are becoming more prominent factors when assessing potential transactions involving copper and other critical minerals. 
The trend highlights how resource-hungry nations are increasingly using merger reviews to secure supply of materials 
essential for the clean energy transition. 
 
Hindalco aims to kick-start an alumina pricing revolution: Andy Home 
What price alumina?  
The market for the raw material needed to produce aluminium is both huge and highly opaque despite the best efforts of 
both exchanges and price reporting agencies.  
The London Metal Exchange (LME) launched an alumina contract in 2019 but it hasn't traded since early 2020. The 
CME's product, trading since 2017, has seen only sporadic activity.  
The only liquid alumina futures contract is that traded on the Shanghai Futures Exchange. But it has been prone to bouts 
of speculative excess and isn't much use to Western operators looking to hedge their price risk.  
This is becoming an ever more problematic issue as alumina and aluminium prices follow increasingly divergent paths.  
Indian producer Hindalco Industries is leading the industry response with a commitment to channel its spot tenders 
through digital platform Metalshub.  
The aim is to "support greater transparency, broader market participation, and robust price discovery." 
The LME will be paying particularly close attention.  
 
PRICING PUZZLE 
Until 15 or so years ago, alumina was priced as a percentage of the aluminium price, which made a lot of sense given the 
mutual market dependency of raw material and finished product.  
US producer Alcoa, however, had other ideas and led a charge to break the linkage in favour of prices determined by 
spot sales. These, it was hoped, would become indices underpinning futures trading.  
Both the LME and CME contracts work exactly like that, referencing assessments published by Platts, part of S&P Global.  

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
The problem then, as now, is that there is very little spot business to assess.  
Global metallurgical alumina production last year was 146 million metric tons, according to the International Aluminium 
Institute.  
Much of that, though, is vertically integrated with captive smelters. Hindalco reckons only 55-60 million tons are available 
for third-party trading, and only 10% of that tonnage is sold through the spot market.  
Moreover, many traders are loath to disclose their transactions. Indeed, Hindalco itself has kept its tenders highly 
confidential in the past. 
This leaves pricing agencies chasing shadows and the industry reliant on a limited subset of sales for benchmarks used 
in higher-volume, longer-term contracts. 
Hindalco's allocation of tons for digital tendering is precisely what the alumina market has been lacking. The resulting 
prices will be based on actual transactions rather than voluntarily reported numbers.  
 
JOINING THE DOTS 
That, though, is only one component of the potential pricing revolution.  
Metalshub has been working with the LME for some time on a similar template to generate transaction-based prices for 
low-carbon "green" nickel.  
It has also been collaborating with LME Insight, part of Commodity Pricing and Analysis Ltd (CPAL). The new pricing 
agency began operations in Dubai at the end of last year.  
CPAL is, like the LME itself, owned by Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing.  
There are clearly quite a lot of potential synergies here. Hindalco tenders alumina. The prices are captured by Metalshub 
and then fed to LME Insight for inclusion in a new alumina price index. The index can then be "futurised" by the LME to 
relaunch a new-look alumina contract.  
It's perhaps telling that Hindalco's press release included comments from not just the head of its alumina business, 
Saurabh Khedekar, and Metalshub Managing Director Dr. Sebastian Kreft, but also Hugo Brodie, the LME's head of 
sustainability and physical market development. 
"The development of independent, transaction-led price references will bring greater pricing transparency and overall 
market efficiency," according to Brodie. 
The LME evidently has a stake in a positive outcome.  
 
DIFFERENT PATHS 
Alumina certainly merits a better pricing mechanism, particularly as the gap with aluminium is growing ever wider.  
The Iran war has reduced Gulf metal production by an annualised 2 million tons, sending aluminium prices higher.  
The flip side is reduced demand for alumina, which is weighing on an already weak market.  
But the disconnect was already taking shape last year, reflecting a changing aluminium production landscape.  

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
China's smelter capacity cap was never accompanied by a similar mandate on aluminium refineries, meaning while 
aluminium production growth has slowed, that of alumina hasn't.  
Oversupply has been exacerbated by rapidly rising production in Indonesia, where alumina output is also running ahead 
of smelter demand.  
Guinea's ambition to leverage its bauxite resources into alumina plants adds another layer of disruption to traditional trade 
flows.  
This is a fast-evolving industry that needs both better pricing and a way of hedging price risk.  
Between them, Hindalco, Metalshub and the LME think they might have an answer.  
(The opinions expressed here are those of Andy Home, a columnist for Reuters.) 
 
 
 
 
Alaska LNG shipping savings justifies billions in investment, developer says 
Alaska LNG's developer said the project's access to stranded natural gas and shorter shipping routes to Asia will make it 
competitive with US Gulf Coast rivals, despite questions from some analysts about the project's massive infrastructure 
costs. 
When the project is completed, the cost of shipping gas to Asia from Alaska's North Slope would be at least 65% cheaper 
than shipping LNG from the Gulf Coast, Tim Fitzpatrick, communications director for project developer Glenfarne, said on 
Sunday in an email to Reuters. 
The proposed project, backed by President Donald Trump, would move gas from Alaska's North Slope through an 800-
mile pipeline to a liquefied natural gas export plant in southern Alaska. A key question has been whether lower shipping 
costs justify the billions of dollars needed to build the infrastructure. 
Critics have pointed to the project's estimated cost of $44.5 billion to $54.5 billion, which translates to roughly $2.2 billion 
to $2.7 billion per million tons per annum (MTPA) of LNG capacity. That appears significantly higher than many recently 
approved Gulf Coast developments. 
But developer Glenfarne argues that the comparison is misleading because it includes the expense of pipeline and gas 
treatment infrastructure needed to bring stranded North Slope gas to market. The Alaska LNG project entails about $1.4 
billion per MTPA in delivery costs, Fitzpatrick said. 
US LNG projects approved since Russia's invasion of Ukraine have generally been built at an average cost of about $1 
billion per mtpa or less. 
Glenfarne argues the project's competitiveness should be measured by delivered LNG costs rather than upfront 
spending.  
The company, Fitzpatrick said, so far has identified customers for 13 million tons per year of LNG, and needs 16 million 
tons annually to support project financing.  
Trump on Friday said South Korea will help finance the Alaska LNG effort as part of a $200 billion package of investment 
in US projects. But Seoul quickly suggested that its role in the Alaska project is not yet set. 
Top News - Carbon and Power 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
 
September LNG shipments through Hormuz hit highest since start of US-Iran war 
The number of liquefied natural gas cargoes exiting the Strait of Hormuz rose in September to its highest monthly level 
since the US-Israeli war on Iran began, data from analytics firms, shows, despite persistent security worries and 
uncertainty. 
A total of 19 LNG cargoes were shipped through the key waterway in September, made up of 13 from Qatar and six from 
the United Arab Emirates, S&P Global Energy said. 
That compares with the June figure of 15, when a pact between the US and Iran had started to take effect, said Eric Yep, 
a senior principal analyst at S&P. 
"LNG transits through the Strait of Hormuz accelerated in the second half of September and if this is maintained into 
October, we could see full-month transits recover to 25% of pre-war levels." 
 
TALLY OF 21 LNG CARGOES EXITED IN SEPTEMBER, KPLER SAYS 
Data from Kpler shows a total of 21 LNG cargoes exiting the Strait of Hormuz in September, up from 15 in June.  
More QatarEnergy-linked liquefied natural gas vessels, laden and in ballast, have transited the strait in recent weeks, 
despite the conflict. 
This week, three more LNG vessels carrying cargoes from Qatar's Ras Laffan export terminal reappeared outside the 
waterway, Kpler and LSEG ship-tracking data showed. 
Two of the vessels are QatarEnergy-linked Al Kharaitiyat and Al Gharrafa. The former was last seen inside the strait 
around September 22 to September 23 before reappearing off the west coast of India around September 29 to 
September 30. 
It is now going past Sri Lanka.  
The second vessel, Al Gharrafa, which disappeared from tracking data inside the strait between September 23 and 
September 24, reappeared on September 30 off the west of India as well. 
The third vessel, the Milaha Qatar, is managed by Germany's Pronav Ship Management, was last glimpsed in the strait 
between September 17 and September 21, before reappearing west of India on September 30. 
It is now offloading its cargo at India's western port of Hazira. 
QatarEnergy did not immediately respond to a request for comment, while Pronav Ship Management declined to 
comment.  
 
TRANSPONDERS SWITCHED OFF FOR 'DARK TRANSITS' 
Many vessels passing through the strait make so-called "dark transits" by switching off their Automatic Identification 
System (AIS) transponders to avoid detection. 
"The key concern is whether LNG transits through Hormuz can be sustained through winter," Yep said. 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
This hinges on whether Iran would resort to more serious military escalation if higher exports through Hormuz are 
perceived as loss of leverage in its control of the strait, and whether shipping convoys under US naval escorts can 
continue despite the high cost, he added. 
The Strait of Hormuz carried roughly a fifth of global crude oil and LNG supplies before the war, which began on February 
28. 
 
 
 
 
Ukraine's winter wheat sowing, exports seen falling, farm minister says 
Ukraine's winter wheat sowing area for the 2027 harvest could fall by 17% because of difficulties with exports, Ukrainian 
farm minister Taras Vysotskyi said on Friday. 
Ukrainian exports fell sharply after Russian attacks blocked key seaports. 
Vysotskyi said the country's food exports totalled 2.44 million metric tons in September, or 46% of the potential. It 
included 1.4 million tons of grain, 444,000 tons of oilseeds and 311,000 tons of vegetable oils. 
Ukrainian farm lobby UCAB said late on Thursday that grain exports had included 1.1 million tons of wheat and 307,000 
tons of corn and that the monthly grain shipments jumped by 50% to 1.49 million tons. 
UCAB said vegetable oil exports had also increased by almost 16% to 323,500 tons thanks to higher rapeseed oil 
shipments. 
It noted that discrepancies between the figures and agriculture ministry data may arise because some goods were 
cleared for export but had not yet physically crossed the border. 
 
Tunisia buys about 100,000 metric tons durum wheat in tender, traders say 
Tunisia's state grains agency is believed to have purchased about 100,000 metric tons of durum wheat in an international 
tender on Friday, European traders said. 
It was said to have been bought in four 25,000 ton consignments. 
Two were purchased from trading house Casillo at an estimated $376.69 and $383.92 a ton cost and freight (c&f) 
included, they said. Two were purchased from trading house Amber at $358.29 and $366.29 a ton c&f. 
Reports reflect assessments from traders and further estimates of prices and volumes are still possible later. 
Shipment was sought between November 5 and December 25 if sourced from the Black Sea region, east Europe or the 
Mediterranean region; between November 1 and December 20 if sourced from west Europe or between October 25 and 
December 15 if from the United States, Canada or South America. 
Traders said the agency repeated previous warnings that its purchases are sourced from optional origins. For sellers of 
Black Sea grains, the supplier may not invoke force majeure under any circumstances because of the current disruptions 
due to the Russian war in Ukraine and must source grains from alternative origins if Black Sea supplies are unavailable. 
Top News - Dry Freight 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 5, 2026 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Kishan Nair in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
  
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
  
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement 
