 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 9 
 
 
Equities Spotlight: Go the distance ................................................................................... 2 
• Our preferred areas of equity exposure include hyperscalers, systems software, semiconductor, and 
communications infrastructure providers, along with industrial sub-industries leveraged to ongoing 
investment in power, data center, and network infrastructure. 
• Within Industrials, we believe the recent pullback in Electrical Equipment and Machinery has resulted 
in a more constructive risk-reward profile, particularly following our recent upgrade in the outlook for 
the group. 
Fixed Income: Corporate credit remains strong, but requires monitoring ........ 4 
• Corporate debt has remained a consistent source of income for investors in 2026 with some issuers 
taking concessions from higher primary issuance, and default rates remain low. 
• Our view is that recent widening spreads, especially for certain issuers and some high-yield bonds, 
reinforces that selection and bond characteristics remain key for investors to manage total returns. 
Real Assets: Investing in U.S. energy leadership .......................................................... 5 
• We believe that the Midstream Energy subsector represents an attractive opportunity for investors to 
gain durable exposure to the theme of U.S. energy production leadership. 
• In our view, critical infrastructure linking abundant U.S. energy resources with growing domestic and 
international demand supports a positive long-term investment thesis. 
Alternatives: Long/short credit: Navigating volatile credit markets .................... 6 
• Higher short-term rates and rising credit dispersion are making security selection increasingly 
important across credit markets. 
• Investors may want to consider an allocation to Long/Short Credit strategies, which can provide the 
potential to benefit from widening performance gaps among issuers while providing diversification 
from traditional stocks and bonds. 
Current tactical guidance ...................................................................................................... 7 
 
 
Weekly guidance from our Investment Strategy Committee  
October 5, 2026 
Investment and Insurance Products:       NOT FDIC Insured       NO Bank Guarantee       MAY Lose Value 
Investment Strategy 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 9 
Equities Spotlight 
Lawrence Pfeffer, CFA 
Equity Sector Analyst 
Amit Chanda 
Equity Sector Analyst 
Thomas Christopher 
Equity Sector Analyst 
Go the distance 
Our title is not just a reference to Field of Dreams, but an investment philosophy. The artificial-intelligence (AI) 
capital-expenditure (capex) cycle continues to evolve. We have written on the growing scale of this phenomenon 
for several years. One of the salient moments for us was when the four-largest hyperscalers surpassed the four-
largest integrated oil companies on annual capex by nearly a factor of two times in 2023.1 It is no coincidence that 
this was the year following the launch of ChatGPT, which kicked off a race to scale computing power to serve the 
new budding technology of generative AI. Fast forward to today and consensus for 2027 capex for the eight-largest 
cloud computing companies is now approximately $1.3 trillion.1 This would represent approximately 3.7% of our 
nominal gross domestic product forecast for next year, putting this investment cycle on par with some of the 
largest in U.S. history (see Chart 1). 
Chart 1. AI capex concentration relative to prior cycles 
 
Sources: Cain, Fishlow, Balke & Gordon, Ulmer, Kuznets, American Petroleum Institute (API), U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), National Bureau of Economic 
Research (NBER), U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), FactSet, company filings, and Wells Fargo Investment Institute estimates. Data as of September 29, 2026. 
GDP = gross domestic product. E = estimates. *Railroads use the average of 1879-1890 in acknowledgment of relative data quality and inflation adjustment 
complexity. **Data Centers represents FactSet consensus estimates for the seven-largest hyperscalers and the current annualized run-rate for the eighth-largest 
cloud computing companies. Estimates are based on certain assumptions which are subject to change. 
This rapid scaling has revealed both potential opportunities and risks for investors with key beneficiaries changing 
over the course of even a few quarters. We believe 2026 will be remembered primarily for two key items in the 
evolution of the story. First, monetization and use cases took hold at an increasing pace, featuring both new 
applications for businesses and consumers. Second, in classical economic parlance, numerous factors of production 
— land, power, semiconductors, industrial components, and financial capital — all experienced strains to 
 
1. FactSet. Data as of September 28, 2026. 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 9 
accommodate the growing weight of AI capex in today’s economy. We still believe the opportunity set remains 
somewhat broad, but we would also note that we believe execution risk has risen against a backdrop of higher 
interest rates, elongated supply chains, a fast pace of technological change, and political perception. With this as 
context, we would note that we prefer focusing on industry groups and companies that we believe have the best 
opportunities to benefit throughout the full cycle of AI capex investment. 
How would we position? 
• 
We remain positive on all three sub-industries containing the leading hyperscalers: Interactive Media & 
Services (Communication Services), Systems Software (Information Technology), and Broadline Retail 
(Consumer Discretionary). Although much has been written about the increasing use of debt to finance 
capex, we would note these companies retain very strong balance sheets and, in our view, should continue 
to have ready access to capital markets. Importantly, we also believe that monetization opportunities 
across cloud computing, agentic commerce, cybersecurity, and enterprise applications will continue to 
grow. 
• 
Semiconductors and the hardware space writ large have been defined by broader participation across 
2026. We still expect many areas of this supply chain to remain in shortage well into 2027 and even 
beyond. That said, after very strong year-to-date performance across nearly every key vertical in this 
supply chain, we would become incrementally selective. We see the most durable competitive advantages 
for those companies providing graphics processing units (GPUs), leading edge foundry services, 
Semiconductor Capital Equipment, and Communications Equipment. 
• 
Within the Industrials sector, we continue to prefer Electrical Equipment and Machinery. Here, several 
companies in the power equipment supply chain are booking orders into 2029-2032. Leading players have 
complemented their existing footprint with technology acquisitions, capacity expansion, and new product 
introductions. Large production ramps require strong execution, but we believe recent underperformance 
for the sector and these sub-industries has provided a more attractive entry point to re-engage. 
Chart 2. Infrastructure value chain 
 
Source: Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Image generated using Microsoft Copilot on September 29, 2026. No historical performance or market data is depicted.  
 
 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 9 
Fixed Income 
David Brandmire, CFA 
Taxable Analyst 
Corporate credit remains strong, but requires monitoring 
A higher interest-rate environment continues to reflect higher inflation driven by strong business activity, and we 
expect corporate default rates to remain low. While corporate spreads moved higher in the month of September 
2026, spreads for single-B and higher rated debt remain below the highest levels for the past 12 months which 
occurred in March.  
Debt financing in 2026 for capex and acquisition fundings has been at yields near 20-year high rates for corporate 
bonds, drawing strong demand from investors. Additionally, the anticipated debt issuance forecast in the corporate 
and treasury markets has continued to drive long-term rates higher. 
We remain comfortable with corporate bond issuers that continue to strategically manage their balance sheets and 
show resilient business models. Although interest rates have moved higher, we expect issuers to continue to have 
access to the issuance markets. According to Bloomberg, 2026 year-to-date (YTD) corporate debt issuance through 
August 31 is 25.9% above 2025 YTD at $1.4 trillion, excluding convertible debt. Despite high levels of bond issues 
in 2026 compared to 2025, the total dollar amount of U.S. corporate bonds outstanding has only grown by 7%, or 
$873 billion, to $13.4 trillion. 
Chart 3. Debt issuance by industry 
 
Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 29, 2026. YTD = year to date. Inv Grade = Investment Grade. USD = U.S. dollars. Amt = amount. 
We currently favor the front-end of the corporate bond market. With additional strong issuance and some policy 
uncertainty, we believe investors can benefit by moving up in quality while increasing their portfolio’s average 
coupon. Certain sectors and issuers have seen spreads widen in September. We view the spread changes as driven 
more by market dynamics, and not broad credit deterioration. We reiterate our belief that selectivity of individual 
bonds can benefit investors in today’s bond market. 
 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 9 
Real Assets 
Ian Mikkelsen, CFA 
Equity Sector Analyst, Energy 
Investing in U.S. energy leadership 
The U.S. currently leads the world in energy production2, an important national advantage during global supply 
disruptions. This distinction underpins our favorable view of the Midstream Energy subsector. These companies 
provide pipelines, gathering and processing systems, storage terminals, and export facilities that connect energy-
producing basins with global demand centers. In our view, infrastructure linking abundant U.S. resources with 
domestic and international demand is essential to sustaining the nation’s energy advantage and supports a positive 
long-term investment thesis. 
Most energy companies have substantial direct business exposure to commodity prices, a key source of earnings 
volatility. By contrast, Midstream Energy companies are relatively insulated from commodity price swings because 
revenue and earnings are largely based on the volumes moving through their systems. In our view, this business 
model provides a visible runway for durable organic growth, as rising production, expanding energy exports, 
increasing power demand, and industrial reshoring all require additional transportation and logistics capacity. 
U.S. oil and gas pipeline mileage has steadily increased over the past two decades (see Chart 4). The growth 
opportunity extends beyond pipelines, with infrastructure such as storage, export terminals, and power generation 
representing additional growth verticals. 
Chart 4. U.S. oil and gas pipeline mileage (millions) 
 
Sources: U.S. Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Office of Pipeline Safety, and Annual Report Mileage Summary 
Statistic. Includes oil, refined products, natural gas transmission, and distribution main lines. Crude oil and refined product pipeline miles are estimated for 2025; all 
other data is actual. Data as of June 12, 2026. 
New projects can support earnings growth, while higher throughput and utilization may improve returns on 
existing networks. Large operators also typically benefit from scale, broad geographic footprints, and integrated 
assets that are difficult to replicate. The industry generally operates on a solid financial foundation, with reasonable 
leverage, simplified corporate structures, and balanced capital allocation frameworks that support internally funded 
growth and shareholder returns. 
 
 
2. Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA). 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 9 
Alternatives 
Mark Steffen, CFA, CAIA 
Global Alternative Investment Strategist 
Long/short credit: Navigating volatile credit markets 
Bond market volatility has returned3 as investors navigate rising government debt levels, growing debt issuance to 
support AI-related investment, and persistent inflation pressures stemming from higher energy costs. Recent 
changes in monetary policy have put pressure on small- and mid-sized businesses, as higher short-term interest 
rates increase financing costs and reduce expectations for further borrowing relief. 
At the same time, credit markets have become increasingly selective. As shown in Chart 5, performance 
differences across credit-quality segments of the bank loan market have widened, suggesting that company-
specific fundamentals are becoming more important. In this environment, investors may benefit from looking 
beyond traditional stock and bond allocations to strategies that can potentially add value when dispersion across 
credit markets increases. 
Chart 5. Bank loan performance by rating – Dispersion rises as lower quality loans underperform 
 
Sources: Pitchbook. Data as of September 25, 2026. Categories represented by the associated Morningstar LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan Total Return Indexes for the 
relevant rating. 2026 year-to-date (YTD) are through September 25, 2026. An index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment. Past performance is no 
guarantee of future results. 
One strategy that may be well positioned in this environment is Long/Short Credit. These strategies invest across a 
broad range of fixed-income securities and seek to capitalize on pricing differences among bonds, loans, and related 
instruments. Managers can take both long positions, which generally benefit when an asset's price rises, and short 
positions, which generally benefit when an asset's price falls. This flexibility allows managers to express positive 
and negative views on individual issuers while seeking to reduce overall market exposure. 
Long/Short Credit strategies have historically demonstrated more defensive characteristics than many traditional 
risk assets and may perform well during periods of elevated volatility, when strong credit analysis and security 
selection become increasingly valuable. The ability to take both long and short positions can help managers 
manage risk and navigate changing market conditions. Additionally, these strategies have historically exhibited 
relatively low correlations to traditional stock and bond markets, making them a potential source of diversification 
and helping to reduce overall portfolio risk when combined with a traditional mix of equities and fixed income 
investments. 
Alternative investments, such as hedge funds, private equity, private debt and private real estate funds are not appropriate for all investors and are only open to “accredited” or 
“qualified” investors within the meaning of U.S. securities laws.
 
3. Bond market volatility has increased recently, as measured by the ICE Bank of America MOVE Index (MOVE Index), which measures Treasury rate volatility 
through options pricing. An index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment. 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 9 
Tactical guidance* 
Cash Alternatives and Fixed Income 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A  
Developed Market Ex-
U.S. Fixed Income 
U.S. Long Term Taxable 
Fixed Income 
 
Cash Alternatives 
Emerging Market Fixed 
Income 
High Yield Taxable Fixed 
Income 
U.S. Intermediate Term 
Taxable Fixed Income 
U.S. Short Term Taxable 
Fixed Income 
N/A 
Equities 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A 
U.S. Small Cap Equities 
Developed Market Ex-
U.S. Equities 
Emerging Market 
Equities 
U.S. Mid Cap Equities 
U.S. Large Cap Equities 
 
N/A 
Real Assets 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A 
N/A 
Digital Assets 
Private Real Estate 
Commodities 
Private Infrastructure 
N/A 
Alternative Investments** 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A 
N/A 
Hedge Funds—Equity 
Hedge 
Hedge Funds—Macro 
Hedge Funds—Relative 
Value 
Private Equity 
Private Debt 
Hedge Funds—Event 
Driven 
N/A 
Source: Wells Fargo Investment Institute, October 5, 2026. Please see Wells Fargo Investment Institute's Asset Allocation Strategy Report for more detailed, investable ideas in each 
asset group. 
*Tactical horizon is 6-18 months 
**Alternative investments are not appropriate for all investors. They are speculative and involve a high degree of risk that is appropriate only for those investors who have the financial 
sophistication and expertise to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in a fund and for which the fund does not represent a complete investment program. Please see end of 
report for important definitions and disclosures. 
 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 9 
Risk considerations 
Each asset class has its own risk and return characteristics. The level of risk associated with a particular investment or asset class generally correlates with the level 
of return the investment or asset class might achieve. Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile. Stock values may fluctuate in response to general 
economic and market conditions, the prospects of individual companies, and industry sectors. Foreign investing has additional risks including those associated with 
currency fluctuation, political and economic instability, and different accounting standards. These risks are heightened in emerging markets. Small- and mid-cap 
stocks are generally more volatile, subject to greater risks and are less liquid than large company stocks. Bonds are subject to market, interest rate, price, 
credit/default, liquidity, inflation, and other risks. Prices tend to be inversely affected by changes in interest rates. High yield (junk) bonds have lower credit ratings 
and are subject to greater risk of default and greater principal risk. Leveraged loans are generally below investment grade quality. Investing in such securities should 
be viewed as speculative and investors should review their ability to assume the risks associated with investments which utilize such securities. The commodities 
markets are considered speculative, carry substantial risks, and have experienced periods of extreme volatility. Investing in a volatile and uncertain commodities 
market may cause a portfolio to rapidly increase or decrease in value which may result in greater share price volatility. Real estate has special risks including the 
possible illiquidity of underlying properties, credit risk, interest rate fluctuations and the impact of varied economic conditions. 
Alternative investments, such as hedge funds, private equity/private debt and private real estate funds, are speculative and involve a high degree of risk that is 
appropriate only for those investors who have the financial sophistication and expertise to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in a fund and for which the 
fund does not represent a complete investment program. They entail significant risks that can include losses due to leveraging or other speculative investment 
practices, lack of liquidity, volatility of returns, restrictions on transferring interests in a fund, potential lack of diversification, absence and/or delay of information 
regarding valuations and pricing, complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting, less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds.  Hedge fund, private equity, 
private debt, and private real estate fund investing involves other material risks including capital loss and the loss of the entire amount invested. A fund's offering 
documents should be carefully reviewed prior to investing. 
Hedge fund strategies, such as Long/Short, Equity Hedge, Event Driven, Macro, and Relative Value, may expose investors to the risks associated with the use of short 
selling, leverage, derivatives, and arbitrage methodologies. Short sales involve leverage and theoretically unlimited loss potential since the market price of securities 
sold short may continuously increase. The use of leverage in a portfolio varies by strategy. Leverage can significantly increase return potential but create greater risk 
of loss. Derivatives generally have implied leverage which can magnify volatility and may entail other risks such as market, interest rate, credit, counterparty, and 
management risks. Arbitrage strategies expose a fund to the risk that the anticipated arbitrage opportunities will not develop as anticipated, resulting in potentially 
reduced returns or losses to the fund. 
Definitions 
Morningstar LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan Index is a market value weighted index designed to measure the performance of the U.S. leveraged loan market. The legacy 
payment default rate includes Morningstar LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan Index constituents where the company files for bankruptcy, the facility gets downgraded to D 
by S&P (excluding distressed exchanges and sub-par buybacks), or the interest payment is missed without a forbearance. Distressed exchanges include all liability 
management transactions considered a distressed exchange or default by S&P Global Ratings. 
An index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.  
Bond rating firms, such as Moody’s, Standard & Poor's, and Fitch, use different designations consisting of upper- and lower-case letters 'A' and 'B' to identify a bond's 
credit quality rating. 'AAA' and 'AA' (high credit quality) and 'A' and 'BBB' (medium credit quality) are considered investment grade. Credit ratings for bonds below 
these designations ('BB', 'B', 'CCC', etc.) are considered low credit quality and are commonly referred to as "junk bonds". 
General disclosures 
This content includes material generated with the assistance of artificial intelligence. 
Unless otherwise noted, market data, index data, economic statistics, earnings data, and related analytical information referenced throughout this report are sourced 
from Bloomberg and Wells Fargo Investment Institute, as of September 29, 2026. 
Global Investment Strategy (GIS) is a division of Wells Fargo Investment Institute, Inc. (WFII). WFII is a registered investment adviser and wholly owned subsidiary of 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., a bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. 
The information in this report was prepared by Global Investment Strategy.  Opinions represent GIS’ opinion as of the date of this report and are for general 
information purposes only and are not intended to predict or guarantee the future performance of any individual security, market sector or the markets generally. 
GIS does not undertake to advise you of any change in its opinions or the information contained in this report. Wells Fargo & Company affiliates may issue reports or 
have opinions that are inconsistent with, and reach different conclusions from, this report. 
The information contained herein constitutes general information and is not directed to, designed for, or individually tailored to, any particular investor or potential 
investor.  This report is not intended to be a client-specific suitability or best interest analysis or recommendation, an offer to participate in any investment, or a 
recommendation to buy, hold or sell securities. Do not use this report as the sole basis for investment decisions. Do not select an asset class or investment product 
based on performance alone. Consider all relevant information, including your existing portfolio, investment objectives, risk tolerance, liquidity needs and 

Investment Strategy | October 5, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 9 
investment time horizon. The material contained herein has been prepared from sources and data we believe to be reliable but we make no guarantee to its accuracy 
or completeness. 
Wells Fargo Advisors is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, but is not licensed or 
registered with any financial services regulatory authority outside of the U.S.  Non-U.S. residents who maintain U.S.-based financial services account(s) with Wells 
Fargo Advisors may not be afforded certain protections conferred by legislation and regulations in their country of residence in respect of any investments, 
investment transactions or communications made with Wells Fargo Advisors.  
Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC, separate registered 
broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company. PM-04012028-5981013 
