                                                                                                                                                             Distributed on: 06/ October 
/2026 07:58 AM CET 
  
**For Institutional Use Only**  
  
  
Target Price Changes 
Ticker 
Pub. Date 
  
  
New TP 
Old TP 
Chg (%) 
Fineco [Hold] 
FBK.MI 
6-Oct 
  
▲ 
24.00 
23.40 
2.6 
MTU Aero Engines [Buy] 
MTXGn.DE 
5-Oct 
  
▲ 
457.00 
435.00 
5.1 
Fevertree Drinks [Hold] 
FEVR.L 
6-Oct 
  
▼ 
870.00 
900.00 
-3.3 
Holcim [Buy] 
HOLN.S 
5-Oct 
  
▼ 
87.00 
89.00 
-2.2 
  
  
 
  
HOLCIM  (HOLN.S) - Strong top line growth; Tgt CHF89 to CHF87. Last Close CHF64.94. Buy. 
Jon Bell: Ahead of Q3 results on 23 October, we forecast a c13% increase in sales yoy, reflecting: An organic sales 
increase of 3.6%. A positive FX movement of 1.5% (the first FX tailwind for many quarters, reflecting CHF weakness 
and the strength of the AUD and Mexican Peso). A c7% gain from scope, reflecting this year's acquisitions of Xella 
(1 Jun) Cementos Pacasmayo (1 Apr) and Alkern (1 Jan), partly offset by disposals. 
  
MTU AERO ENGINES  (MTXGn.DE) - Q3 Preview & CMD Sneak Peek; Tgt EUR435 to EUR457. Last Close 
EUR370.3. Buy. 
Christophe Menard: We expect Q3 sales to rise 10%, driven by c.17% growth in commercial OEM sales on higher 
new-engine deliveries. Spare-engine deliveries should be stable, while spare-parts and military sales are expected 
to increase by 12% and 15%, respectively. MRO growth could be more modest at 7%, if guidance still holds. The 
OE mix is likely to weigh on the Q3 EBIT margin, with EBIT rising by 3% and the MRO margin broadly stable at 8%. 
FCF conversion should remain broadly in line with Q2 2026 at 50%, versus 46%. MTU reports Q3 results on 29 
October, with 10% sales growth driven by commercial OEM, sustainable margins and the potential to up FY26 
MRO guidance. Ahead of the November CMD, we reiterate our Buy rating and raise our PT to €457 from €435, 
reflecting adjusted FCF estimates for FY27-FY30. 
 

 
  
FEVERTREE DRINKS  (FEVR.L) - Waiting For The Next Round: US Deep Dive; Tgt 900p to 870p. Last Close 
832p. Hold. 
Daniel Tharian: US premium spirits value fell 3.2% in 2025 versus 2.8% for spirits overall, weakening a long-
standing Fever-Tree tailwind. Moderation has not simply meant fewer, better mixed drinks: alcoholic RTD volumes 
grew 11% annually over 2019-25 versus flat conventional spirits volumes. Pre-mixed convenience bypasses the 
mixer purchase, leaving Fever-Tree competing for share of a pressured occasion. We see the clearest opportunity 
in c.125k relevant on-trade outlets, echoing Fever-Tree’s UK expansion beyond premium venues. Better off-trade 
execution should also lift sales, though sustaining growth may require elevated marketing. Convenience adds 
c.100k outlets, but an $11.60 average basket and energy and sports drinks’ 46% share of packaged-beverage sales 
make it a tougher fit for Fever-Tree’s premium proposition. 
  
FINECO  (FBK.MI) - Good execution vs full valuation; Tgt EUR23.4 to EUR24. Last Close EUR21.58. Hold. 
Giovanni Razzoli: Despite FBK's execution of its CMD initiatives and structural tailwinds, we reiterate our Hold 
rating but update TP to EUR 24 post EPS revision (+1% average 2026-29E). We acknowledge the robust strategic 
direction, particularly in AUC monetization, but believe the current premium valuation (P/E ex NII of 24.4x, in line 
with the average of EU peers on an ex-NII basis) already fully reflects the earnings growth outlook. FBK's strategy 
to monetize its growing AUC stock is progressing well, generating EUR 55m in revenue in 1H26, ie 8% of the top 
line. The monetization of EUR 21.5bn in ETFs, generating EUR 28m in fees in 1H26, also diversifies revenue. 
  
  
AIR LIQUIDE  (AIRP.PA) - New 2030 plan "BEYOND" (incl buyback) implies 20%+ share px upside; Tgt 
EUR192. Last Close EUR170.76. Buy. 
Virginie Boucher-Ferte: Ahead of its virtual CMD starting at 3pm CET today, Air Liquide published a press release 
outlining its new five-year (2026-30) strategic plan & financial framework, "BEYOND", including a new EPS growth 
algorithm (10% +/- 2% recurring EPS CAGR). This target is supported by three core levers: i) sales growth of 5% 
CAGR (+/- 1%) driven by the group's four strategic markets, electronics & AI, energy transition, healthcare and 
space, ii) margin improvement of 400 to 600bps and iii) the strategic deployment of over €40bn in capital. As part 
of its capital allocation, the company announced a €4bn share buyback program for 2027-28 (~4% of current 
market cap). While some investors had hoped for a formal buyback announcement, as management sounded 
more open to the idea of a buyback in recent meetings, expectations were relatively low and neither consensus 
nor our estimates had factored in a buyback. This news should therefore be well-received by the market. 
  
AUMOVIO  (AMV0n.DE) - Q3-26 preview: waiting for pass-throughs in Q4; Tgt EUR55. Last Close EUR34.85. 
Buy. 
Christoph Laskawi: Aumovio is set to report Q3-26 numbers on November 5 before market open and will host a 
conference call the same day. For Q3-26, we model another notable top-line decline which is in part due to 
portfolio measures but also driven by organic underperformance. Inflation pass-throughs are expected to be 
largely Q4-26 weighted and hence are no strong support for margin progression. As a result, we see underlying 
margin down sequentially and recovering significantly into Q4. Overall, while modelling a relatively disappointing 

Q3-26, we still expect the company to hit midpoint of the margin target range and do not expect any outlook 
adjustment with reporting. 
  
DEUTSCHE TELEKOM  (DTEGn.DE) - AI Inside; Tgt EUR40. Last Close EUR26.83. Buy. 
Robert Grindle: DT hosted an AI briefing event which we attended in Bonn yesterday - to our knowledge one of 
the first of its kind for Europe, let alone European telecoms. The over-whelming takeaway was that enthusiasm 
for the use of AI techniques is highly ingrained within all aspects of the Co., that management are optimistic about 
the opportunities afforded (on both costs and revenues) and that agentic AI should not be feared (DT will not 
block access) but will lead to the discovery of all-in value (quality, security, loyalty incentives) rather than just 
price with the ‘telco nervous system’ linking the cloud ‘brain’ to optimise workloads (edge or central) and unlock 
new revenue streams, increase telco pricing power and growth. 
  
INWIT S.P.A.  (INWT.MI) - PoPping off - Management feedback; Tgt EUR9. Last Close EUR6.46. Buy. 
Roshan Ranjit: Last week we had the opportunity to host INWIT CEO Diego Galli alongside Head of Strategy/M&A 
Luigi Minerva, there was a good debate with a number of key points addressed. Whilst we continue to wait for 
the situation to evolve, in our view, the closer we get to March with no news, the more the risk-reward shifts in 
INWIT’s favour. Management continues to emphasise the need to protect the integrity of the MSA, while 
envisaging a win-win solution for all parties, that should see a NPV positive outcome for INW. INW sees scope to 
optimise its returns on any future tower deployment which could offer its customers flexibility, in addition to 
putting caps on future inflation. 
  
MOLTEN VENTURES PLC  (GROW.L) - NAV Growth + Narrowing Discount = Buy; Tgt 877p. Last Close 
672.5p. Buy. 
Tintin Stormont: NAV should continue to build from the FY26 base as we can see value creation being driven 
primarily by its core holdings and with progression in key assets such as Revolut, ICEYE and ISAR Aerospace, 
amongst others. Across the wider portfolio, we believe companies have generally grown into earlier valuation 
marks and given Molten’s prudent approach to valuation, this should also start to come through. Realisations, 
which have picked up markedly in the last c. 2+ years should continue to validate the NAV and fund the next cycle. 
  
RHEINMETALL  (RHMG.DE) - Q3-26 preview: good topline growth; order to come in Q4; Tgt EUR1800. 
Last Close EUR980.2. Buy. 
Christoph Laskawi: Rheinmetall is set to report Q3-26 results on November 5 and will host a conference call the 
same day. We expect the quarter to confirm the trend of being on track to hit full-year 2026 targets, while order 
intake will be weighted to Q4-26. Topline growth is expected again to be above 40%, and cash generation should 
swing back from a soft print in Q2-26. Overall, we maintain our positive view on Rheinmetall and reiterate our 
Buy recommendation. The main catalyst for shares remains the expected Arminius order, which should receive 
budget committee approval in early December. 
  
SAINSBURY'S  (SBRY.L) - Morrisons - Too Heavy to Handle?; Tgt 390p. Last Close 322.9p. Buy. 
Benjamin Yokyong-Zoega: Sainsbury's remains a logical strategic buyer in the UK grocery market, but high debt 
levels at private competitors and CMA approvals are key hurdles to any near[1]term deal. Recent news reports 
(Sky news, FT) indicate Sainsbury’s held exploratory merger talks with Morrisons (owned by PE firm CD&R) 
between November 2025 and February 2026, before Sainsbury's decided to walk away. While talks are reportedly 

not currently active, a merger would align with the strategic interests of both parties, offering CD&R a clean exit 
and Sainsbury's added retail scale and vertically integrated supply, aligning with the Food First strategy. Overall, 
we put a low probability on a transaction in the near term. With the Argos separation ongoing, elevated interest 
rates and rising food inflation, the timing may not yet be ripe for a transaction of this scale. 
  
SANOFI  (SASY.PA) - Weekly Rx/sales tracker; Tgt EUR95. Last Close EUR69.99. Buy. 
Emmanuel Papadakis: We provide our updated weekly tracker of Sanofi's US prescription trends with data up to 
25th September 2026, including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data released on Monday. Notable 
highs/lows/trend shifts this week: Assets maintain their trends from previous weeks. Extrapolation of current 
trends implies the following for FY26: We see DD upside for Dupixent, SD upside for Toujeo, and SD downside for 
Lantus/Lovenox and DD downside for Ayvakit, vs cons respectively. 
  
SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC  (SCHN.PA) - Rationale and financial implications of the PTC deal; Tgt EUR325. 
Last Close EUR272.8. Buy. 
Gael de-Bray: The PTC transaction comes as a negative surprise. Schneider's organic equity story was already 
compelling and there was no need for any "polluting" M&A activity, which now clouds what was previously a 
straightforward investment case. The key question is why deploy billions of euros to build an industrial software 
business that, so far, appears less attractive than its core electrification hardware franchise. Furthermore, the 
deal occurs against a backdrop of broader market skepticism towards the software sector, where concerns over 
AI-driven disruption and "SaaS-pocalypse" may take time to subside. Nevertheless, we find the market's reaction 
excessive given that the decline in Schneider's market capitalization represents roughly 80% of the total 
transaction value, and we reiterate our BUY rating. 
  
UCB  (UCB.BR) - EADV call takes and x-reads: still under some pressure (+ROG/SAN); Tgt EUR295. Last Close 
EUR200.9. Buy. 
Emmanuel Papadakis: We here provide takes from UCB’s EADV call last week as well as the handful of competitive 
x-reads from the conference itself. The summary is the former was uneventful and the latter constituted a minor 
negative; bottom-line, as covered in our recent review (UCB: One for the INTREPID? Immunology 
review/hidradenitis preview (+NOVN) (24/09/26)), we expect the stock to remain hamstrung until we get through 
two pivotal hidradenitis read outs due Q4, though continue to view that as a buying opportunity rather than the 
reverse. We remain Buy, PT€295 unch. 
  
XPS PENSIONS GROUP PLC  (XPS.L) - Supportive trading backdrop; Tgt 485p. Last Close 294.5p. Buy. 
Steve Woolf: Ahead of its trading update we believe the market backdrop remains supportive for XPS. Continued 
interest in risk transfers provide a long pipeline of activity for smaller schemes, while the introduction of surplus 
extraction from April 2027 creates an additional advisory opportunity for larger Schemes. Medium-term forecasts 
are supported by activity in GMP, the Metropolitan Police and SEI administration contracts. We look for a progress 
report on the recent acquisition of APR and expect a relatively smooth integration. The general insurance market 
provides access to an addressable market of c.£1.5bn and creates potential to cross-sell actuarial services. We 
also look for evidence of an improved performance at Polaris, which performed broadly in line with expectations 
in FY26. Following investment in the business, Polaris has the capability to provide a wide range of consulting 
support services to insurers. 
  

NOVO NORDISK  (NOVOb.CO) - Weekly retail Rx tracker; Tgt DKK245. Last Close DKK246.8. Sell. 
Emmanuel Papadakis: We provide our weekly IQVIA tracker of Novo’s GLP-1 assets. Data is up to 25th September, 
with NRx /TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data released Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend 
shifts this week: We see an uptick in Foundayo NBRx as it closes the gap with Oral Wegovy. Rolling growth: Four-
week rolling Ozempic and Wegovy SC growth for TRx/NRx is -4%/3% and +18%/+15 %. Extrapolation of current 
trends implies the following for FY26: We note DD upside for Ozempic and SD upside for SC Wegovy respectively. 
We see DD downside for Rybelsus and SD downside for Oral Wegovy vs cons. 
  
AKZONOBEL  (AKZO.AS) - SE Asia Deco disposal for 21x EBITDA, a positive step forward; Tgt EUR60. Last 
Close EUR57.72. Hold. 
Virginie Boucher-Ferte: Akzo has announced an agreement to sale its South East Asian Deco business to Nippon 
Paint for an EV of $1.35bn (€1.2bn), representing a ‘25 EV/EBITDA multiple of 21x. The net cash proceeds, after 
taxes and minority partners, are expected to be c$1bn (€0.9bn). The business includes Vietnam, Indonesia, 
Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore, Papua New Guinea and Australia. Completion is expected in mid-27, except for the 
sale of the Indonesia business (proceeds of $200m for Akzo), which is expected to complete separately in late 26. 
  
ASTRAZENECA  (AZN.L) - Weekly RX/sales tracker; Tgt 11700p. Last Close 11764p. Hold. 
Emmanuel Papadakis: The following table provides TRx-implied FY26 sales based on prescription data released 
this week. We compare implied sales to DB estimates and consensus in the output below, but please note that 
this calculation has significant caveats: it is based on extrapolating US TRx growth trends, applying a global split 
of sales to extrapolate global sales, and then comparing this with DBe and consensus. Clearly, for products early 
in the launch cycle or with TRx volatility, this will result in wide error bars to these implied estimates. At present, 
another caveat is that it extrapolates the current YTD US run-rate to ROW. 
  
GSK  (GSK.L) - Weekly Rx/sales tracker; Tgt 2000p. Last Close 1759p. Hold. 
Emmanuel Papadakis: We provide our weekly IQVIA tracker of prescription trends for a selection of GSK's key 
assets with data up to 25th September 2026, including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and NBRX data released 
Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: We see assets maintain their trends from previous 
weeks. Rolling growth: For 4-week rolling growth, GSK HIV TRx and NRx are flat/-2%, respectively, with NBRx +1%. 
Extrapolation of current trends implies the following for FY26: Rx_implied sales vs cons are at SD upside for 
Apretude/Nucala/Seretide, and SD downside for Dovato/Trelegy/Triumeq, respectively. We see DD upside for 
Blenrep/Exdensur whilst Shingrix/Cabenuva are broadly in line with cons. 
  
HEINEKEN  (HEIN.AS) - 3Q26 sales preview; expecting a mixed quarter; Tgt EUR76. Last Close EUR69.96. 
Hold. 
Mitch Collett: Heineken will report its 3Q26 sales on 28 October. We expect a mixed quarter. Key regional volume 
growth is expected to be Vietnam +10%, India +6%, Brazil +5% and Mexico -1%. For 3Q, we expect organic 
consolidated volume growth of +1.5%, organic revenue growth of +3.1% with price/mix of +1.6%. We estimate 
3Q reported sales of €8,008mn. We expect the company to reiterate FY26 organic operating profit growth 
guidance of 2-6% (DBe +4.9%, Bloomberg consensus +5.4%). 
  
NOVARTIS  (NOVN.S) - Weekly Rx/sales tracker; Tgt CHF120. Last Close CHF116.48. Hold. 

Emmanuel Papadakis: We provide our weekly IQVIA tracker of prescription trends for a selection of Novartis' key 
assets with data up to 25th September 2026, including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data released 
Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: IQVIA report a spike in Ocrevus/Kesimpta sales 
this week. Extrapolation of current trends implies the following for FY26: We see DD upside vs cons for 
Leqvio/Scemblix, SD upside for Promacta/Kisqali/Kesimpta and SD downside for Entresto/Cosentyx respectively. 
  
RIO TINTO  (RIO.L) - Infra sale nearing – a free lunch?; Tgt 7400p. Last Close 7183p. Hold. 
Liam Fitzpatrick: Over the weekend, there were more reports that RIO is closing in on the sale of its Australian 
and Canadian power and transmission assets for ~$A7bn (US$5bn), equivalent to £2.3/sh or ~3% of MC. At the 
recent interim results, the company guided that it expects to announce around $5bn of cumulative disposals 
before the end of this year. If the transaction is structured like BHP's WAIO power deal, and the market reacts in 
a similarly positive way, the cash proceeds may almost be treated as 'free money' by the market, with the related 
liability excluded from net debt. Additional disposals, potentially including Borates and Iron & Titanium, are likely 
to follow from 2027 onwards. 
  
ROCHE  (RO.S) - Weekly Rx/sales tracker; Tgt CHF340. Last Close CHF358. Hold. 
Emmanuel Papadakis: We provide our weekly IQVIA tracker of prescription trends for a selection of RO's key 
assets with data up to 25th September 2026 including NRx/TRx data released on Friday and NBRx data released 
Monday afternoon. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: IQVIA reports a spike in Ocrevus/Kesimpta sales 
this week. Extrapolation of current trends implies the following for FY26: We see Rx-implied variance of SD upside 
Vabysmo/Actemra and DD upside for Perjeta/Hemlibra vs cons. We see SD downside for Ocrevus/Tecentriq vs 
cons. 
  
  
DB MEDIA & ONLINE #WHAT'S APPENING  - WPP/Creative CEO leaving, M6/ Mgmt. change, 
HBX/Q4 preview, HEM/New est. 
Gareth Davies: WPP (Buy, last close: 372.7p): CEO of Creative to leave. Jon Cook, Global CEO of VML and CEO of 
WPP Creative, has announced his intention to leave WPP. Eric Campbell, currently CEO of VML and WPP Creative 
in North America, will succeed Cook in March 2027. WPP note that further details on the ongoing leadership 
structure across WPP Creative will be shared soon. 
  
EU AIRLINE INDUSTRY UPDATE  - Detailed Pricing Analysis 
Jaime Rowbotham: (i) Across all points on the booking curve, as per figure 1, in absolute terms Transatlantic 
pricing continues to look the strongest, followed by EU to RoW and short-haul business class, with short-haul 
economy & domestic fares remaining the weakest; (ii) Across most segments, broadly speaking fares trends 
improve the further out you look; and (iii) In terms of sequential change, as per figure 2, short[1]haul intra-EU 
fares (ex domestic) have seen a sequential improvement across all points on the booking curve. We think the 
improvement in the 30-day out fares trend in particular (+10% looking at fares advertised in Sept to fly in Oct vs 
the +5% shown last month for fares advertised in Aug to fly in Sept) is thanks to capacity cuts against a backdrop 
of jet fuel at ~$1,500/mt (as per our monthly Transport Leading Indicators report from 29th Sept, intra-EU seats 
for 4Q26 are tracking at +1.2% yoy vs 2.6% a month ago and +3.1% two months ago). 

  
EU PHARMACEUTICALS  - Weekly SMID Tracker 
Emmanuel Papadakis: To track weekly US trends for small to mid-cap companies, we present sales/unit volume 
data for key assets in the US through 25thSeptember 2026, which became available Monday afternoon. We also 
provide NBRx/NRx/TRx prescription data for the respective assets. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: We 
see assets maintaining their Rx trends this week. n IQVIA extrapolating trends: For Rx-implied vs cons we note DD 
upside for Vyvgart and SD upside for Rexulti/Nemluvio/Vyepti respectively. We see SD downside for 
Bimzelx/Quviviq vs cons. 
  
EU PHARMACEUTICALS  - Weekly US Biosimilars Tracker (IQVIA) 
Niall Alexander: To track weekly US Biosimilar trends with greater granularity, we present weekly 
sales/prescription data for key biosimilar products, which is up to 25th September 2026, with TRx data released 
on Friday and sales data released Monday. Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: Assets maintain their trends 
from previous weeks. Based on available Rx data for Immunology biosimilar ustekinumab, market penetration is 
c.73%. However, this excludes data from private_label products. SDZ continues to lead the denosumab biosimilar 
launch. 
  
EU PHARMACEUTICALS  - Weekly US Vaccine Tracker (IQVIA/Symphony) 
Emmanuel Papadakis: To track weekly US vaccine trends with greater granularity, we present weekly 
sales/prescription data for key vaccine products, which is up to 25th September 2026, with NRx/TRx data released 
on Friday and NBRx data released Monday afternoon. We continue to report COVID/flu data in our vaccines 
tracker and provide 
prescription data 
for pediatric vaccines (including boosters and MMR), 
meningitis/pneumococcal and cervical/HPV vaccines as they relate to GSK and SAN (and competitors MRK and 
PFE). Notable highs/lows/trend shifts this week: Seasonal vaccines are declining in line with seasonal trends. 
  
EUROPEAN DISTILLERS  - NABCA data dive: US Spirits trends deteriorated sharply in August 
Mitch Collett: NABCA August data (released on 2 October) indicates that, across US control states, spirits volumes 
(adjusted for selling days) declined 4.5%, while value declined 7.0%, implying price/mix of -2.5%. Both the volume 
and value declines were the steepest since November 2025. Price/mix remained weak, highlighting ongoing 
pricing pressure across the spirits category. Relative to 2019, growth in both value and volume softened versus 
the previous two months, while cumulative price/mix growth since 2019 is now close to mid-single digits, down 
from low-double-digit levels over the past 12 months. 
  
EUROPEAN ONLINE BROKERS & PLATFORMS  - European Retail Trading Activity Tracker 
(September 26) 
Olivia Pulvermacher: In the European Retail Trading Activity Tracker, we compile key performance indicators for 
the European pure-play retail online brokerage providers flatexDEGIRO (FTK), Avanza (AZA), Fineco (FBK) and 
Nordnet (SAVE). Please note that Fineco has not yet published its September data. Key performance indicators 
include: 1) total number of customers, 2) customer trading activity, 3) total assets under custody and customer 
cash balances and 4) margin loans. To sum up: Trading activity weakened further in September, with total trades 
declining by 6% YoY and daily trading activity per customer by 15% YoY on average. 
  
EUROPEAN REAL ESTATE  - Weekly Valuation Snapshot 

Thomas Rothaeusler: Included here is the weekly valuation and performance snapshot of our Continental 
European and UK coverage universe. The Continental Europe REITs sector is currently trading at a ~35% NTA 
discount for 2026e, and the UK sector is trading at a ~23% discount. P/E is averaging 11.9x for our European 
coverage, against a 5Y industry average of 13.9x and 10Y average of 15.6x, while our UK coverage P/E is averaging 
15.9x, against a 5Y industry average of 16.5x and 10Y average of 17.7x. 
  
SPACE TECHNOLOGY  - Top 50 - Perspectives on the pullback 
Roshan Ranjit: Space/satellite stocks have experienced a steep correction over the past quarter. Naturally, a rising 
interest rate environment would have a negative effect on this group. Moreover, the SpaceX IPO created further 
pressure, hurting retail and thematic flows in our view. We take a closer look at the trends in the sector, identifying 
50 public space companies globally (excluding SpaceX). In total, these companies are worth $254bn or +20% YoY. 
In terms of YTD performance, the average change in market capitalization for a space stock is +14% (median is 
actually -4%) vs. NASDAQ +17%; the best performer is +248% vs. worse -72%. Zooming out, we've seen four 
corrections of >40% in the past four years with the average peak-to-trough decline across the "New Space" cohort 
in the US at -44%; the current correction saw a >60% drawdown at its low, suggesting to us a trough may be in. 
  
STEEL SPREAD TRACKER  - US HRC continues uptrend as EU prices recedes 
Bastian Synagowitz: European demand remains soft and the conflict in the Middle East remains a lingering 
headwind for the broader economy. Nevertheless, Western prices and margins remain strong and EU prices 
rebounded after the start of the new EU safeguard tool. This marks a significant step up in trade protection and 
should support a sustained rebound in European spreads (with CBAM adding to that). Hence, we keep our 
constructive view on the sector. Our top picks in carbon steel are: thyssenkrupp (TKAG.DE, Buy; EUR14.01; TP: 
EUR18.0) on possible catalysts and policy tailwinds in steel. 
  
TRAVEL & LEISURE WEEKLY  - The Destination 
Tim Barrett: A sharp decline in Gaming (-3.7%), driven by the Brazilian government’s move to outlaw online 
betting, dragged the Travel & Leisure (T&L) sector slightly negative to -0.1% this week, offsetting strong 
performances across all other sub-sectors (Travel-related operators: +5.5%, Pubs & Restaurants: +3.6%, Hotels: 
+2.2%). Despite this gaming drag, T&L managed to outperform the broader Euro Stoxx 600 (-1.5%), which fell 
amid persistent inflation and interest rate concerns. This concluded a negative Sept for the T&L sector, which 
finished down -0.6% overall. The Stoxx T&L Index declined 3.7% YTD, compared with a 5.8% gain for the Euro 
Stoxx 600. 
  
  
PTC  (PTC.OQ) - PTC acquisition by Schneider Electric - downgrade to Hold; Buy to Hold. Tgt USD180 to USD205. 
Last Close USD192.26. 
Johannes Schaller: Schneider Electric announced the proposed all-cash acquisition of PTC for $205 per share, 
implying an enterprise value of ~$23.7b and reflecting a ~42% premium to PTC’s last closing price of Friday. 
Subject to customary regulatory approvals, closing is expected by Q3/27. We have long viewed PTC as a credible 
acquisition target, last reinforced by reports last year that Autodesk had explored a potential transaction and that 
PTC had attracted interest from other industry players, likely including Schneider Electric. Against the backdrop 

of the ongoing AI disruption debate, we view the offer as attractive for PTC shareholders, as we believe investors 
would have required clearer evidence of the AI implications for PTC, before assigning a meaningfully higher 
standalone valuation again, limiting the scope for a rapid re-rating absence the acquisition. We believe the offer 
better reflects the quality of the underlying business and therefore expect full (ongoing) support from PTC’s 
shareholders, management and board. With a core pillar of our investment thesis thus realized and limited upside 
to our increased $205 price target, we downgrade PTC from Buy to Hold. 
  
C.H. ROBINSON  (CHRW.OQ) - An unusually negative market reaction; Tgt USD220. Last Close USD140.61. 
Buy. 
Richa Harnain: CHRW closed down 11% after announcing its intention to acquire RXO earlier this morning. With 
the help of AI, we reviewed one-day acquirer stock reactions across Industrials over the past three years and 
found that the average move was roughly flat, with a modestly negative skew. Even the weakest reactions in our 
analysis were far smaller, including Copart’s (CPRT) proposed acquisition of ACV, which sent the stock down 4%, 
and UPS’s announcement to acquire Andlauer Healthcare, which drove a 1% decline. Against that backdrop, 
CHRW’s reaction stands out as particularly severe. 
  
JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC  (JAZZ.OQ) - 3Q26 Earnings Preview: Adding to Top Picks on Ziihera 
Growth Story & Durable Sleep/Wake Franchise; Tgt USD300. Last Close USD236.04. Buy. 
David Hoang: We caught up with mgmt. last week ahead of 3Q26 earnings, and continue to like JAZZ as a growth 
story and see it evolving into a marquee large-cap biopharma name if the execution continues. With the stock 
having retreated by -10% since recent highs in Aug., we believe there is a buying opportunity and are highlighting 
JAZZ as a Top Pick alongside SYRE (which we reiterated and designated as our 4Q26 Fresh Money Idea). Recall we 
also hosted JAZZ for a fireside chat at our second annual DB Healthcare Summit on Sep. 16th. 
  
MCKESSON CORP  (MCK.N) - Option Value? MCK Reported to Pursue OPCH; Tgt USD913. Last Close 
USD915.45. Buy. 
George Hill: MCK and CD&R Near Deal for OPCH: According to a Financial Times report, McKesson and private 
equity firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice are in advanced talks to acquire Option Care Health, the nation’s largest 
independent provider of home and alternate site infusion services, in a transaction valued at more than $5 billion 
including debt. Under the structure currently being discussed, CD&R would own 51% of the business and MCK 
49%, with MCK having an option to acquire CD&R’s stake at a later date. We suspect MCK likely involved CD&R to 
limit its upfront capital commitment while still gaining strategic exposure to the asset, with a potential path to 
full ownership over time. 
  
OPTION CARE HEALTH  (OPCH.OQ) - Headlines of a takeout, exact price still TBD; Tgt USD24. Last Close 
USD23.37. Hold. 
Pito Chickering: Media reports released after the close on Monday state that McKesson (covered by George Hill) 
and private equity are in talks to jointly acquire OPCH at a valuation of “more than $5b”. MCK is reportedly 
targeting a 49% stake with the PE firm at 51%, though MCK would retain the option to purchase the other 51% of 
the equity at some point in the future. The report also states that an agreement could be reached as soon as 
Tuesday with the usual qualifier that negotiations are ongoing. Taking OPCH’s current shares outstanding of 
149.8m, cash & equivalents of $193.8m, and total debt of ~$1.29b including leases, a $5b takeout enterprise 
valuation would imply ~12% upside to the stock from Monday’s close, with the percentage upside to shares 
increasing by ~6 percentage points for each additional $200m on the EV. So at a $5b EV takeout, the upside looks 

relatively minimal from current levels but starts to look more attractive at the $5.4b mark which would take the 
implied stock price up nearly 25%. 
  
MANAGED CARE  - Heat Check: HUM Heating Up on Stars, AEP 
George Hill: Humana Positioning for Stars and Growth: We recently hosted a KOL call with a national Medicare 
Advantage broker with a 100K+ member book of business, where our key takeaway was increased confidence on 
Humana’s business outlook as it relates to retention and growth, and potentially Stars performance. HUM plans 
to resume paying commissions on contract H5216 according to our broker, which we believe is a likely positive 
leading indicator relating to its expectation that contract returns to four-star status in 2027. Our broker also 
believes Humana has been very shrewd with respect to benefit design and regional exits relative to its 
competitors, and is likely to be in a position to grow this contract and potentially total membership in this book, 
inclusive of cross walked members. 
 
