0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
2Q17
4Q17
2Q18
4Q18
2Q19
4Q19
2Q20
4Q20
2Q21
4Q21
2Q22
4Q22
2Q23
4Q23
2Q24
4Q24
2Q25
4Q25
2Q26
Share of Companies Issuing Positive Guidance
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
Materials
Com. Svc.
Energy
Health C.
Financials
Info. Tech.
Cons. Stp.
Utilities
Cons. Dis.
Industrials
Real Est.
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
Democrats hold an 8.5% national lead in the RealClearPolitics average, but with many key Senate races still within the margin of error, 
the outcome remains far from certain. Case in point: most polls pointed to a low-single-digit lead for Brazil’s incumbent Lula da Silva, 
but in Sunday’s election his challenger Flavio Bolsonaro came out ahead by 1.9%. The broader lesson is that polls are a snapshot of 
voter sentiment at any given moment, not a forecast of the final result. As such, they should be viewed with a healthy dose of caution.
Tuesday, October 6, 2026
Earnings season kicks into high gear one week from today, with consensus expecting S&P 500 EPS growth of 29.2% YoY. Excluding Tech, 
earnings growth remains a still healthy 16.7%. That would mark the eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, the longest 
streak since 3Q11. Expectations are high: among the 116 companies issuing 3Q EPS guidance, 62% guided above consensus, the highest 
share since 2Q21. As a result, forward guidance may play an outsized role in shaping investors’ reactions to earnings results.
Sector Performance
3Q26 Earnings Season Preview—Upbeat Guidance Translates Into Lofty Expectations
With Four Weeks Until The Midterms, Brazil Offers A Cautionary Tale: The Polls Aren’t Perfect 
Brazilian Stocks And Currency Jump On Expectations Of A Bolsonaro Presidency
Holiday shopping is underway, with Amazon, Walmart, and Target promotional events this week. Adobe projects Amazon’s ‘Big Deal 
Days’ today and tomorrow will generate $9.9B in spending, up 8% YoY, helping drive a record $275.1B in online holiday sales. Despite 
ongoing cost-of-living pressures, consumers remain willing to spend when discounts are available. Demand remains concentrated in 
essentials such as household products and apparel, highlighting a consumer that remains resilient but increasingly value-conscious.
Prime Big Deal Days Kick Off Holiday Shopping Season 
Source: FactSet
How Is Consumer Spending Holding Up? This Week’s Earnings Reports Could Offer Insights 
Source: FactSet
Chart of the Day: Guidance Gets a Boost
Ahead of next week’s Financials earnings, this week’s spotlight is on consumer-facing companies. Starting this afternoon, investors will 
be watching how beer distributor Constellation Brands is managing consumer affordability frustrations as well as higher aluminum and 
raw material costs. Similar themes will be in focus when PepsiCo reports Thursday morning. On Wednesday, Levi Strauss will provide 
insight into apparel demand, while Friday’s Delta report will offer an update on leisure and business travel trends, along with fuel costs.
Following the first-round election results, Brazil’s Bovespa index surged 7.7% to a record high, lifting its YTD gain to 28.9%. The real 
gained 4.2% against the US dollar and remains the top performing G20 currency YTD. The 10-year government bond yield declined by 
more than one percentage point to 13%. Market reaction indicates that investors expect Bolsonaro to win the Oct. 25 run-off—which, as 
we recently explained, is the preferred outcome among the nation’s business leaders. Even so, the scale of this rally may be stretched.
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
0.7%
13.6%
7,774
0.4%
7,857
8:30am
Trade Balance
-$101.4B
-$88.6B
DJIA
0.2%
6.7%
51,268
0.6%
51,842
NASDAQ 100
0.9%
23.1%
31,076
0.6%
31,500
Russell 2000
0.5%
14.7%
2,847
0.3%
2,876
MSCI EAFE*
0.5%
9.9%
1950
0.6%
3156
10-Yr Yield**
3
-5.5%
5.31%
--
--
USD Index
0.2%
3.9%
102.17
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 10/05/2026)
(as of: 07:31 E.T.)
Today's  Events
Of the 116 companies that issued 3Q EPS guidance, 62% 
guided above consensus, the highest share since 2Q21.

LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. The ISM Services PMI is a monthly economic indicator that measures the health, growth, and 
direction of the U.S. service sector. The trade balance is the difference in value between a country's total exports and total imports over a specific period. 
The Bovespa Index is the primary benchmark stock market index for Brazil, tracking the performance of the most actively traded stocks on the B3 stock 
exchange in São Paulo. 
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. Real estate investments can be subject to 
different and greater risks than more diversified investments. Declines in the value of real estate, economic conditions, property taxes, tax laws and 
interest rates all present potential risks to real estate investments. Be advised that investments in real estate and in REITs have various risks, including 
possible lack of liquidity and devaluation based on adverse economic and regulatory changes. Additionally, investments in REIT’s will fluctuate with the 
value of the underlying properties, and the price at redemption may be more or less than the original price paid.
Data Source | FactSet as of 10/5/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
