Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 1 of 12
Market Barometer
Equity Market
Previous Close
1-Day (%) 
1-Day (Chg) 
WTD 
MTD 
QTD 
YTD 
12-Month
US
7773.95
0.66 
51.23 
0.66 
1.60 
1.60 
13.56 
580.00
Dow Jones
51267.90
0.18 
90.94 
0.18 
0.71 
0.71 
6.67 
9.79
Nasdaq
27477.31
1.05 
286.45 
1.05 
2.29 
2.29 
18.22 
19.77
Mexico
64975.08
0.69 
443.40 
0.69 
1.18 
1.18 
1.04 
7.57
Brazil
206911.90
7.70 
14797.34 
7.70 
11.04 
11.04 
28.42 
44.08
Europe
6242.14
0.06
3.64 
0.06 
-0.43 
-0.43 
7.78 
10.90
UK
10497.94
0.34 
35.99 
0.34 
-1.02 
-1.02 
5.70 
10.75
France
7834.10
-0.80 
-63.09 
-0.80 
-1.64 
-1.64 
-3.87 
-1.73
Germany
25254.21
0.09 
23.01 
0.09 
0.22 
0.22 
3.12 
3.59
Spain
19299.70
1.12 
214.40 
1.12 
-0.65 
-0.65 
11.51 
24.06
Switzerland
13703.53
0.31 
42.61 
0.31 
-0.92 
-0.92 
3.29 
9.18
Japan
69946.86
2.40 
1637.40 
2.73 
5.13 
5.13 
39.41 
46.37
Hong Kong
24040.34
0.28 
68.05 
1.28 
-1.36 
-1.36 
-5.27 
-9.93
China
3830.45
n.a.
n.a. 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
-3.19 
-1.05
India
22421.95
0.60 
133.80 
0.60 
-0.29 
-0.29 
-13.68 
-10.06
Commodities
Last
1-Day (%) 
1-Day (Chg) 
WTD 
MTD 
QTD 
YTD 
12-Month
Volatility
15.52
1.37
0.21 
1.37 
-5.02 
-5.02 
3.81 
-5.19
Gold
4139.50
-0.04 
-1.69 
-0.15 
-0.54 
-0.54 
-4.27 
4.40
Oil
89.43
-1.84 
-1.68 
-1.70 
-0.95 
-0.95 
57.34 
47.18
Thomson Reuters/Core Commodity
410.94
0.21
0.85 
0.21 
0.17 
0.17 
37.54 
36.51
Bloomberg Commodity Index
142.03
0.37
0.52 
0.37 
0.18 
0.18 
29.49 
34.00
USD/JPY
157.9100
0.04
0.06 
-0.01 
0.27 
0.27 
0.71 
4.98
EUR/USD
1.1223
-0.28 
-0.0032 
-0.25 
-0.91 
-0.91 
-4.42 
-4.13
GBP/USD
1.3222
-0.14 
-0.0019 
-0.10 
-0.28 
-0.28 
-1.83 
-1.91
EUR/CHF
0.9321
-0.08 
-0.0007 
-0.02 
-1.53 
-1.53 
0.18 
0.14
Fixed Income
Core Indicators
2y
5y
10y
2s10s
(bps)
10y Swap
Spread
US
4.83
5.07
5.32 
49 
-0.3961
Germany
3.07
3.25
3.49 
43 
0.0933
UK
4.85
4.95
5.42 
57 
-0.4575
Japan
1.93
2.40
3.12 
119 
-
Source: Bloomberg
U.S. Markets Recap
US +0.66% | Nasdaq +1.05% | Dow +0.18%
Synopsis

US equities finished higher Monday, not far off best levels. Nasdaq set a fresh record high and the S&P 500 is now just 0.3% off its record
close. Breadth was positive, with equal-weight (RSP) higher following seven-straight weekly declines (third time in history). The AI trade
didn't do much, with software a standout (M&A, MSFT-US upgrade). Big tech was higher, with SPCX-US, TSLA-US and NVDA-US the biggest
gainers. Other outperformers included EM (Brazil), industrial metals, payments, hospitals, life sciences, China tech and energy. Laggards
included trucking (CHRW-US M&A), homebuilders, casual diners, athletic apparel, cruise lines, PE and IBs. Treasuries were mixed with
curve steepening; yields were up 4 bp at the back end, though off worst levels. The dollar index was up 0.2%, gold finished down 0.1%,
silver was up 1.5% and Bitcoin futures were up 1.7%. WTI crude was down 1.8% in choppy trading and fell further after settlement. It was
a pretty quiet session with very few meaningful directional drivers. Oil was on the defensive, with more push and pull between better flows
and lack of diplomatic traction, and the busy run of headlines on overseas political developments produced limited spillover effects. The
biggest story was that stocks were up despite another backup in long-term yields; the bar seems to keep ratcheting higher when it comes

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 2 of 12
to the potential pain threshold for stocks, with some cushion from the stabilization at the front end and the recent fade in October tight-
ening expectations. The upcoming Q3 earnings season is expected to put the focus back on the elevated corporate backdrop and the
broader AI tailwind. Despite some near-term seasonal headwinds, Q4 is historically the best-performing quarter for stocks, and positioning
and flow dynamics (near-term resumption of corporate buybacks) were cited as largely supportive. M&A was the highlight on the corporate
calendar. CBRS-US was boosted by Altman's comments that the chipmaker is a "close partner" of OpenAI, INSM-US's CFO is stepping
down, VST-US was higher on a report the US government will lend it $4.2B to boost its nuclear power generation, and a financial press
report discussed how LEVI-US is a beneficiary of the ramp in demand for '90s apparel.
Macro

Middle East and oil: Iran's parliamentary speaker said the Strait of Hormuz will remain closed until seven conditions from the June MoU
with the US are satisfied (Reuters), although sequencing and nuclear remain key sticking points to any agreement. Tehran reiterated that
the US must meet its seven demands, while the US blockade chokes off Iran's crude exports as oil shipments from other nations increase
under US naval assistance (Bloomberg). The White House is weighing whether to restart combat operations, prompting a retaliation warn-
ing from Iran, and Treasury Secretary Bessent said Iran loaded zero crude oil onto tankers last month. Saudi Arabia, Turkey and Pakistan
agreed to immediately activate collective-defense commitments under the Makkah Defense Alliance, including preparations to rapidly
deploy forces to Saudi Arabia, explicitly aimed at deterring further attacks including recent Houthi missile and drone attacks (Al Arabiya).
Saudi-backed government forces seized key positions in the Dhubab district to secure the Bab el-Mandeb Strait, and Saudi-backed Yem-
eni forces claimed they recaptured Mocha, though reports remain preliminary and Houthis denied the claims (Reuters). Regional oil flows
remain resilient: Saudi Arabia's East-West pipeline is said to be operating normally after a report it had shut following the weekend attack,
having returned to 80% of its 7M bpd capacity by late last week, and Reuters data show Middle East oil exports at 18.3M bpd for the
seven days to 30-Sep, above the pre-war 18M average. Saudi Arabia lifted its crude exports to 6.1M bpd in September from 3.4M in
August, and OPEC+ agreed over the weekend to keep November output unchanged. Kuwait oil output is hovering around 75% of its pre-
war level and Iraq is to hire additional tankers as it seeks greater control over its Hormuz transits (Bloomberg). Trump said the destruction
of Russian refineries by Ukraine, not Hormuz disruption, is driving gasoline prices higher, and is planning to ease limits on the use of a
tax-exempt variety of diesel (Bloomberg).

September ISM services: September ISM Services eased to 54.9 versus 55.0 consensus and August's 55.4. Business Activity fell 5.2
points to 56.5 and New Orders slipped 1.1 points to 59.8, though both remained solidly expansionary. Employment improved 2.3 points
to 50.1, returning to expansion for the first time in three months, with ISM linking the improvement to elevated orders, activity and rising
backlogs. Prices increased 1.4 points to 74.0, the highest since Jul-22, with fuel rising for an eighth straight month. Tariffs and fuel costs
remained the most-cited supply-chain issues, with fuel mentioned twice as often as any other performance issue. Final S&P PMI Services
showed activity at its strongest since Jul-21, hiring at its fastest since Jun-22 and input-cost inflation at its highest since Nov-22. Data
ahead: ADP private weekly payrolls and export/import data on Tuesday; NY Fed consumer inflation expectations and September FOMC
minutes on Wednesday; initial claims and wholesale inventories on Thursday; and preliminary University of Michigan consumer sentiment
for October on Friday.

Rates, the Fed and credit: Friday's softer-than-expected NFP report took implied odds of an October rate hike below 25%, though the
accompanying rate rally quickly reversed. Fed leadership seemed to push back against an October tightening, and a cooler August core
PCE print also played a role. It is a busy day of Fedspeak, with Williams, Bowman, Schmid and Logan all on the calendar; Treasury sells
$58B of 3-year notes on Tuesday, $39B of 10-year notes on Wednesday and $22B of 30-year bonds on Thursday, when the Fed's Waller
is also scheduled to speak. Economists said 50 bp of hikes is not enough to deter the AI capex boom (NY Times), while Citadel Securities
said the Treasury selloff is driven by strong growth and competition for capital rather than inflation fears (Bloomberg). US equity bench-
marks are trading at, or close to, records after longer-dated Treasury yields touched 24-year highs, but gains have masked weak breadth,
with the S&P 500 Equal-Weight index down 4% over the past month compared with Nasdaq's 3% gain. Surging yields have raised concerns
about spillover to corporate credit after the average investment-grade rate hit 6% for the first time since 2023, the CDX IG index rose to
its highest since April and the junk yield spread over Treasuries hit its highest since Mar-2023 (Bloomberg). JPM strategists forecast IG
corporate bonds to outperform Treasuries in Q4, citing slower hyperscaler issuance and strong corporate earnings.

Corporate and M&A: PTC is to be acquired by Schneider Electric (SU-FR) at 205ashareincash,a42%premium,inadealvaluedat~22.6B. CH
Robinson is to acquire RXO for $30.25 in cash and stock, a nearly 30% premium, in a deal valued at $5.8B. Cenovus Energy is to acquire
Athabasca Oil in a cash-and-stock deal with an implied EV of $5.7B, GE Healthcare is to acquire Sofie for nearly $1B to expand its footprint
in radiopharmaceuticals, and Advanced Drainage is to acquire Storm Trap Investments for $530M. Outside M&A, Intel was pressured by
Elon Musk's confirmation of preliminary talks over a potential role for TSMC in Terafab's Texas chip project. Intel joined the project in
April as a manufacturing and process-technology partner; Musk had said Tesla plans to use Intel's 14A process to make chips at Terafab,
though Intel still has not named a committed external 14A customer. The Information reported that Microsoft and Meta are working to
reduce internal usage of Anthropic's Claude, OpenAI launched visual ads that appear alongside image generation results (The Verge), and
Skydance's executive team was announced by CEO David Ellison and co-CEO Ynon Kreiz (CNBC).

Equity strategy and earnings: Strategists see valuation resets opening dip opportunities: Morgan Stanley said summer valuation resets
have opened attractive entry points, citing improving earnings revision profiles in harder-hit pockets such as capital goods, and Jefferies
argued the Q3 washout created selective opportunities given wide performance dispersion. RBC Capital Markets maintained its 8,150
year-end S&P 500 price target but warned a standard 5-10% near-term pullback remains likely, citing Middle East geopolitical escalation,
downward revisions to bottom-up consensus EPS growth, midterm election uncertainties, sticky inflation and a higher-for-longer Fed rate
backdrop. Heading into the unofficial start of Q3 earnings season next week, S&P 500 earnings are expected to increase 29.5% y/y in
Q3, the third straight quarter of 25%+ earnings growth, with revenue expected to increase 12.3% and tech sector earnings expected to

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 3 of 12
increase 65% y/y. Goldman Sachs noted that beneficiaries of AI infrastructure spending are expected to account for over half of S&P 500
EPS growth in Q3, with hyperscaler capex growth of 116%. Market debate centers on how the divergence between weak breadth and
index-level resilience gets resolved, whether the velocity of the backup in rates is now a threat to equities or already priced in through
multiple contraction, and a consumer narrative that remains K-shaped, with consumer confidence at its lowest level since 2014.
Notable Movers

+33.5% PTC-US (PTC Inc.): Agreed to be acquired by Schneider Electric (SU-FR) for ~$23B, or $205/share, representing a 42% premium
to Friday's close; transaction anticipated to be completed by 3Q27.

+30.9% PCVX-US (Vaxcyte): Topline data from OPUS-1 pivotal adult Phase 3 trial of VAX-31 hit all prespecified co-primary endpoints in
adults 50+ with no vaccine-related serious adverse events.

+22.5% RXO-US (RXO, Inc.): To be acquired by CHRW-US for $30.25 a share in cash and stock; represents a ~29% premium to Friday's
close; deal expected to close 1H-27.

+12.1% ALVO-US (Alvotech): FDA approved supplement to BLA for Alvotech's AVT02.

+9.1% CBRS-US (Cerebras Systems): OpenAI CEO Sam Altman posted on X that Cerebras is a close partner; stock had been pressured
recently (down ~15% over past five sessions) by SemiAnalysis report that said OpenAI has been using Nvidia (NVDA-US) chips rather than
Cerebras in latest GPT6.1 Sol model.

+7% VIRT-US (Virtu Financial): Upgraded to overweight from neutral at JPMorgan; cited growth outlook linked to product innovation and
new product proliferation throughout industry.

+6.7% HOG-US (Harley-Davidson): Upgraded to buy from neutral at Citi; believes a retail demand inflection is on the horizon and 2027
could mark beginning of sustained recovery.

+5.4% DKNG-US (DraftKings): Upgraded to buy from neutral at BofA; said company will be a prediction markets winner no matter the
regulatory future, see less cannibalization risk, bottoming Street estimates.

+3.1% GEO-US (GEO Group): Announced sale of the Adelanto for $950M; increased share repurchase authorization to $1.25B.

+2.8% TSM-US (TSMC): Elon Musk confirmed preliminary talks with the company regarding a potential role in Terafab's Texas chip project.

+1.5% EL-US (Estée Lauder): Upgraded to overweight from equal weight at Barclays; cited strong earnings and organic sales in FQ4; sees
the beginning of more broad-based growth in fiscal 2027.

+1.5% MSFT-US (Microsoft): Upgraded to buy from hold at Melius Research; said company a likely beneficiary from AI fears as enterprises
spend on secure wrappers; also argued executive team increasingly to be considered the adults in charge, said AI dynamics should
translate into pricing tailwind.

+1.2% WFC-US (Wells Fargo): Upgraded to overweight from equal-weight at Morgan Stanley; sees 2026 as a transition year, with earnings
and returns payoff becoming more visible in 2027.

-2.6% INTC-US (Intel): Elon Musk confirmed preliminary talks with TSMC (TSM-US) regarding a potential role in Terafab's Texas chip
project; Intel joined the project back in April as a manufacturing and process-technology partner.

-2.8% QURE-US (uniQure NV): Downgraded to equal weight from overweight at Barclays; noted 48-month data on Huntington's study
increases regulatory uncertainty.

-3.4% GPI-US (Group 1 Automotive): Downgraded to underweight from equal-weight at Morgan Stanley; cited company-specific execution
risk combined with a more challenging industry backdrop.

-3.8% BMY-US (Bristol Myers Squibb): Downgraded to market perform from outperform at Leerink Partners; cited lack of conviction on key
pipeline candidates reading out over next several months.

-6.6% INSM-US (Insmed): CFO Sara Bonstein stepping down this month; FY26 guidance reaffirmed.

-9.5% CWH-US (Camping World Holdings): Guided FY26 EBITDA below consensus; cited continued uncertainty regarding macroeconomic
conditions and RV industry demand; highlighted more promotional environment and more severe margin pressure; announced
accelerated cost savings plan in response; also exploring refinancing options.

-10.9% CHRW-US (C.H. Robinson Worldwide): To acquire RXO-US for $30.25 a share in cash and stock; represents a ~29% premium to
Friday's close; deal expected to close 1H-27.

-13.6% SPHR-US (Sphere Entertainment): Downgraded to hold from buy at Craig-Hallum Capital; said Wizard of Oz demand softening
faster than expected, putting 2H-26 and 1H-27 estimates at risk; seeking further visibility into National Harbor OpCo.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 4 of 12
EU Market Recap
Germany +0.1% | France -0.9% | UK +0.3%
Synopsis

European equity markets ended the day mostly higher, but off best levels, following last week's selloff in European markets. Health Care
and Chemicals were the leaders, while Industrials and Construction & Materials were the notable decliners. Gilts were up 5 bps to 5.42%
and Bunds up 3 bps at 3.49%. Stabilization in bond markets was somewhat supportive for equity markets. There was some attention on
political risk in the Eurozone weighing on the euro, with ongoing discussions about French presidential election and fiscal risks, and
Spanish PM Sánchez called an early election for 29-Nov after parliament rejected his housing package. On the macro data front, the final
Eurozone PMI for September was unchanged from flash; French and German readings were little changed, the Italian update missed and
the Spanish reading outperformed. The UK final PMI was revised up slightly from the flash reading. Eurozone PPI beat expectations, up
9.2% in September, the highest since Feb-2023. On the corporate front, GMAB-DK showed positive updated Phase II data for ovarian
cancer drug Rina-S, AI-FR's 2030 strategy targets a 400-600 bps operating margin improvement, above consensus, and AKZA-NL is to
sell its Southeast Asian decorative paints business to Nippon Paint for $1.35B. BT.A-GB acquired TalkTalk out of administration and
expects ~£400M cash impact from the deal in fiscal 2027. SU-FR fell on its agreed purchase of a US software firm, with analysts seeing
a clear strategic rationale but flagging AI-related concerns, integration complexity and capital allocation. ISP-IT raised its BMPS-IT offer
by €800M and secured backing from largest shareholder Delfin.
Macro

Euro and sovereign bond stress: The euro fell to its lowest against the dollar since May-2025 as volatility in euro area bond markets
stirred concerns about contagion in a re-run of the region's sovereign debt crisis 15 years ago (Bloomberg), with hedge fund activity
suspected of accelerating losses. France is the epicenter after its 10Y yield hit a 24-year high and its spread over the Bund equivalent
widened to the most since 2012. Selling extended to the periphery after the Italian-Bund 2Y spread surged by the most since 2020, and
Greek spreads also shot up. The state of public sector finances and resistance to fiscal reforms are common denominators. Discussion
has featured a possible policy response if the crisis intensifies, including the ECB tempering rate hike expectations, pausing QT or
implementing the Transmission Protection Instrument. Former ECB member Bini Smaghi argued QT should be paused (FT), while Goldman
Sachs said financial conditions have tightened ~40 bps since Jul, equivalent to a 25 bp hike, still expects a final rise in Dec, and sees a
high bar for TPI or OMT. ECB hawk Nagel said the bank's instruments have nothing to do with any specific yield spread and that upside
inflation risks dominate, though energy has not reached wages (Reuters), and Lane said higher long-term yields are already destroying
demand, which limits how far rates must rise. Eurozone inflation reaccelerated sharply in September to its highest in three years, driven
heavily by energy. The probability of an October rate hike has dropped ahead of the 29-Oct policy decision, and the ECB will publish
September minutes on Thursday.

France and Spain: France's budget fight is tightening financial conditions and weighing on European equities, but brokers do not see a
2011-style break. Natixis sees the draft 2027 budget exposed to ~0.5% slippage, forecasts a 5.5% deficit and expects the government to
enact the budget by executive ordinance, with a 3% deficit unlikely before 2032. Goldman Sachs cut France 2027 growth to 0.6% with
2026 at 0.4%, expects the budget debates and 2027 race to keep the risk premium high but not a systemic crisis or an earnings shock,
and prefers the international CAC 40 to domestic France stocks. Morgan Stanley suggested the selloff in French banks may be a buy, with
ACA-FR, BNP-FR and GLE-FR down substantially from August highs versus 8% for Euro Stoxx banks. The French central bank head said
the government can win back market confidence with passage of a budget to reduce spending and narrow the deficit (FT), and press
reported that National Rally leader Le Pen is working on an alternative budget for her five-year term. In Spain, PM Sánchez called a snap
election for 29-Nov after Congress rejected two housing decrees, with Junts voting the measures down alongside the opposition. Politico's
poll average has the People's Party six points ahead, JPMorgan reads polls as pointing to a PP-Vox absolute majority, and Eurasia Group
puts 70% probability on a centre-right majority (CNBC). Spanish markets largely shrugged off the news, bonds have not sold off like France
or Italy and the IBEX 35 is trading higher; Capital Economics said a change of government should not alter the economic path.

United Kingdom: UK final PMI for September was unchanged from flash at 52.0 versus August's 52.5, with services at 52.0 versus flash
51.7. New orders increased at the slowest pace since growth began in July, new business from abroad fell for the seventh consecutive
month, and inflationary pressure intensified, with the rate of inflation the highest since June. Bloomberg cited economists warning that
UK inflation could hit 5% if US President Trump stopped US exports of diesel after motorists saw prices hit £2 a liter for the first time.
Trump played down the likelihood of a ban after the G7 announced the release of 100M barrels of diesel and oil over the next four months,
and diesel prices are expected to fall in coming weeks. There are growing expectations that the BoE will implement at least one
precautionary rate hike in November, with economists split between one or two hikes compared with market pricing for four. The 30-year
gilt hit 6% for the first time since 1998 and the 10-year reached the 5.45% area on Thursday, with Bloomberg economics implying a
credibility premium of ~30 bps. Chancellor Healey is expected to delay difficult choices in the Budget rather than impose a tax increase
on the scale seen in recent years (FT), and is said to be open to narrower fiscal headroom after the Iran war cut at least half the £24B
buffer; a senior Labour insider said he risks a fresh market shock on 28-Oct if he is not clearer on taxation, headroom and spending.
Inews cited sources close to Downing Street saying PM Burnham has left the door open to a general election in May 2027, and he
suggested that rejoining the EU could be in the next Labour manifesto.

Energy and trade: Goldman Sachs said Middle East LNG is coming back online, but not quickly enough to remove winter upside risks, with
Dutch TTF gas seen ending 2026 at €70/MWh and a winter one standard deviation colder than average, with Gulf exports stuck at 25%
of normal, potentially sending gas to €150. Visible Hormuz LNG crossings recovered to 21% of pre-war levels in Sep versus 4% in Aug,
and Goldman sees Gulf supply reaching ~65% of normal by Jan-2027. Morgan Stanley lifted its winter forecast to ~€85, noting Europe is

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 5 of 12
entering the heating season with the lowest storage in 15 years, Bank of America sees a TTF winter strip of €90-100/MWh, and Citigroup
put a probability-weighted winter price near €61. France reportedly proposed a 50M-barrel diesel stock release alongside the broader IEA
and G7 response to release 100M barrels. On trade, the UK is preparing to follow the EU and impose import taxes on Chinese electric
cars, a key demand from Brussels, which is concerned that Britain has become a backdoor for Chinese exports, and Germany and France
proposed a 'second-strike' trade instrument to restrict EU single market access against economic coercion (FT).

Equity case and positioning: JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs both pin the resilience of European equities on earnings: Eurozone PMIs are
rising, surprises are near multi-year highs, and Goldman finds YTD earnings revisions explain ~70% of relative sector moves, with
consensus H2 earnings growth of 22%, or 15% excluding energy. The shared caveat is rates and French risk, with Goldman flagging a
strong negative correlation between the Stoxx 600 and Bund yields and OAT-BTP spreads, and expecting earnings growth to slow from
15% in 2026 to 5% in 2027. JPMorgan wants cyclicals and core over periphery and keeps Eurozone overweight, while Goldman stays
overweight banks, technology, renewables, defence and capital-intensive names but calls broad industrials expensive. Both treat foreign
buying, buybacks and cheap valuations versus the US as the offset.
Notable Movers

+5.3% GMAB-DK (Genmab): Updated Phase II data for ovarian cancer drug Rina-S showed 45.9% response rate and durable responses,
de-risking programme ahead of key Phase III readout in Q4; analysts raised probability of success to 60%.

+3.5% SAN-ES (Banco Santander): Resumed with neutral at JPMorgan citing a balanced risk-reward after a rapid re-rating to 9.5x 24-
month forward P/E; broker views consensus-aligned €20B 2028 profit target as stretched versus its €18.2B forecast, flagging weak Brazil
macro and limited US/UK loan and deposit growth.

+3.2% TAM-GB (Tatton Asset Management): Initiated with buy at Berenberg; broker said model-portfolio specialist, with ~£27B AUM/I,
expected to hit £30B target ahead of FY29, supported by operating leverage that should drive expanding margins, earnings and dividends.

+1.6% CON-DE (Continental): Upgraded to overweight at Morgan Stanley; broker views post-ContiTech group as compelling Tier-1 tire
pure-play; broker sees clear margin-recovery roadmap in Americas, strong cash returns (~€3B in FY27) and valuation discount to Michelin
that could narrow as FY28 margins approach 16.5%.

+1.6% BT.A-GB (BT Group): Acquired TalkTalk out of administration and expects ~£400M cash impact from the deal in fiscal 2027; re-
confirmed all FY27 and multi-year financial outlook metrics, excluding the effects of deal; expects regulatory review over coming weeks.

+1.5% RIO-GB (Rio Tinto): reports suggest GIC and Ares preparing bids for company's infrastructure assets, with Pilbara and Canadian
portfolios together worth ~A$7B; indicative bids due in mid-Oct; process fits Rio's plan to announce at least $5B of sales by year-end.

+1.1% ITH-GB (Ithaca Energy): To acquire Suncor Energy's offshore Canadian assets for $860M and potential oil price related contingent
consideration of up to $250M; expects deal to grow 2P Production to 35-40 kboe/d by 2029.

+1% AKZA-NL (Akzo Nobel): To sell Southeast Asian decorative paints business to Nippon Paint for $1.35B or ~21x 2025 EBITDA, raising
~€0.9B of net cash; analysts suggest price beats expectations, speeds deleveraging ahead of Axalta merger, and underlines the value of
the remaining paints assets.

+1% AI-FR (Air Liquide): Unveiled 2030 strategy targeting a 400-600 bps (360 bps consensus) operating margin improvement and 10%
net EPS CAGR; announced first large-scale €4B buyback, to be completed by end-2028, alongside continued dividend growth.

+0.6% BC-IT (Brunello Cucinelli): Upgraded to outperform at RBC citing defensive HNWI exposure and sector-leading 10% revenue CAGR
to FY30; at 30x CY27E P/E, broker said valuation offers an attractive entry for predictable growth, US wealth tailwinds and ~4-5% annual
space contribution.

+0.3% EVK-DE (Evonik Industries): Upgraded to hold at Berenberg; broker said while methionine commoditisation risks persist, Asian
feedstock disruptions from the Iran conflict have lifted prices, and BASF's takeover interest likely provides a share-price floor amid po-
tential EU protectionism.

-1.7% RMS-FR (Hermes): Downgraded to sell at UBS citing eroding scarcity and increasingly cyclical demand; broker cut FY26-28 EPS by
1-11%, forecasts 5% 2027 organic sales growth, and sees the premium valuation as demanding as leather-goods growth moderates and
non-quota bags gain share.

-2% AFX-DE (Carl Zeiss Meditec): Downgraded to sell at Goldman Sachs arguing it has rerated despite a weaker outlook and earnings
cuts; broker said buying linked to Carl Zeiss Group's €200M stake-building is fading, and the valuation gap should close.

-3.7% TYRES-FI (Nokian Renkaat): Downgraded to hold at DNB after a 64% YTD share-price rally; broker said while Q3 segment EBIT
expected broadly in line and structural EV/SUV story remains compelling, much upside appears priced in at ~50% premium to peers on
2028e EV/EBIT.

-4.5% MB-IT (Mediobanca): Intesa Sanpaolo raised BMPS offer by €800M and secured backing from largest shareholder Delfin; Intesa
said it will withdraw if BMPS approves Lovaglio's defence plan on 29-Oct, making a Mediobanca-MPS merger and potential delisting less
likely.

-5.5% SKA.B-SE (Skanska): Downgraded to hold at Jefferies as rising bond yields pressure commercial real estate valuations; broker
highlighted significant US property exposure, a shrinking project pipeline and higher yields, trimming earnings estimates by up to 9% and
applying a larger discount to the property division's book value ahead of Q3.

-9.9% SU-FR (Schneider Electric): Agreed to buy US software firm PTC for $22.6B in all-cash deal; analysts see clear strategic rationale
but flag AI-related concerns, integration complexity and capital allocation; analysts suggest same fears that enabled the deal could weigh
on the stock.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 6 of 12
Asian Markets
Japan +2.40% | Hong Kong +0.28% | China closed (holiday)
Synopsis

Asian equities gained Monday, with stocks higher almost everywhere. The best of the gains were in Japan and Taiwan; the Nikkei 225
broke through 70K for a short time and Taiwan's Taiex (+2.55%) closed in on 50K to reach a record high, while there were solid advances
for the Topix and the Hang Seng following a wobbly start. Rises were more modest in India, Singapore and Southeast Asia, and Australia
was flat. South Korea and mainland China remained on holiday. AUD and NZD were notably weaker, JGB yields were mixed, precious
metals gained ground and industrial metals found support. Volumes were subdued as holidays continued to impact the region, but senti-
ment was positive, especially in the tech-dominated northern benchmarks, with notable gains for TSMC (2330-TW) and MediaTek (2454-
TW) in Taiwan and Tokyo Electron (8035-JP) and Advantest (6857-JP) in Japan, although away from the AI chain, stocks were quiet. Asia
bond markets were also relatively quiet, with yields generally moving away from recent highs. India yields saw a contrarian move higher
ahead of the RBI's rate decision on Wednesday, with economists widely expecting a 25 bps hike in its base repo rate and a hawkish
stance. There were few newspoints elsewhere: Japan's consumer confidence index fell from August's six-month high, Singapore retail
sales growth sank to a near three-year low just as its September PMI dipped marginally but stayed expansive, and Australia's September
inflation gauge rose just 0.3% y/y. Softbank (9984-JP) CEO Son said he is getting worried about AI safety risks as machines quickly gain
abilities. After the close, Taiwan's Hon Hai (2317-TW) reported September revenue up more than 38% y/y and Nanya Tech (2408-TW)
reported September revenue up 576% y/y at NT45.1B, indicating ongoing demand for AI infrastructure.
Macro

RBI policy meeting preview, 7 October: Economists expect the RBI to hike its repo rate 25 bps to 5.5% on Wednesday and pivot to a
hawkish stance amid higher inflation and robust economic growth. Economists polled by Reuters said the RBI risks falling behind the
central bank curve, especially after the Fed hike last month, and now has little reason to wait. The RBI delivered a 'dovish hold' in August;
since then headline CPI rose to a 22-month high of 4.8% y/y on higher core, services and food prices, while Q2 GDP growth was a higher-
than-expected 7.8% and nominal GDP growth surged to 10.3% (EconomicTimes). The August MPC minutes read significantly more hawkish
than expected, with the MPC saying policy was needed to counter second-round inflation and more persistent price pressures. Economists
also expect the MPC to shift its stance to the more hawkish 'withdrawal of accommodation' from 'neutral' amid probable higher food
prices into 2027 caused by a poor monsoon and el niño weather-related risks. Further pressure comes from stronger-than-expected forex
inflow from the non-resident diaspora scheme in July and August, which pushed overnight rates below the current benchmark 5.25%
despite RBI efforts to soak up excess cash (Bloomberg).

Nikkei discussed takeaways from Japan Prime Minister Takaichi's policy speech Monday that sought to reassure financial markets over
fiscal policy. Change in tone comes as Takaichi faces growing market concern over fiscal policy and US pressure to avoid reflationary
messages that could further weaken the yen. But analysts said her remarks offered little evidence of a fundamental change in policy.
Analysis of semantics noted the speech contained five references to markets in comparison to the one or two mentions in prior speeches.
Yet, the content still lacked specifics on funding sources -- glaring questions surrounding the consumption tax cut, strategic growth
investments and defense spending -- as well as the administration's stance on BOJ rate hikes. Speech marks the opening of the
extraordinary Diet session where the consumption tax cut proposal stands as the main topic of debate. Highlighting the ongoing lack of
consensus, opposition parties scrutinized the lack of funding substance while at the same time pushing alternative proposals focused on
cash payouts and other tax relief (Nikkei).

Latest BOJ output gap calculations came in at +0.55% in Q2 following +0.36% in the previous quarter. Marks the eighth straight quarter
in positive territory and the highest since 4Q25. Direction generally matches the Cabinet Office measure based on GDP at +0.7%. Potential
growth was little changed at +0.81% in H1. Both capital and labor inputs have been consistently positive. However, mild readings still
stand in stark contrast to the BOJ Tankan-derived factor utilization gauge that points to the largest output cap since the bubble era. This
proxy had accurately tracked the actual output gap until around the 2008 recession triggered by the global financial crisis. Diminishing
capital contributions explain most of the structural gap, which BOJ board members have generally attributed to ramifications from labor
shortages. BOJ assessments of late have treated output gap as more of a technical data topic and less as a foundation for policy stance.
Latest Outlook Report looks for the output gap to remain positive around current levels while noting labor market tightness and upward
pressure on wages have strengthened beyond what the output gap indicates. Also cautioned that estimates should be interpreted with
considerable latitude and bias stems from model assumptions. Phillips Curve modeling still shows a trend line that points to 2% inflation
(ex fresh food & energy) consistent with an output gap of ~2%, though with numerous distribution plots of higher inflation with lower
output gap over the past decade.
Notable Movers

+5.4% 3563-JP (Food & Life Companies): Reports September same-store sales +6.3% y/y.

+5% 5334-JP (Niterra Co.): DENSO halts transferring oxygen sensor and air-fuel ratio sensor business to Niterra due to market
environment.

+4.1% 9983-JP (FAST RETAILING): Reports September Japan Uniqlo same-store plus online net sales +10.8% y/y.

+3.9% 4552-JP (JCR Pharmaceuticals): Enters into exclusive license agreement with Italfarmaco for JR-141.

+3.5% 4612-JP (Nippon Paint Holdings): To sell Decorative Paints South East Asia business to Nippon Paint for EV of $1.35B (€1.2B).

+2.4% 8046-TW (Nan Ya Printed Circuit Board): Reports September revenue NT$5.59B, +57.8% y/y.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 7 of 12

+2.3% 7453-JP (Ryohin Keikaku): Reports September domestic LFL directly managed and online store sales +11.6% y/y.

-1.1% 1876-HK (Budweiser Brewing Co. APAC): Expected tax charge and provision in receivables to impact net profit for Q3.

-4.5% 4507-JP (Shionogi & Co.): To buy IntraBio Inc. for $2.0B (¥315.69B) upfront.

-13.6% 5076-JP (INFRONEER Holdings): To issue 55M new shares and to conduct 7.2M-share secondary offering.

-13.8% 3918-HK (NagaCorp): Reports 9M operational highlights (gaming); gross gaming revenue (GGR) $417.9M, (21.5%) y/y..

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 8 of 12
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd (the “Bank”) for information purposes only. It is not the result of financial
research conducted by the Bank’s research department nor of any other detailed due diligence or consideration. Although it may contain quotes
of research analysts or quote research publications, this publication may not be considered investment research or an investment recommen-
dation under applicable rules as the respective conditions for such qualification are not met. Therefore the «Directives on the Independence of
Financial Research» of the Swiss Bankers Association do not apply to this publication. Any views, opinions and commentaries in this publication
(together the “Views”) are generally short/mid-term views of the author and may differ from those of the Bank’s research or other departments.
The Bank may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the Views expressed herein. It may also
provide advisory or other services to companies mentioned in this publication resulting in a conflict of interest that could affect the Bank’s
objectivity. While the Bank has taken steps to avoid or disclose, respectively, such conflicts, it cannot make any representation in such regard.
The Views contained in this publication are those of the author as per the date of writing and may be subject to change without notice. This
publication is based on publicly available information and data (the “Information”). While the Bank makes every effort to use reliable and
comprehensive Information, it cannot make any representation that it is actually accurate or complete. Possible errors or incompleteness of
the Information do not constitute legal grounds (contractual or tacit) for liability, either with regard to direct, indirect or consequential damages.
In particular, neither the Bank nor its shareholders and employees shall be liable for the Views contained in this publication.
This publication constitutes marketing material. If it refers to a financial instrument for which a prospectus and/or a key investor/information
publication exists, these are available free of charge from Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Elisabethenstrasse 62, P.O. Box, CH-4002 Basel, Switzer-
land.
Any prices laid down in this publication are for indicative and/or illustrative purposes only and may vary in accordance with market fluctuations
and other market circumstances. The Bank does not accept any losses whatsoever (whether direct, indirect or consequential) for the infor-
mation contained in this publication.
Certain investments, for example including but not limited to structured products, and/or other investments referred to herein, may involve the
use of leveraging, the use of derivative instruments, exposure to emerging markets or potentially volatile markets and can therefore be subject
to significantly higher risks and may not be suitable for all investors. The value of, the income from, the annualised returns of or the projected
returns of such investments may fluctuate and/or be affected by economic, financial and political factors, including interest and exchange
rates, market volatility and market conditions.
Dealing in the structured product and/or such other investments referred to herein can be subject to significant risks and may not be suitable
for all investors. In particular, an investment in a structured product is not a direct investment in the underlying or referenced assets and
investors have no rights in respect of such underlying or referenced assets. However, the performance of the underlying or referenced assets
will have a direct effect on the value of the product, or the derivative transactions in question. The Bank has not performed, nor will at any time
perform, any investigation or review of the underlying or referenced assets, nor does it make any guarantee or express or implied warranty in
respect of the performance of the underlying or referenced assets, nor the selection thereof.
Unless specifically agreed, the principal amount invested in a structured product and/or such other investments is not guaranteed and inves-
tors may end up receiving either (i) an amount less than the principal amount invested or (ii) securities with a value substantially below that of
the principal amount invested. No assurance (whether express or implied) is given to the effect that any of the issuer, the guarantor or any of
their affiliates will make a market in the products, nor that there will be a secondary market in such product. The value of the structured product
and/or such other investments also depends on the ability of the issuer and the guarantor, if applicable, to perform their obligations thereunder.
Before entering into any transaction to acquire the structured product and/or investment, you should independently assess with your profes-
sional advisers the specific risks relating to any legal, regulatory, credit, tax (including the legal and tax regimes in the countries of your citizen-
ship, residence, domicile and/or place of incorporation (as the case may be) and any applicable exchange control regulations) and accounting
consequences arising from entering into any transactions or purchasing any products. Unless the Bank has specifically solicited or advised you
to enter into such transaction, you should not rely on this publication or any representation by the Bank in making such assessment.
An investment product may be issued by a third party issuer and in such event, this publication is solely based on the issuer's product docu-
mentation which contains all the legally binding terms (including risk considerations) applicable to the product and which is available upon
request. The Bank assumes no liability regarding the content of such issuer's documentation or any other information provided by the issuer.
This publication is neither an offer to buy or sell nor the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instrument or to accept any service.
Further, it is not intended to, and does not, provide individually tailored investment advice. It has been prepared without taking into account
the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular and/or specific investor. Before entering into any transaction, investors should
consider the appropriateness of the transaction with regard to their individual circumstances and objectives. Nothing in this publication con-
stitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate for an

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 9 of 12
investor’s individual circumstances, or otherwise constitutes a recommendation, whether personal or otherwise for any specific investor. The
Bank recommends that investors independently evaluate, with a professional advisor, the specific legal, regulatory, credit, tax and accounting
consequences of any transaction. Direct investments in U.S. securities may expose the investor to U.S. taxation (e.g. U.S. estate tax) and may
lead to U.S. taxation of the investor even in cases where the investor is not domiciled in the US and/or does not have U.S. person status It is
possible that the Bank performs services to buy, sell, subscribe or redeem financial instrument, which are mentioned in this report, on behalf
of third parties or is mandated for any kind of other services in relation to these financial instrument.
Acceptance of services and investments in products mentioned in this publication should only be made after a thorough reading of the available
product/services documentation, e.g. the Key Investor Information Document «KIID» for certain investment funds. Such documents can be
obtained free of charge upon request.
Past performance or simulated performance is no indication of current or future performance. The return of a financial instrument may go down
as well as up due to exchange rate fluctuations between currencies. The Bank does not assume any liability, neither explicit nor implicit for the
future performance of a financial instrument.
The Bank or its affiliates may also be involved in any other transactions with the issuer of the investment product or may have an interest in
any underlying or referenced assets of the investment product. Furthermore, the Bank may receive certain commissions or fees from its affili-
ates or certain minor non-monetary benefits from third party issuers, provided, in each case, that they meet certain criteria, such as being
capable of enhancing the quality of services provided by the Bank, for placement or distribution of the financial products either as an initial
charge and/or as ongoing fees during the holding period of the financial products. Such commissions or fees are considerations for services
rendered by the Bank to the issuers and managers of the financial products, including but not limited to the use of the Bank's distribution
channel. Clients and investors acknowledge that the Bank may receive and keep such commissions and fees which will not be passed on to
the clients or investor. Although measures are taken to avoid or limit conflicts of interest, the Bank cannot guarantee that such conflicts of
interest will not occur.
This publication may only be distributed in countries where its distribution is legally permitted. This information is not directed to any person in
any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) such offering is prohibited. Consequently, services and/or
products mentioned in this publication may not be available in all countries. Interested parties should contact the local J. Safra Sarasin Group-
representative to be informed about the services and products available in their country of residence.
This publication is distributed by the following affiliates of the Bank:
The Bahamas: This publication is circulated to private clients of Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Bahamas) Ltd, and is not intended for circulation to
nationals or citizens of The Bahamas or a person deemed ‘resident’ in The Bahamas for the purposes of exchange control by the Central Bank
of The Bahamas.
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This material is intended to be distributed by J. Safra Sarasin (Middle East) Ltd (“JSSME”) in DIFC
to professional clients as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). JSSME is duly authorised and regulated by DFSA. If you do
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. This material may also include Funds which
are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). The DFSA has no responsibility for
reviewing or verifying any Issuing Document or other documents in connection with these Funds. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved the
Issuing Document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in the Issuing Document, and has
no responsibility for it. The Units to which the Issuing Document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units.
Hong Kong
Important Notice
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any
regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice.
When you acquire a structured product and/or investment and/or otherwise enter into a transaction, unless the Bank has specifically solicited
or advised you to enter into such transaction, you acquire such structured product and/or investment in reliance on your own judgment, taking
into account your overall financial situation, composition of your investment portfolio and your other assets, your investment objectives, attitude
to risk, performance aspiration, tolerance to possible capital loss, liquidity requirements and any matters which you consider to be appropriate.
Derivatives Warning
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) which involves derivatives. Do not invest in such struc-
tured product(s) unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with it/them. If you are in any doubt about the risks
involved in the product(s), you may clarify with the intermediary or seek independent professional advice.

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 10 of 12
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) but distributed by each of its branches in
Singapore and Hong Kong in the conduct of their respective businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong. Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong
Branch is a licensed bank under the Hong Kong Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and a registered institution under the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
Complex Product Warning
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve complex products. Investors should exercise caution and review the product offering
documents to understand the product risks and features before making any investment decisions.
Hong Kong Selling Restriction
This publication and any investments detailed herein are available for Professional Investors only.
This document and its contents are not intended and shall not in any way be construed as an offer or solicitation to the public in Hong Kong for
the purchase or sale of any securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme.
If the Bank solicits the sale of or recommends any financial product to you, the financial product must be reasonably suitable for you having
regard to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. No other provision of this disclaimer or any other document
the Bank may ask you to sign and no statement the Bank may ask you to make derogates from this clause.
This document has not and will not be registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong or authorized by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Com-
mission under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance nor has its content been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong.
Accordingly, unless permitted by the securities laws of Hong Kong, (i) in the case of the product being a share or debenture of a company, no
person may issue or cause to be issued this document in Hong Kong, other than to persons who are “professional investors” as defined in the
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder or in circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus”
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) or which do not consti-
tute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (ii) in other cases, no person may issue or have in its possession for the
purposes of issue, this document, or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any securities, regulated investment agreement or
collective investment scheme, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or
read by, the public in Hong Kong, other than with respect to securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme which
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures
Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. If an investor is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the investor should obtain
independent professional advice.
Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong Branch is an authorized institution under the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
and is a registered institution under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (CE Number AHX499) for the
purposes of carrying on Types 1 (dealing in securities) and 4 (advising on securities) regulated activities as defined under the Securities and
Futures Ordinance.
Monaco: In Monaco this document is distributed by Banque J. Safra Sarasin (Monaco) SA, a bank registered in “Principauté de Monaco” and
regulated by the French Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and Monegasque Government and Commission de Contrôle
des Activités Financières («CCAF»).
Panama: This publication is distributed, based solely on public information openly available to the general public, by J. Safra Sarasin Asset
Management S.A., Panama, regulated by the Securities Commission of Panama.
Qatar Financial Centre (QFC): This material is intended to be distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC, Qatar [“BJSSQ”] from QFC to
Business Customers as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) Rules. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC is authorised
by QFCRA. This material may also include collective investment scheme/s (Fund/s) that are not registered in the QFC or regulated by the
Regulatory Authority. Any issuing document / prospectus for the Fund, and any related documents, have not been reviewed or approved by the
Regulatory Authority. Investors in the Fund may not have the same access to information about the Fund that they would have to information
of a fund registered in the QFC; and recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued
in a jurisdiction outside the QFC.
Singapore:
Important Notice
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any
regulatory authority in Singapore. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice.
Derivatives Warning
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) containing derivatives, in which event the investment
decision is yours but you should not invest in the investment detailed herein unless (i) the intermediary who sells them to you/your professional

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 11 of 12
advisor has explained to, and/or advised, you that they are suitable for you having regard to your financial situation, investment experience
and investment objectives; and/or (ii) you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with them.
Singapore Selling Restriction
This publication and related documents may not be distributed or circulated to, and the investment(s) mentioned herein may not be offered or
sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public in Singapore other than (i)
to an institutional investor specified in Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where the products are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: (A) a corporation (which is not an
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (B) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor)
whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, shares, debentures
and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the products pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 except:
(1) to an institutional investor (for corporations under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA,
or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation
or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for
each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or (3) where
the transfer is by operation of law.
Where the document refers to a fund (the “Fund”), such Fund does not relate to a collective investment scheme which is authorised under
section 286 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”) or recognised under section 287 of the SFA. The Fund is
not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and shares in the Fund are not allowed to be offered to the
retail public. Each of this document and any other document or material issued in connection with any potential offer or sale is not a prospectus
as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should
consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you.
This document has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of shares in the Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may
shares in the Fund be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to
persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1),
or any person pursuant to Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where shares in the Fund are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 by a relevant person which is:
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an
individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the
shares in the Fund pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 except:
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer referred to in
Section 275(1A) of the SFA;
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law.
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank but distributed by its Singapore branch in the conduct of its business in Singapore.  Bank
J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Singapore Branch (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) is an exempt financial adviser under the Singapore
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110), a wholesale bank licensed under the Singapore Banking Act (Cap. 19) and regulated by the Monetary Authority
of Singapore.
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
United Kingdom: This document is distributed from the UK by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch, 47 Berkeley Square, London,
W1J 5AU, to its clients, prospects and other contacts. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd offers wealth and investment management products
and services to its clients and prospects through Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Ltd, London Branch. Registered as a foreign company in the

Market Update US, Europe & Asia
FSA Competence Center Equities | 6 October 2026 | Page 12 of 12
UK number FC027699. Authorised by the Gibraltar Financial Services Commission and subject to limited regulation in the United Kingdom by
the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority. Registration number 466838. Details about the extent of our regula-
tion by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. Registered office 57 - 63 Line Wall
Road, Gibraltar. Telephone calls may be recorded. Your personal data will be handled in accordance with our Data and Privacy Statement.
Where this publication is provided to you by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Gibraltar) Limited, London Branch: Nothing in this document is intended to
exclude or restrict any liability that we owe to you under the regulatory system that applies to us, and in the event of conflict, any contrary
indication is overridden. You are reminded to read all relevant documentation relating to any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek
any specialist financial or tax advice that you need. You are not permitted to pass this document on to others, apart from your professional
advisers. If you have received it in error please return or destroy it.
In Switzerland this publication is distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, authorized and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory
Authority FINMA («FINMA»). All investment funds mentioned in this publication are approved for distribution in Switzerland. Structured products
are not collective investment schemes as per the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not subject to the authorization
or supervision by FINMA.
The entire contents of this publication are protected by copyright law (all rights reserved). The use, modification or duplication in whole or part
of this document is prohibited. Copyright notices and branding must neither be altered nor removed. Any not-permitted usage requires the prior
written approval of the Bank. The same applies to the circulation of this publication. Third party data providers make no warranties or repre-
sentations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of the data provided and shall have no liability for any damages of
any kind relating to such data.
© Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd
