 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Coffee Break
Coffee Break is our daily publication, offering topical  
insights as an intellectual ingot to start the day. 
Data centres could face fallout from US midterm 
campaign messaging 
6 October 2026 
Voter opinions of data centres in the US have turned sharply negative. Now 
that they have become a potent political issue, their operators could face 
blowback from campaign promises. 
NEGATIVE VIEW OF DATA CENTRES COINCIDES WITH COST-OF-LIVING ANGST 
PERCENTAGE OF US ADULTS WHO SAY DATA CENTRES ARE “MOSTLY BAD” FOR THE FOLLOWING THINGS 
 
Source: Pew Research Center, The Investment Institute by UniCredit 
THE CONTEXT 
 
With the US midterms a month away, voters’ opinions about the state of the country are hardening around core 
issues. While the state of the economy is always a central issue for US voters, concerns about affordability are running 
especially high in this election cycle. For example, in a Reuters/Ipsos poll from 31 August, a plurality (47%) of 
registered voters said that cost of living was the single most important factor that would influence their vote. The 
poll also showed that 71% disapproved of US President Donald Trump’s handling of the issue. Data centres are 
becoming intertwined with Americans’ cost-of-living concerns though their perceived link to rising energy costs. 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
Environment
Home Energy Costs
Quality of Life
Local Jobs
Local Tax Revenue
January
August

 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
6 October 2026
2
Data centres are therefore increasingly becoming a potent political issue that is shaping public opinion. Opposition 
to data centres is also a rare issue on which there is bipartisan agreement in the US, as Democrats and Republicans 
express similar levels of concern about their impact on communities. This opposition is increasingly featuring in 
midterm campaigning, creating additional problems for incumbent candidates who presided over their expansion. 
THE DATA 
One of the key objections to data centre construction is their growing demand for power from 
local power grids, which has prompted accusations that they are to blame for rising utility bills. 
Data centres are also accused of worsening local environments and quality of life through 
significant air pollution, water usage for cooling and noise emissions. Even the assertion that 
data centres benefit communities by creating jobs and generating tax revenue is increasingly 
seen negatively by voters. This is a stark turnaround from January this year when many 
Americans weren’t even aware of data centres. In the poll cited above, most of the new negative 
sentiment that showed up in August (9-15pp depending on the question) coincided with a 
decline in the share of respondents who said they had “not heard” of data centres in January, 
from 25% in January to 12% in August. Other responses in the poll, such as that data centres 
were “mostly good” or “neither good nor bad” showed little change in the period covered. This 
indicates both growing awareness of data centres and a rapid deterioration in the public’s 
perception of their impact on local communities.  
Concern about the negative impact of data centres on local communities also appears to be a 
rare issue with bipartisan agreement. While Democrats held more negative views in the Pew 
Research poll cited above, views among Republicans also turned more negative, with 42% 
saying in August that the impact of data centres was “mostly bad”, up from 24% in January. 
OUR VIEW 
Politicians have been quick to react to this shift in public perception towards data centres by 
making it an election issue for this year’s midterms. A recent NPR analysis of AdImpact data 
shows that mentions of data centres in political advertisements rose from 62 in June, to 110 
in July and 164 in August. Since the negative sentiment towards data centres is tied to cost-of-
living concerns, it is a greater burden for incumbents and therefore more problematic for the 
Republican majorities in the House and Senate than for Democratic challengers. Some 
politicians have tried awkward reversals to appease voters on the issue. For example, Texas 
Governor Greg Abbot changed from praising his state as the “epicentre of AI development” to 
calling for stricter regulation and ordering a temporary moratorium on new permits for data 
centre construction. Trump’s messaging has been out of sync with the growing negative 
sentiment surrounding the issue as he said at a cryptocurrency event that data centres “could 
use a little public relations help” and has lauded the tax revenues and jobs that they bring to 
local communities. As Trump seeks to insert himself increasingly into the political discourse 
surrounding the midterms, this is likely to be an unwelcome and discordant message for 
Republican candidates.  
If negative political messaging on data centres propels some candidates to victory in 
November, there could be an economic price to pay for data centre operators. As the Texas 
example shows, this could entail more intrusive permitting processes and more grass roots 
opposition to new data centre construction. Even some more supportive politicians, such as 
Illinois Governor JB Pritzker, have proposed eliminating some tax exemptions that have 
previously been offered. Therefore, regardless of which party wins majorities in the midterms, 
data centre operators are likely to face a less accommodating public and may also incur higher 
costs in the future as politicians rush to take advantage of the increasingly negative publicity. 

 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
6 October 2026
3
OTHER THINGS TO NOTE 
German new orders: sharp decline, but core demand holding up 
German new orders plunged by more than 10% mom in August, but the headline figure 
looks worse than the underlying picture. The entire drop was driven by a slump in bulk orders 
in the transport sector – typically aircraft, ships, trains and military vehicles. Excluding these 
big-ticket items, new orders were broadly flat. The less volatile trend was still firmer, as new 
orders rose by more than 1% on a 3-month-3month basis. In short, the August data do not 
signal a renewed weaking in industrial demand. We therefore continue to expect a moderate 
recovery in German industry, with the fiscal bazooka gradually feeding through. (A. Rees) 
 
Author 
 Jonathan Schroer, CFA, Energy and ESG Strategist (UniCredit, Munich), jonathan.schroer@unicredit.de    
Editors 
 Edoardo Campanella, Director and Editor-in-Chief of The Investment Institute (UniCredit, Milan)  
 edoardo.campanella@unicredit.eu 
 Francesco Maria Di Bella, FI Strategist (UniCredit, Milan), francescomaria.dibella@unicredit.eu  
UniCredit S.p.A 
 The Investment Institute by UniCredit, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 4, I-20154 Milan 
 www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
6 October 2026
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Legal Notices 
Glossary 
Terms used in the report are available on our website: Our glossary 
Marketing Communication 
This publication/video constitutes a marketing communication of UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit Bank Austria AG, Schoellerbank AG and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “UniCredit Group”) is addressed to the general public and is provided free of 
charge for information only. It does not constitute investment recommendation or consultancy activity by the UniCredit Group or, even 
less, an offer to the public of any kind nor an invitation to buy or sell securities. The information contained herein does not constitute an 
investment research or financial analysis since, in addition to the lack of content, it has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
UniCredit Group, including all its group companies may have a specific interest in relation to the issuers, financial instruments or 
transactions detailed herein. Relevant disclosures of interests and positions held by UniCredit Group are available at: Conflicts of interest 
Any estimates and/or assessments contained in this publication represent the independent opinion of the UniCredit Group and, like all 
the information contained therein, are given in good faith on the basis of the data available at the date of publication, taken from reliable 
sources, but having a purely indicative value and subject to change at any time after publication, on the completeness, correctness and 
truthfulness of which the UniCredit Group makes no guarantees and assumes no responsibility. Interested parties must therefore carry 
out their own investment assessments in a completely autonomous and independent manner, relying exclusively on their own 
considerations of the market conditions and the information available overall, also in line with their risk profile and economic situation. 
Investment involves risk. Before any transaction in financial instruments please refer to the relevant offering documents. It should also 
be noted that:  
1. Information relating to the past performance of a financial instrument, index or investment service is not indicative of future results. 
2. If the investment is denominated in a currency other than the investor’s currency, the value of the investment can fluctuate strongly 
according to changes in exchange rates and have an undesirable effect on the profitability of the investment. 
3. Investments that offer high returns can undergo significant price fluctuations following any downgrading of creditworthiness. In the 
event of bankruptcy of the issuer, the investor may lose the entire capital. 
4. High volatility investments can be subject to sudden and significant decreases in value, being able to generate significant losses at 
the time of sale up to the entire capital invested. 
5. In the presence of extraordinary events, it may be difficult for the investor to sell or liquidate certain investments or obtain reliable 
information on their value. 
6. If the information refers to a specific tax treatment, it should be noted that the tax treatment depends on the individual situation of 
the customer and may be subject to change in the future. 
7. If the information refers to future results, it should be noted that they do not constitute a reliable indicator of these results. 
8. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss.  
The UniCredit Group cannot in any way be held responsible for facts and/or damages that may arise to anyone from the use of this 
document, including, but not limited to, damages due to losses, lost earnings or unrealised savings. The contents of the publication – 
including data, news, information, images, graphics, drawings, brands, and domain names – are owned by the UniCredit Group unless 
otherwise indicated, covered by copyright and by the industrial property law. No license or right of use is granted and therefore it is not 
allowed to reproduce its contents, in whole or in part, on any medium, copy them, publish them and use them for commercial purposes 
without prior written authorisation from UniCredit Group unless if purposes of personal use only. E 25/1 
