6 October 2026, 05:58 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Building resilience to navigate market risks
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Jason Draho, Head of Asset Allocation, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Maelle Quillevere, Economist, UBS AG London Branch
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Alison Parums, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
From the studio
Podcast: Signal over Noise | The 1999 analogue through the fixed 
income lens, on Apple, Spotify
Video: Why higher rates & greater dispersion can benefit hedge funds
(5 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | The investment case for consumer agents
(5 mins)
Thought of the day
Global markets started the week on a cautiously optimistic note as oil prices 
declined and softer US jobs data reduced pressure on the Federal Reserve to 
imminently raise interest rates further. The S&P 500 gained 0.7% on Monday, 
while the Nasdaq rose over 1% to an all-time high.
Brent crude has fallen to around USD 100.5/bbl at the time of writing. New 
data showed that crude exports from the Middle East rose above pre-war 
levels on four of the final seven days of September, while G7 countries agreed 
on Friday to release 100 million barrels of diesel and crude from emergency 
reserves and refrain from energy export restrictions. Meanwhile, investors 
scaled back their expectations for immediate Fed hikes after US payrolls in 
September came in well below estimates, and recent comments from Fed 
officials pointed to a more patient approach.
These developments support our constructive outlook for risk assets, and we 
believe equities have room to move higher over the next six to 12 months 
amid resilient economic growth and robust earnings.
But the path is unlikely to be smooth. With equity markets near record highs, 
managing concentration risk and strengthening portfolio resilience remain 
important as investors navigate geopolitical risks and elevated bond yields.
Energy markets remain vulnerable to renewed disruption. Normalizing 
oil flows from the Middle East are encouraging, but the risks of sudden 
disruptions and further damage to energy infrastructure in the region have 
not gone away. The Houthis said they launched ballistic missiles and drones 
at Saudi Aramco sites in Riyadh, while attacks on tankers in and around the 
Strait of Hormuz continued. Shipping intelligence firm Marisks in a weekend 
report said vessels transiting through the waterway face a “heightened and 
increasingly unpredictable kinetic threat.” We continue to believe that traffic 
  
What to watch: 6 October
• Eurozone August retail sales
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS),
UBS AG London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 6

Daily EMEA
through the Strait should resume gradually, but periodic setbacks could lead 
to spikes in oil prices and market volatility.
Treasury yields are likely to remain volatile. While Fed rate hike 
expectations declined on the back of the soft jobs report and encouraging 
PCE data, the 10-year US Treasury yield finished Monday at a 24-year high. 
Technical factors may partly explain the disconnect between yields and 
economic fundamentals and policy guidance, as investors remain concerned 
that yields have yet to peak and are reluctant buyers. We expect yields to 
ultimately stabilize, but such investor caution may persist until there is more 
confidence that inflation will decline at a steady pace. This means elevated 
yields may continue to pressure stock valuations.
Record highs may make retreating to the sidelines feel safe. In addition 
to valuation headwinds from higher yields, equities close to all-time highs 
may deter some investors. The S&P 500 is slightly below its record high, 
and it currently trades at a valuation premium over its 25-year average. We 
have highlighted that all-time highs are not a rare occurrence historically, 
and valuations have a poor record as short-term timing tools. Our analysis 
shows that earnings and a supportive growth backdrop matter more, and the 
current environment remains favorable for profit growth. We acknowledge 
that record highs can make investors nervous, and cash may appear safe over 
short horizons.
So, we think holding a resilient portfolio can help investors manage near-
term volatility while staying invested for long-term gains. In addition to an 
equity holding that is broadly diversified across sectors and regions, we think 
exposure to broad commodities can provide both a structural source of return 
and portfolio defensiveness. Investors can also consider capital preservation 
strategies to manage the risk of a drawdown while retaining allocations 
to quality bonds for attractive portfolio income. Those willing and able to 
manage the risks associated with alternatives can also use hedge funds to 
broaden return drivers.
Caught our attention
Spain calls snap election. Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez has called 
an early general election for 29 November after his minority government 
suffered a parliamentary defeat on housing legislation. Current polls suggest 
that no party is likely to secure an outright majority, making another coalition 
government the most likely outcome. Although the result remains difficult 
to predict, polls suggest the center-right People’s Party and Vox currently 
appear best placed to command a parliamentary majority. A potential change 
of government would come as Spain continues to outperform most other 
Eurozone economies, supported partly by immigration-led growth in the 
labor force and domestic demand.
Our view: We do not expect the election to materially alter Spain’s 
macroeconomic outlook. The main potential coalitions are highly likely to 
continue operating within EU fiscal rules, even if the election timetable 
complicates preparation of the 2027 budget. A People’s Party-Vox 
government would probably pursue modest fiscal expansion through lower 
taxes and higher defense and infrastructure spending. Restrictions on 
immigration could weigh on growth, while a looser fiscal stance may widen 
sovereign spreads. But favorable public-finance dynamics provide potential 
room to raise spending without reversing the downward trend in the debt-
to-GDP ratio, which could limit risks to Spain’s fiscal health beyond the 
near term. Fiscal expansion could also offset some of the growth drag as 
NextGenerationEU support fades in 2027 and generate positive spillovers 
Page 2 of 6

Daily EMEA
for the wider Eurozone. We remain Attractive on fixed income and see the 
recent rise in European yields as creating selective opportunities in high-
quality bonds. We continue to prefer short- to medium-term maturities and 
stronger investment grade issuers, while remaining cautious on the longest 
maturities and keeping higher-risk credit relatively short-dated.
Euro weakens on French fiscal worries. The euro slid to a 17-month 
low against the US dollar, with EURUSD hitting as low as 1.116 on Monday 
amid growing worries over France’s fiscal sustainability. While the French 
government announced a draft budget last week that includes EUR 43bn of 
new consolidation measures in a bid to lower the deficit and contain the debt 
load, a deeply divided parliament makes the passage of the budget highly 
uncertain. With the spread between 10-year French and German government 
bond yields standing at the widest level since the 2010-12 Eurozone debt 
crisis, France’s fiscal leverage and persistent structural deficits are translating 
into a steadily rising interest burden amid higher interest rates. Together with 
political uncertainty in Germany and Spain, the euro has fallen nearly 4% 
against the greenback over the past seven weeks.
Our view: While euro is likely to stay under pressure in the near term, 
we expect the EURUSD to grind higher in the coming months. France 
retains important strength, including its size, wealth, and diversification of its 
economy, as well as the considerable capacity of its large domestic financial 
sector to finance government debt should foreign investor demand weaken. 
The European Central Bank would also have strong incentives to contain a 
disorderly market reaction if widening spreads threatened monetary policy 
transmission or broader euro-area financial stability, which is currently not the 
case. Separately, we believe further USD strength has limits as incoming data 
should allow markets to scale back expectations for additional Fed tightening.
El Niño increases upside risk to agriculture prices. Global food prices 
extended gains in September, reaching the highest since November 2022 
amid geopolitical and weather disruptions, according to the UN’s index of 
food commodity prices compiled by the Food and Agriculture Organization. 
A strengthening El Niño is altering rainfall patterns across major agricultural 
regions, with dry conditions already delaying planting in India, Southeast Asia, 
and Australia. Reduced soil moisture could lower yields of Asian rice and palm 
oil, Australian wheat and canola, and tropical crops including Vietnamese 
coffee and West African cocoa. Heavy rainfalls in Brazil, meanwhile, is slowing 
the sugarcane harvest and reducing sugar content, constraining production 
and driving a sharp rise in raw sugar prices.
Our view: With global supply chains already facing geopolitical uncertainty, 
higher energy costs, and tight inventories, weather-related disruptions could 
have a more pronounced impact on agricultural commodities than in previous 
cycles. For investors, El Niño should be viewed not only as a climate event but 
also as a potential catalyst for volatility across agricultural commodities, food 
markets, and related consumer sectors. Those looking for broad commodity 
exposure can consider actively managed commodity strategies that adapt 
as leadership shift across agriculture, industrial metals, energy, and precious 
metals. For food and beverage producing companies, the key question is 
whether procurement and pricing strategies can offset higher input costs.
Page 3 of 6

Daily EMEA
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 6

Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
Page 5 of 6

Daily EMEA
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
