Equity 
Market
Outlook
Q4 2026
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

Contents
2
Investing in materials: 
A ‘resource’ for growth 
and income
08
Finding equity income, 
keeping growth
04
Emerging markets 
beyond AI
10
Hefty capex, healthy 
earnings, underappreciated 
equity opportunities
06
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

Foreword
Global equities have shown resilience this year 
even as critical market narratives continue to 
evolve. The key question as we enter the fourth 
quarter may be less about whether equities can 
rise and more about where to look for the next 
leg of returns.
Artificial intelligence (AI) remains a dominant 
driver of earnings ― which have been strong 
around the world (pages 6, 10) ― but we see 
leadership broadening. Robust infrastructure 
spending continues to support semiconductors 
and other hardware beneficiaries, as early signs 
of return on investment emerge (page 6). Yet the 
technology sector has exhibited some dramatic 
rotations this year, with software and semis at 
opposite ends of the action and concealing a 
great deal of dispersion beneath a healthy return 
at the sector level. We believe this dispersion 
could remain an important source of opportunity 
as markets increasingly differentiate between AI 
winners and laggards.
As the story evolves within the AI theme, new 
chapters are developing alongside and beyond 
it. Materials are natural beneficiaries of the 
AI buildout, providing the resources needed for 
infrastructure development. This AI-influenced 
growth tailwind is accompanied by an attractive 
income element as companies in the sector have 
demonstrated a willingness to return excess 
cash to shareholders through dividends (page 8). 
This is a notable trait as a lower dividend profile 
among broad equities increasingly requires an 
active hand to source income while maintaining 
exposure to growth (page 4).
Some other notable, if underappreciated, 
plotlines in the current environment: Financials, 
a relatively inexpensive sector with attractive 
prospects in the U.S., Europe and beyond (pages 
7, 11), and Japan, the developed market return 
leader year-to-date and the primary home to 
some unique and critical materials and 
chemicals used in the global AI build.
As we enter the final quarter of the year, strong 
earnings and an expanding opportunity set 
provide a constructive setup, but high 
expectations reinforce the importance of 
discipline, diversification and active stock 
selection. Against this backdrop, senior members 
of our alpha-seeking equity platform share their 
perspectives in our Q4 Equity Market Outlook.
Carrie King
Global CIO, BlackRock 
Fundamental Equities
Raffaele Savi
Global Head of 
BlackRock Systematic; 
Co-Head and Co-CIO of 
Systematic Active Equities
3
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results.  Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. 
This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment advice or a recommendation. Forecasts/estimates may not come to pass.
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

“
Finding equity income, keeping growth
An active approach can help 
investors identify where 
income potential may 
coincide with attractive 
prospects for capital 
appreciation.
4
Nearly four years into the generative AI boom, its 
reach and influence across the economy continue 
to expand. The opportunity is evolving beyond the 
earliest technology beneficiaries, spanning a 
broader value chain and a growing set of adopters 
across industries. Yet even as the economic 
opportunity broadens, market leadership remains 
concentrated, with the 10 largest companies in the 
S&P 500 Index accounting for 37% of total market 
capitalization, nearly double their share in 2010.1 
Many of these market leaders are at the forefront of 
an investment cycle characterized by substantial 
investment today and high expectations for future 
growth. Broad equity exposure reflects this 
growth-oriented backdrop, as shown in the chart 
below: The S&P 500's valuation sits toward the 
upper end of its range over the past two decades, 
while its dividend yield has fallen to around 1%, 
near the lows of the same period. 
For investors with an income objective, this new 
backdrop presents a challenge. Leaning too 
heavily on higher-yielding assets or segments 
of the market can reduce exposure to growth 
opportunities, while broad equity exposure 
contributes less to portfolio income than it 
has historically. 
Jeff Shen, PhD
Co-Head and 
Co-CIO of 
Systematic 
Active Equities
Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, 
investment advice or a recommendation. 1 BlackRock Systematic, FactSet, as of Aug. 19, 2026. The top 10 constituents in the S&P 500 comprised roughly 19% of total market cap in 2010.
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
Elevated valuations, less income from broad equities
Trailing 12-month P/E ratio and dividend yield of the S&P 500 Index, 2006-2026
Past performance is not indicative of current or future results. Indexes are unmanaged and shown for illustrative purposes only. 
It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Sources: FactSet, BlackRock Systematic, as of Aug. 26, 2026.
Robert Fisher
Equity Income 
Lead, Systematic
Active Equities
1%
2%
3%
4%
8.0x
13.0x
18.0x
23.0x
28.0x
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
Dividend yield
P/E
P/E
Dividend yield
 

Finding equity income, keeping growth
Rethinking equity income
The changing dividend profile of broad equities places greater importance on 
how investors source equity income while maintaining exposure to growth. 
Active stock selection offers one way to address this. While dividend income 
is often associated with persistent tilts toward certain sectors or styles, we 
find the opportunity set is broader and more dynamic, with both the 
magnitude and sector composition of distributions varying throughout the 
year. Dividend forecasts can then be considered alongside signals assessing 
company fundamentals, market sentiment and broader macroeconomic and 
industry trends to identify where income potential may coincide with 
attractive prospects for capital appreciation. 
The options market has also become an increasingly important part of the 
equity income toolkit, with assets in option-based income strategies rising 
from approximately US$1.8 billion at the end of 2019 to nearly US$199 
billion today.2 Covered-call strategies seek to generate income by collecting 
premiums from call options sold against equity exposure. Greater 
macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty has contributed to periodic 
market shocks and more frequent bouts of volatility in recent years, at times 
enhancing income potential through higher option premiums. 
Yet the same period has also delivered powerful equity market gains. 
Covered-call strategies exchange a portion of potential upside for option 
premiums, which can limit participation when markets rally. Over sustained 
periods of market strength, that tradeoff can create a meaningful gap in total 
returns. The chart at right shows this tradeoff using the Cboe S&P 500 
BuyWrite Index (BXM), which combines S&P 500 exposure with the monthly 
sale of S&P 500 Index call options. While delivering income through covered 
calls, BXM has also trailed the S&P 500 in total return as equity markets 
have advanced. This divergence illustrates how the choice investors have 
historically faced between income and upside participation can influence 
not only how returns are received, but the total return ultimately realized.
Generating income through options does not always have to come at the 
expense of upside potential. Treating option income and overall market 
exposure as distinct but coordinated decisions can provide greater flexibility 
to capture more upside even as option writing caps a portion of it. Hedging 
strategies can help manage that balance, with equity futures being one way 
to actively adjust exposure as option positions change, helping restore some 
of the market participation reduced by call writing.
For income-seeking investors, an active approach can combine multiple 
levers to balance income and growth. Dividend opportunities can be 
evaluated alongside prospects for capital appreciation, just as option income 
can be considered alongside the market exposure investors want to retain. 
We believe the opportunity lies not only in where income can be generated, 
but in the growth potential that can be preserved in the process.
5
Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, 
investment advice or a recommendation. 2 BlackRock, Broadridge Global Fund Intelligence (GBI), as of May 31, 2026. 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
When income costs upside participation
S&P 500 Index and Cboe S&P 500 BuyWrite Index performance, 2023-2026
Past performance is not indicative of current or future results. Chart shows cumulative total return. 
Indexes are unmanaged and shown for illustrative purposes only. It is not possible to invest directly in an 
index. Source: BlackRock Systematic, as of July 31, 2026.
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
Aug 23
Mar 24
Oct 24
May 25
Dec 25
Jul 26
Cumulative total return
S&P 500 Total Return Index
Cboe S&P 500 BuyWrite Index
 

“
Hefty capex, healthy earnings and underappreciated 
equity opportunities
We are risk-on and risk-
aware and believe a 
disciplined approach to 
stock selection can help 
investors weather volatility.
6
As Q4 begins, the S&P 500 Index is on track for a 
fourth year of double-digit positive returns, an 
achievement seen only three times in the last 
100 years.3  Fourth quarters are typically the 
strongest quarter of the year for U.S. stocks, and 
historical patterns suggest strength in the first 
three quarters more often portends a positive final 
quarter than a giveback of gains.4 Of course, every 
year has a unique set of variables at play that 
could influence market outcomes. Here we review 
some key questions that investors might be 
contemplating for Q4 2026. 
When will AI capex show a return?
We are already seeing it. Our Global Technology 
team finds that AI compute economics have 
improved meaningfully for hyperscalers and AI 
cloud providers, with infrastructure investments 
now estimated to achieve payback in less than 
three years versus up to four years just months 
ago. Growth in cloud revenues among the mega-
cap hyperscalers is accelerating, with the growth 
rate in Q2 double that of the year-ago period, an 
indication of stepped-up business from AI and 
further justifying the continued capital spending.
That spend, estimated at over US$10 trillion by 
2030,5 is needed to satisfy a large and growing 
demand for AI tokens and scarce compute ― the 
physical processing power needed to handle them. 
This demand is evident across the economy 
as companies increasingly apply AI to target 
productivity gains, competitive advantages and 
enhanced revenues. Our analysis finds the 
number of large-cap U.S. companies citing AI-
related financial uplift increased by 77% over the 
past year, a trend seen in varying degrees across 
sectors.6 This again suggests the spend is bearing 
fruit and fueling the next leg of the AI investment 
cycle among AI adopters.
Can earnings momentum continue?
The earnings outlook remains very positive in the 
U.S. and beyond. Consensus analyst estimates 
suggest 2026 will be the third consecutive year 
of double-digit earnings growth for the S&P 500, 
a measure not seen in 20 years ― and early 
reads indicate 2027 may take this stretch to four 
years.7 Applying an even longer lens shows that 
five-year forward earnings growth estimates are 
higher today than at any point in the past 40 
years, at 18% versus a historical average of 12%, 
as shown in the chart on the next page. 
The outlook is constructive globally as well, with 
Europe showing its strongest earnings growth in 
three years and emerging markets boasting a 
2026 earnings growth forecast of nearly 50%, 
driven largely by AI beneficiaries in South Korea 
and Taiwan.8
Carrie King
Global CIO, BlackRock 
Fundamental Equities
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. 
This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment advice or a recommendation. 3 Based on data from FactSet from 1928 to 2026 as of Aug. 26, 2026. 4 Based on quarterly data for 
the S&P 500 Index, sourced from FactSet over the period Dec. 31, 1978, through Aug. 26, 2026. Average return for all quarters was 3% versus 4.9% for fourth quarters. In years when the index was positive 
through September (37 out of 47 years), the fourth quarter return was positive 81% of the time. 5 BlackRock Global Technology team, August 2026. 6 BlackRock Fundamental Equities analysis of Russell 1000 
companies in Q2 2025 vs Q2 2026, as of August 2026. 7 Based on data from FactSet as of Aug. 24, 2026. 8 Based on data from FactSet as of Aug. 26, 2026. 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

Hefty capex, healthy earnings and underappreciated 
equity opportunities
7
What are some underappreciated opportunities?
In the U.S., we see a cyclical upswing separate from AI. This is showing 
up in financials, industrials and non-AI analog semiconductors, providing 
evidence of a broadening market.
Within industrials, the opportunities directly linked to the AI data center 
buildout are well acknowledged by the market. Yet we also see brightening 
earnings prospects in traditional cyclical industries such as logistics, 
airlines and packaging. At the same time, analog semiconductors are 
benefiting from an industrial recovery and improving inventory cycle.
In financials, U.S. money center and investment banks are supported by 
strong investment banking, trading and capital markets activity in addition 
to subdued loan delinquencies and an uptick in loan growth from 
depressed levels. Meanwhile, consumer finance companies have an outlook 
for earnings acceleration driven by credit normalization, lower funding 
costs and a resilient consumer. 
Where are the opportunities outside the U.S.?
Europe and Japan pique our interest, delivering strong performance even 
without the massive AI impulse of the U.S. market. Japan stands out with 
a year-to-date return of 21% compared to the U.S. and Europe both in the 
area of 13%.9
Japan is in the midst of structural reform with concerted support from the 
government and corporate sectors, yet analysis from our Japan team finds 
that a good proportion of stocks still trade below book value. We see unique 
opportunity and particular strength in specialty materials that feed the 
AI buildout.
As noted earlier, European earnings are on an upswing, led by the energy 
sector. Relative to the U.S., Europe has a greater share of companies that stand 
to benefit from the AI-driven focus on energy and infrastructure spending. And 
more than half of European revenues come from outside the continent, making 
for a diversified set of equity drivers. We see Europe offering differentiated AI 
exposure that complements the U.S. “heavyweights.” European equities also 
represent relative value, trading at a 25% discount to U.S. stocks.10
Despite our overall constructive outlook, we are cognizant of the potential 
risks. These include geopolitical uncertainties, Fed policy and the effect of 
higher rates on long-duration assets, and the sustainability of earnings 
breadth beyond AI. In a phrase, we are risk-on but risk-aware and believe 
an active and fundamentally steeped approach to stock selection can help 
investors endure bouts of volatility in the fourth quarter and beyond.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. 
This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment advice or a recommendation. 9 Based on data from FactSet as of Aug. 26, 2026. U.S. represented by the S&P 500, Europe by the 
MSCI Europe and Japan by MSCI Japan. 10 Based on data from FactSet as of Aug. 26, 2026.
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
A positive earnings picture
S&P 500 five-year earnings growth outlook, 1986-2027(E)
Chart shows consensus annualized earnings per share (EPS) growth expected over the next five years, 
calculated monthly from Dec. 31, 1985, through June 30, 2026. Source: BlackRock Fundamental 
Equities with data from FactSet as of Aug. 24, 2026. 
18%
12%
5%
10%
15%
20%
1985
1991
1997
2003
2008
2014
2020
2026
EPS growth
Average
 

“
Investing in materials: A ‘resource’ for growth and income
Evy Hambro
Global Head of 
Thematic and Sector 
Investing, BlackRock 
Fundamental Equities
The mining sector sits at the foundation of many 
of the most important growth themes shaping the 
global economy. While investor attention has often 
focused on AI models, semiconductors and the 
cloud, the physical infrastructure underpinning 
these technologies is highly dependent on metals 
and materials. Data centers require copper, steel, 
power capacity, batteries and transmission 
infrastructure, while electrification and grid 
upgrades demand vast quantities of copper, 
aluminum and other critical minerals. 
The scale of this demand is huge. We believe total 
AI investment could reach more than US$10 trillion 
by 2030.11 To put that into context, global GDP 
is just over US$100 trillion.12 This is driving a new, 
commodity-intensive investment cycle. At the same 
time, grid investment is becoming a major growth 
area as utilities attempt to meet rising demand from 
AI, electrification, the reshoring of manufacturing, 
and broader energy transition initiatives. 
Energy security has also become increasingly 
important. Following significant disruptions to 
global energy supplies, governments are placing 
greater emphasis on resilient domestic supply 
chains for both energy and critical raw materials. 
The intersection of energy security, AI and 
decarbonization is helping to drive a surge in 
infrastructure investment and supporting 
commodity prices, creating a powerful long-term 
tailwind for producers of metals and materials. 
Yet despite this growing relevance, mining 
remains relatively underrepresented in public 
markets. Metals and mining account for only 
around 2% of the MSCI ACWI,13 despite providing 
foundational inputs for sectors that drive a 
significant proportion of global economic activity. 
As economies become more commodity-intensive, 
we believe this disconnect between economic 
importance and market representation may 
become increasingly difficult to ignore. 
Scarce supply
At precisely the moment demand is accelerating, 
the mining industry faces growing challenges in 
bringing new supply online. Copper illustrates the 
issue well. Inventories remain low, ore grades 
continue to decline, existing assets are aging 
and new supply can take many years to develop. 
Copper ore grades have fallen by roughly 30% 
since the early 2000s,14 meaning miners must 
process more material to produce the same 
amount of metal. At the same time, average mine 
delivery timelines have tripled over the past 30 
years and now average approximately 17 years 
from discovery to production.15
Industry behavior has also changed ― for the 
better, in our view. The previous commodity 
supercycle, largely driven by China, left many 
mining companies with memories of 
overinvestment and weak shareholder returns. 
The mining sector has 
demonstrated a willingness 
to return excess capital to 
shareholders, particularly 
when commodity prices are 
supportive.
Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, 
investment advice or a recommendation. 11 BlackRock Fundamental Equities analysis, September 2026. 12 International Monetary Fund, April 2026. 13 Bloomberg, May 2026. 14, 15 S&P Global Energy & 
Market Intelligence, January 2026.
8
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

Since then, management teams have adopted far greater capital discipline, 
constraining industry-wide supply growth. Capital expenditure has become 
increasingly focused on sustaining existing operations rather than 
aggressively pursuing expansion.
Discipline and dividends
One of the most important changes in the mining industry over the past 
decade has been the improvement in capital allocation. The sector’s previous 
boom was characterized by aggressive expansion, excessive leverage and 
poor returns on invested capital. Today, the focus is different. Management 
teams are increasingly judged on how effectively they allocate cash across 
dividends, buybacks, reinvestment and growth. 
This discipline has paid off. Mining company balance sheets are significantly 
healthier, leverage has fallen and free-cash-flow generation has improved, 
according to our analysis. The sector has demonstrated a greater willingness 
to return excess capital to shareholders, particularly when commodity prices 
are supportive. Improved margins should continue to support shareholder 
returns across the industry. The chart at right shows how reinvested 
dividends have greatly increased performance over time. 
Capital discipline also helps reinforce the supply backdrop by preventing the 
sort of overbuilding that characterized previous cycles. Years of cautious 
investment have contributed to today’s constrained supply environment, 
creating a potentially more attractive setup for well-managed mining companies. 
In a world increasingly shaped by AI, electrification and energy security, mining 
companies provide the physical layer to enable these transformations. The 
key for investors is not simply owning commodity exposure, but identifying 
companies capable of balancing growth opportunities with disciplined capital 
allocation and consistent shareholder returns. In an industry where projects are 
expensive, timelines are measured in decades and supply remains constrained, 
capital discipline may prove to be one of the most valuable resources of all.
Investing in materials: A ‘resource’ for growth and income
9
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future 
results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment advice or a recommendation. Forecasts/estimates may not come to pass. 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
The power of income
Price change in mining-related stocks, with and without dividends, 1993-2026
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Chart shows the 
performance of an actively managed basket of mining-related stocks. Data is rebased to 100 as 
of Dec. 31, 1993. The orange section shows price return and yellow shows performance when 
dividends are reinvested. Sources: BlackRock and DataStream, June 30, 2026.
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
3000
1993
1998
2003
2007
2012
2016
2021
2026
Capital only return
Dividend return
 

“
34.2
20.2
19.5
15.4
15.2
10.0
0
10
20
30
40
Emerging
markets
World
U.S.
Euro area
Japan
UK
Earnings
Sales
Emerging markets beyond AI
We see emerging markets in 
a sweet spot with earnings 
powered both by the 
AI-capex winners and by 
companies across sectors 
not reliant on the AI theme.
10
Emerging market (EM) equities have been 
turbocharged by AI investment, benefiting the 
companies that meet demand in the main 
bottlenecks of memory and power. I wrote about 
this in the Q3 Equity Market Outlook, and this 
remains a key theme in the region. But we believe 
there are exciting opportunities for stock pickers 
who look beyond AI in EM, both to generate alpha 
and to provide regional and sectoral diversification 
in portfolios. 
EM earnings are expected to grow more than any 
other region over the next 12 months, as the chart 
below shows. This overall number masks what is 
happening beneath the surface. EM earnings grew 
58% over the past year. Yet even when stripping 
out the tech sector, that number is 25%, more 
than the earnings growth for global stocks.16 This 
is evidence of the growth in EM broadening out 
beyond AI. 
Egon Vavrek
Head of EM and 
Asia Core, BlackRock 
Fundamental Equities
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. 
This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment advice or a recommendation. Forecasts/estimates may not come to pass. 16 HSBC, August 2026. 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
EMs a global earnings leader
12-month earnings and sales growth estimates by region
Chart shows aggregate analyst 12-month forward estimates for earnings growth (orange bars) and sales (yellow dots) in each region. 
Source: BlackRock Investment Institute with data from LSEG Datastream and MSCI, Sept. 1, 2026. 
%
 

Emerging markets beyond AI
We believe the following sectors are worth exploring as a source of high-
quality companies and portfolio diversification:
Materials
AI, electrification and energy storage are increasing demand for commodities 
such as lithium and rare earth minerals, areas where Asia plays a dominant 
role across refining, processing and manufacturing. More broadly, Asia is 
home to mining companies with reliable sources of copper and gold, metals 
we believe will see increasing long-term demand. We expect copper demand 
to be driven by AI and electrification, while new supply is hard to bring online 
due to higher costs and declining copper grades. Gold demand may be driven 
by the increasingly fragile state of government balance sheets, in our view. 
Industrials
EMs, particularly those in Asia, are home to large industrial companies that 
specialize in mining equipment, and these should also benefit from the capex 
boom associated with materials demand. We look for those companies that can 
offset potential domestic weakness by taking global market share. We also 
expect Asian battery makers ― many of which are at the forefront of battery 
innovation ― to benefit from the long-term trend toward electrification, grid 
infrastructure upgrades, energy storage and energy security.
South Korea has been a standout index over the past year, roughly doubling 
due to the prowess of its large memory companies.17 But that’s not the whole 
story. Korean defense companies are benefiting from geopolitical 
fragmentation and what we call the “Four Cs:” cost, with Korean defense 
companies selling products up to 50% cheaper than global peers;18 capacity, 
which means Korean companies can produce goods quickly; compatibility, 
with many Korean systems compatible with NATO systems; and collaboration 
― Korea has strong defense partnerships with global allies. 
Korean shipbuilders also benefit from increased geopolitical rivalry and the 
focus on energy security, with demand for liquefied natural gas carriers in 
particular leading to order backlogs of around four years. There’s an AI link 
as well: Shipbuilders can sell their electricity-generating engines as sources 
of power for data centers and make roughly double the margin. 
Elsewhere among industrials, South Korea is home to companies that 
specialize in power generation equipment manufacturing, which benefit 
from rising global power demand. 
Financials
We see selective opportunities in quality banks that have greater growth 
prospects than many developed market peers as well as more attractive 
valuations. Many of these can be found in Eastern Europe, with many of the 
best banks in this region displaying high single-digit earnings growth and 
dividend yields of around 6%-9%.19 We think these banks could benefit from 
improving economic activity and healthier credit demand in countries such 
as Hungary, Poland and Greece. Poland, for example, is entering a multi-year 
period of elevated EU-funded investment, which could average 2.5% of gross 
domestic product annually through 2030,20 supporting growth, credit 
demand and bank earnings. South Africa and India are also countries with 
high-quality banks exposed to improving domestic conditions. 
We believe emerging markets remain in a sweet spot, where earnings are 
powered both by the AI-capex winners and by a broader set of companies 
across sectors where the investment case isn’t necessarily linked to AI. Our 
focus remains on businesses demonstrating strong operational momentum, 
improving profitability and sustainable earnings growth rather than simply 
chasing market leadership.
11
Any opinions or forecasts represent an assessment of the market environment at a specific time and are not a guarantee of future results. This information should not be relied upon by the reader as research, investment 
advice or a recommendation. Forecasts/estimates may not come to pass. 17 Bloomberg, September 2026. 18 BlackRock Fundamental Equities analysis, July 2026. 19 BlackRock Fundamental Equities analysis 
with data from Bloomberg, August 2026. 20 BCA Research, August 2026. 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

12
General disclosure: This document is marketing material, is intended for information and educational purposes only, and does not constitute investment advice, a recommendation or an offer or solicitation to 
purchase or sell any securities or any investment strategies. The opinions expressed are as of September 2026 and are subject to change without notice. Reliance upon information in this material is at the sole 
discretion of the reader. Investing involves risks. This information is not intended to be complete or exhaustive and no representations or warranties, either express or implied, are made regarding the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained herein. This material may contain estimates and forward-looking statements, which may include forecasts and do not represent a guarantee of future performance. 
RISKS
Capital at risk. The value of investments and the income from them can fall as well as rise and are not guaranteed. Investors may not get back the amount originally invested.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results and should not be the sole factor of consideration when selecting a product or strategy.
Changes in the rates of exchange between currencies may cause the value of investments to diminish or increase. Fluctuation may be particularly marked in the case of a higher volatility fund and the value of an 
investment may fall suddenly and substantially. Levels and basis of taxation may change from time to time.
In the U.S. and Canada, this material is intended for public distribution. In EMEA, in the UK and Non-European Economic Area (EEA) countries: this is Issued by BlackRock Investment Management 
(UK) Limited, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered office: 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London, EC2N 2DL. Tel: + 44 (0)20 7743 3000. Registered in England and Wales 
No. 02020394. For your protection telephone calls are usually recorded. Please refer to the Financial Conduct Authority website for a list of authorised activities conducted by BlackRock. In the European 
Economic Area (EEA): this is Issued by BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V. is authorised and regulated by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets. Registered office Amstelplein 1, 1096 HA, 
Amsterdam, Tel: 31-20-549-5200. Trade Register No. 17068311 For your protection telephone calls are usually recorded. In Italy, for information on investor rights and how to raise complaints please go 
to https://www.blackrock.com/corporate/compliance/investor-right available in Italian. BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited - Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM) Branch is a Branch of a Foreign Company 
registered with the Abu Dhabi Global Market Registration Authority (Registered number 21523), with its office at Floor 25, Al Sila Tower, Abu Dhabi Global Market Square, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, UAE, 
and is regulated by the ADGM Financial Services Regulatory Authority (“FSRA”) to engage in the regulated activities of ‘Arranging Deals in Investments;’ ‘Advising on Investments or Credit’ ‘Managing Assets;’ 
and ‘Managing in a Collective Investment Fund’ (FRSA Reference 240099). BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited - Dubai Branch is a Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) Foreign Recognised Company 
registered with the DIFC Registrar of Companies (DIFC Registered Number 546), with its office at Unit L15 - 01A, ICD Brookfield Place, DIFC, PO Box 506661, Dubai, UAE, and is regulated by the DFSA to 
engage in the regulated activities of ‘Advising on Financial Products’ and ‘Arranging Deals in Investments’ in or from the DIFC, both of which are limited to units in a collective investment fund (DFSA 
Reference Number F000738). 
In Albania, Angola, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Botswana, Bulgaria, Egypt, Georgia, Ghana, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kosovo, Lebanon, Mauritius, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, 
North Macedonia, Pakistan, Rwanda, Serbia, Tanzania, Turkey, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Zambia, Zimbabwe, this document is intended strictly for central banks and sovereign investors only. 
In Israel: BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is not licensed under Israel’s Regulation of Investment Advice, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 5755-1995 (the “Advice 
Law”), nor does it carry insurance thereunder. In South Africa, please be advised that BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited is an authorized financial services provider with the South African 
Financial Services Board, FSP No. 43288. In the ADGM, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Clients. In the DIFC, this material is intended strictly for Professional 
Clients as defined under the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”) Conduct of Business (COB) Rules. In the Kingdom of Bahrain and the Sultanate of Oman, the information contained in this 
document is intended strictly for sophisticated institutions. In the State of Kuwait, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for sophisticated institutions that are ‘Professional Clients’ 
as defined under the Kuwait Capital Markets Law and its Executive Bylaws. In Qatar, the information contained in this document is intended strictly for sophisticated investors and high net worth investors. 
In the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, this material is for distribution to Institutional and Qualified Clients (as defined by the Implementing Regulations issued by Capital Market Authority) only and should 
not be relied upon by any other persons. In United Arab Emirates (UAE) (excluding the DIFC and the ADGM): the information contained in this document is intended strictly for Professional Investors. 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 

In Australia and New Zealand, issued by BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited ABN 13 006 165 975 AFSL 230 523 (BIMA). The material provides general information only and does 
not take into account your individual objectives, financial situation, needs or circumstances. Refer to BIMAL’s Financial Services Guide on its website for more information. In New Zealand, this material is for 
the exclusive use of the recipient, who warrants by receipt of this material that they are a wholesale client as defined under the New Zealand Financial Advisers Act 2008 respectively. BIMAL is not licensed by 
a New Zealand regulator to provide ‘Financial Advice Service’ ‘Investment manager under an FMC offer’ or ‘Keeping, investing, administering, or managing money, securities, or investment portfolios on behalf 
of other persons.’ BIMAL’s registration on the New Zealand register of financial service providers does not mean that BIMAL is subject to active regulation or oversight by a New Zealand regulator. In China, 
this material may not be distributed to individuals resident in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”, for such purposes, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan) or entities registered in the PRC unless such 
parties have received all the required PRC government approvals to participate in any investment or receive any investment advisory or investment management services. In Hong Kong, this material is issued 
by BlackRock Asset Management North Asia Limited and has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. In Japan, this is issued by BlackRock Japan. Co., Ltd. (Financial 
Instruments Business Operator: The Kanto Regional Financial Bureau. License No375, Association Memberships: Japan Investment Advisers Association, The Investment Trusts Association, Japan, Japan 
Securities Dealers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association) for Institutional Investors only. All strategies or products BLK Japan offer through the discretionary investment contracts or 
through investment trust funds do not guarantee the principal amount invested. The risks and costs of each strategy or product we offer cannot be indicated here because the financial instruments in which 
they are invested vary each strategy or product. In Singapore, this is issued by BlackRock (Singapore) Limited (Co. registration no. 200010143N). This advertisement or publication has not been reviewed 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. In South Korea, this information is issued by BlackRock Investment (Korea) Limited, for distribution to Qualified Professional Investors (as defined in the Financial 
Investment Services and Capital Market Act and its sub-regulations). In Taiwan, independently operated by BlackRock Investment Management (Taiwan) Limited. Address: 28F., No. 100, Songren Rd., Xinyi 
Dist., Taipei City 110, Taiwan. Tel: (02)23261600. For other APAC countries, this material is issued for Institutional Investors only (or professional/sophisticated /qualified investors, as such term may 
apply in local jurisdictions). In Latin America, no securities regulator within Latin America has confirmed the accuracy of any information contained herein. The provision of investment management and 
investment advisory services is a regulated activity in Mexico thus is subject to strict rules. For more information on the Investment Advisory Services offered by BlackRock Mexico please refer to the 
Investment Services Guide available at www.blackrock.com/mx. 
13
© 2026 BlackRock, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. BLACKROCK is a trademark of BlackRock, Inc. or its affiliates. All other trademarks are those of their respective owners.
Lit No. EQ-OUTLOOK-4Q-2026 
CAPITAL AT RISK. INVESTMENTS CAN RISE OR FALL IN VALUE. FOR PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION IN THE U.S., CANADA, LATIN AMERICA, 
SELECT COUNTRIES IN EUROPE (SEE THE FULL DISCLAIMER), ISRAEL, SOUTH AFRICA, HONG KONG, SINGAPORE AND AUSTRALIA. 
FOR INSTITUTIONAL, PROFESSIONAL, AND QUALIFIED INVESTORS AND CLIENTS IN OTHER PERMITTED COUNTRIES.
 
