The AI investment cycle continues unabated, with global AI investment exceeding 
n
$1tn this year. While most of this spending is concentrated in the US and Asia, 
the global investment boom is showing signs of positive growth spillovers into 
Europe, partly offsetting headwinds from energy prices. In this Analyst, we review 
the evidence and estimate the likely contribution of the global AI capex cycle to 
European GDP growth. 
To do so, we leverage three different approaches. First, we allocate global 
n
AI-related spending across countries and sectors by mapping the geographical 
distribution of new data centre capacity additions, assuming a spending mix 
similar to that of the US. We feed the resulting country-sector spending changes 
into a global input-output model to compute the direct and indirect effects of 
global AI spending growth on European GDP growth. This approach suggests that 
global AI capex will add 0.10pp-0.15pp to European growth in 2026. 
Second, we adopt a bottom-up approach that computes the domestic value 
n
added of the European data centre build-out and of AI-related exports, which 
also points to an estimated AI investment contribution to GDP growth of around 
0.1pp in 2026. Third, we examine granular industrial production data in AI 
investment-exposed sectors and come up with a similarly sized impulse to 
growth. 
We cross-check our estimates using changes in earnings expectations for 
n
European AI-exposed companies. We find that 2026 earnings growth 
expectations since the onset of the AI cycle have risen by around EUR 12bn, 
equivalent 0.05% of European GDP. 
Taken together, our exercise points to a European growth boost of 0.05pp to 
n
0.15pp, with a mean estimate of 0.10pp. Two groups of countries are set to 
benefit most from the capex cycle. First, countries that attract physical 
investment in data centres, such as Scandinavian economies and Iberia, are 
benefitting from domestic construction and fitting activity. Second, 
manufacturing economies integrated in the global semiconductor and electrical 
equipment supply chain benefit from incremental demand globally, including 
Germany. 
Looking ahead, projections by our global economics team suggest that global 
n
AI-related investment will continue at a firm pace, implying that the positive 
Giovanni Pierdomenico 
+44(20)7051-6807 | 
giovanni.pierdomenico@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
5 October 2026 | 5:45PM BST
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
EUROPEAN ECONOMICS ANALYST 
Spillovers from the Global AI Capex Cycle
 
 

impulse to European growth observed in 2026 should continue into 2027. The 
uncertainty around our estimates is two-sided. On the one hand, investment 
designed to expand production capacity in affected sectors and positive sentiment 
effects could understate the contribution of the global AI buildout to European 
activity. On the other hand, mismeasurement and crowding out of non-AI activity 
could imply a less positive contribution to European growth.
5 October 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

Spillovers from the Global AI Capex Cycle 
 
 
The AI investment cycle continues unabated, with our latest estimates pointing to global 
AI investment exceeding $1tn this year (Exhibit 1, left). Most of the hardware investment 
is concentrated in the US and Asia, that together account for over 80% of the global net 
data centre additions. Europe only represents around 10% of global additions to data 
centres this year (Exhibit 1, right).1 
 
That said, recent commentary from European central banks and business survey data 
point to signs of positive spillovers of the global investment cycle into Europe (Exhibit 2), 
which could explain the surprising resilience of the activity dataflow to the energy shock 
observed so far. 
 
The European economy can benefit from the global AI investment cycle through two 
1
In this note, “Europe” refers to the EU27, the UK, Norway, and Switzerland.
 
Exhibit 1: Global AI Investment Reaching $1tn in 2026 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Bloomberg, Haver Analytics, 451 Research
 
Exhibit 2: Some Signs that Europe Is Benefitting from AI-Related Demand 
Geography
Date
Context
Quote
10-Sep
ECB's Monetary 
Policy Statement
Increased AI-related activity is visible in digital services, business investment and exports.
AI-related borrowing accounted for about a quarter of the growth in credit to firms in the first 
quarter of this year
Since euro area long-term rates move with US yields, Europe will bear part of the price of 
this boom in its own borrowing costs.
Manufacture of computers and electronics has also experienced strong growth and value 
added is now around 50 per cent larger than in 2019. This industry may benefit from the 
expansion of AI and data services, but also from military rearmament.
The upturn in investment can be related to major investments in defence and AI technology, 
which have also been highlighted by the companies responding to the Riksbank's most 
recent Business Survey.
Norway
24-Sep
Norges Bank's 
Monetary Policy 
Report
Data centre buildout, technology investment and capacity expansion in tourism are boosting 
investment.
Euro Area
23-Sep
Flash PMIs
Manufacturing, spearheaded by Germany, is enjoying its best growth spell for over four 
years, spurred by rising AI and defense spending
UK
23-Sep
Flash PMIs
AI investment and greater defence spending were highlighted as factors supporting 
manufacturing production, while weak consumer demand was reported as a growth 
headwind.
14-Sep
Speech by ECB 
President Lagarde
24-Sep
Riskbank's 
Monetary Policy 
Report
Euro Area
Sweden
 
 
Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence, ECB, Riksbank, Norges Bank, European Commission, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

main channels. 
First, while less prominent than elsewhere, local data centre build out should have a 
modest positive effect on European growth via increased activity in construction and 
fitting, even if the computing hardware is largely imported (Exhibit 3, left). 
Second, Europe should benefit from increased demand for AI-exposed goods, including 
semiconductor-related capital goods, electronics, and electrical equipment. Indeed, 
business surveys in these sectors point to export and production expectations at or 
close to historical highs (Exhibit 3, right). 
 
In this Analyst, we thus review the evidence of these two channels and employ three 
different approaches to estimate the likely contribution of the global AI capex cycle to 
European GDP growth. 
Modelling Spillovers with Input-Output Table 
First, we adopt a model-driven approach that leverages input-output tables to capture 
direct effects and spillovers from the global AI cycle. 
To do so, we leverage detailed metrics on the composition of US AI hardware spending 
compiled by our Global team colleagues by replicating the US national accounts 
commodity-flow method of estimating investment. Their approach enables us to break 
down US AI spending by component and to track how much of that is resulting from 
higher net imports as opposed to increased domestic production. 
 
Exhibit 3: Two Possible Channels: Domestic Data Centre Construction and Spillover from Investment Abroad 
Defence,
more
domestic-driven
More AI-exposed,
export-driven
Under foreign 
competitive 
pressure
 
 
Source: European Data Centre Association , ifo, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
Given the lack of comparable timely and granular data in other jurisdictions, we assume 
regional AI spending is proportional to net computing power adds across regions, using 
data compiled by our equity research colleagues.2 Furthermore, we assume that the 
spending mix outside of the US broadly mirrors that observed in the US with respect to 
both components and geographical sourcing.3 
These assumptions allow us to decompose global AI investment growth into changes in 
spending across countries and industries. After adjusting nominal demand growth for 
the rapid inflation in input costs observed this year (Exhibit 5, left), we are able to feed a 
real demand growth vector to input-output tables4 that enables to track how an 
increase for final-demand products reverberates up through the supply chains to 
producers of intermediate goods (Exhibit 5, right). 
2
 To allocate spending within Europe, we leverage data on expected additions compiled by the EU data centre 
association (EUDCA).
3
 When extrapolating the US data to global spending, we adjust our assumptions on the likely origin of 
products to avoid overstating the role of countries like Mexico that benefit from their proximity to the US.
4
 We use the 2022 OCED industry-by-industry input-output table as they cover Taiwan.
 
Exhibit 4: US Data Suggests Most AI-Related Investment is on Imported Semis and Computer Equipment 
 
 
Source: US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
Our model suggests that global AI investment is contributing around 0.10pp to European 
growth, with just over half of this impulse arising from spillovers of investment occurring 
outside the region. This estimate rises to 0.15pp when adopting a broader definition of 
AI spending to include specialized electrical components beyond heating, ventilation, 
and air conditioning (HVAC). If applied to East Asian economies, our approach would be 
consistent with previously estimated AI-related growth impulses, such as the roughly 
9pp contribution estimated for Taiwan this year.  
A Bean-Counting Exercise 
Second, we adopt a bottom-up approach that attempts to size the impulse on a 
component-by-component basis. 
With respect to domestic spending, we again consider the increase in data centre 
investment in Europe using estimates from GIR equity research, and, in line with their 
findings, assume that (a) each MW of added data centre capacity costs around $42 
million, (b) around 70% is foreign-sourced compute equipment, with the rest accounting 
for the construction cost of the “shell” of the data centre that should have a 
substantially higher domestic GVA contribution.5   
With respect to spillovers from foreign investment, we leverage granular trade data from 
Eurostat and a classification of AI-exposed products identified by the literature.6 We 
find that European Union AI-exposed goods exports to the rest of the world have clearly 
outperformed the rest of the local manufacturing complex, supported by computer 
hardware, lithography equipment, and electrical and networking equipment (Exhibit 6). 
5
 We assume that of the “shell” cost, around half is construction spending that is domestic and the rest is 
equipment spending allocated within Europe proportional to shares in electrical equipment manufacturing GVA.
6
 “Trade in AI-Related Products” by M. Waugh, Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis and NBER (2026).
 
Exhibit 5: After Adjusting for Cost Inflation, Our Input-Output Based Model Points to an AI Investment-Related Boost to 
Euro Area GDP Growth of Around 0.10pp-0.15pp 
 
 
Source: US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), Haver Analytics, OECD, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
After accounting again for the meaningful inflation observed in AI-exposed equipment, 
we estimate that AI-exposed exports are currently rising 3pp per year faster than other 
exports. Once accounting for the share of domestic GVA in gross exports, we estimate 
this outperformance added around EUR 10bn to GDP growth in 2026. Paired with our 
estimate of around EUR 10bn of contribution from investment occurring in Europe, we 
estimate a total contribution to growth of around EUR 20bn in 2025 prices, adding just 
under 0.10pp to Europe-wide growth, close to our model-based estimates (Exhibit 7). 
 
An Industrial Production-Based Approach to Assess the Impact of AI 
Investment 
Finally, we turn to industrial production (IP) data to size the impulse of AI investment in 
 
Exhibit 6: AI-Exposed Exports Have Outperformed 
 
 
Source: Eurostat, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 7: Our Bottom-Up Exercise Suggests AI Investment Growth is Adding Around EUR 20bn to European GDP Growth 
in 2026 
 
Changes in domestic spending (as opposed to levels) are relevant for the impulse to real GDP growth. 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

Europe. 
We consider EU-wide IP data at the granular sub-industry level and identify seven 
subcategories that are particularly exposed to the AI investment cycle. Production in 
these areas is clearly outperforming the rest of the manufacturing sector, with growth 
rates comparable to those observed in areas that are benefitting from increased 
defence spending (Exhibit 8). 
 
Over the last 12 months, activity in AI investment-exposed sectors outperformed the 
rest of the industrial sector by just over 5pp. Given an approximate share in total 
manufacturing production of around 6% and scaling for the manufacturing share in total 
GDP, we estimate an approximate contribution from faster IP growth to EU-wide GDP 
growth of around 0.05pp (Exhibit 9, left). 
Given the lack of similarly granular data on construction, we are unable to separately 
estimate a construction impulse from monthly series and thus assume the same 
contribution from building activity estimated in our bean counting exercise, for a total 
effect of slightly less than 0.10pp on region-wide GDP growth this year (Exhibit 9, right). 
 
Exhibit 8: Industrial Production in Exposed Sectors is Growing Substantially Faster Than Other Categories 
 
 
Source: Eurostat, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
The Signal from the Stock Market 
We cross-check our estimates with the signal from the stock market. 
Similarly to previous work by the Global Economics team, we consider how consensus 
expectations for the earnings of European listed AI-exposed companies have evolved 
since the end of 2022, as a proxy for the contribution of the AI cycle to European 
corporate activity. 
The expected change in earnings between 2025 and 2026 rose from just EUR 3bn at the 
end of 2022 to around EUR 15bn now, suggesting that the news around AI investment 
added around EUR 12bn to growth expectations, corresponding to around 0.05% of 
European GDP. 
 
Exhibit 9: This Approach Also Yields a Growth Impulse Estimate of Around 0.10pp 
 
 
Source: Eurostat, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5 October 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
This approximate market-based estimate is slightly below those arising from previous 
methods. That said, it misses the contribution from non-listed companies, from 
European activity of foreign multinational corporates (and, similarly, does not account 
for operation of European companies abroad), and from most construction activity. 
Bringing It All Together 
We bring our estimates together in Exhibit 11. 
Our estimates of the impulse from the global AI investment cycle to region-wide growth 
range from 0.05pp to 0.15pp, averaging around 0.10pp for this year. Our input-output 
table-based approach that models the entire supply chain yields larger estimates, while 
a narrow market-based estimate sits at the lower-end of the range. 
Averaging the country-level estimates from our three approaches suggests that two 
groups of countries are set to benefit most from the capex cycle. 
First, countries that attract meaningful physical investment in data centres, such as 
Scandinavian economies and Iberia, are benefitting from domestic construction and 
fitting activity. Second, manufacturing economies integrated in the global 
semiconductor and electrical equipment supply chain benefit from incremental demand 
globally, including Germany, Ireland and the Netherlands. 
Countries that do not attract a meaningful share of new data centre net additions (even 
though they might be accounting for a larger share of the existing stock) and are less 
manufacturing-oriented, such as the UK and France, screen as less positively affected 
than others. 
 
Exhibit 10: Consensus Expectations of European Listed AI-Exposed Companies Suggest the 
AI Cycle Added Around EUR 12bn to Earnings Growth 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Factset
5 October 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

 
Looking ahead, projections by the Global Economics team suggest that global AI-related 
investment will continue at a firm pace. Domestically, investment in new data centres 
across the region should also continue to gain momentum in coming years. We thus 
expect the positive impulse to European growth observed in 2026 to continue into 2027 
(Exhibit 12). 
 
We see two-sided uncertainty around our estimates. 
To the upside, investment designed to expand production capacity in affected sectors, 
such as projects announced in Ireland and Germany, investment in power infrastructure, 
and positive sentiment effects could understate the contribution of the global AI 
buildout to European activity. 
To the downside, it is possible that the national accounts underestimate the ongoing 
 
Exhibit 11: We See an AI-Related Boost of Around 0.1pp This Year, With Larger Effects in Portugal, Scandinavia, Ireland, 
the Netherlands, and Germany 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 12: The AI Investment-Related Growth Impulse Should Remain Positive in 2027 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, 451 Research
5 October 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

investment in ICT equipment as, like in the US, statistical agencies largely employ a 
commodity-flow approach to measuring fixed investment with fixed capital formation 
ratios that could miss out the new role of ICT equipment as capital (rather than 
intermediate) goods. Furthermore, burgeoning AI-related activity could be crowding out 
other investment via its effect on technological component prices and on capital 
markets. 
Giovanni Pierdomenico 
5 October 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

The European Economics Team 
Sven Jari Stehn 
+44(20)7774-8061 
jari.stehn@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Filippo Taddei 
+44(20)7774-5458 
filippo.taddei@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Alexandre Stott 
+33(1)4212-1108 
alexandre.stott@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris 
Branch
James Moberly 
+44(20)7774-9444 
james.r.moberly@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Niklas Garnadt 
+49(69)7532-1537 
niklas.garnadt@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
Katya Vashkinskaya 
+44(20)7774-4833 
katya.vashkinskaya@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Giovanni Pierdomenico 
+44(20)7051-6807 
giovanni.pierdomenico@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
5 October 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Giovanni Pierdomenico, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been 
influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Giovanni Pierdomenico Goldman Sachs International. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
5 October 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
5 October 2026
  15
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 

marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
5 October 2026
  16
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 
