GS McGeoch - GS Materials Oct 6... Spanish elections for Utils,
Miners Q3 preview, bulks, precious and China calls today, NHY
spot gas impact, BHP strikes 6 Oct 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
6 Oct 2026
DXY 102.25 CNH 6.70 10YR 5.30 Gold 4,134 Copper 14,398 Oil 99.67
Overnight remains meh (HK trades fine, China closed, ASX better in materials, weaker in precious and
areas like tungsten on EQR update)), i am not going to say there looks to be a soft bid, but "there looks to
be a soft bid". In the thread of "soft" I mentioned Sugar yday, supply story, +3.5% again yday. Note Sugar
week and also we have bullion week, precious guys still on sideline (definate fade overnight after what
was a better day Monday), but question being asked on when to engage, see call invites today on bulks and
precious and China Feedback (Trina Chen). A few bits about, I missed this till yday but wanted to
flag(Mkt gets its, but in case you also missed it), China tariff reduction on US coal imports , $30bn of
imports in each direction, at least 10mt of US coal in 2027 and 2028. Price has come off the highs, $272
FOB, probably due a little bit of drift, need to see how activity comes back (Iron Ore at 4yr lows, freight
backing off, the ask remains does FOB or CFR capture the recovery….)..In steel a lot of asks, i said it was
a cons long when in NY, its one the extends from specialists to generalists, hence the unwind has been big
and painful. For MT.NA see below on the estimate, buyside is <$2bn, am watching prices, noting on
US/Mexico deal expectations the price drifted last week (from extremely elevated levels), MT feels like
the go to, so watch it for a change of mood. In TKA we see a headline on the possible materials spin on
October 28.
EU Miners - Q3 preview – interesting title on “Constructive on Copper”, my feedback said mtk had got
tactically short, commods desk think length is 2/10 max. For me it’s a long… setup is interesting, the EU
miners (GSXEMINE) rallied a rather impressive c.60% Nov-Feb as we priced “de-basement, reflation,
real asset ownership, HALO”. Since those Feb highs we are down c.10% last 7months, all the while
supply side has contracted and political will to increase strategic ownership is up. Basically we have seen
the whites of the eyes and its higher…. So given GIR think Q3 is likely a touch softer, its generally pretty
well priced….Focus on the forward. Matt outlines the Copper TC ask, move to spot and you do major
triage on the cost impact of higher diesel (other), The names where GS differs to cons (note these cons
numbers will adjust over next ten days) : BHP Copper and watch weather issues, realised pricing may
dissappoint in iron ore (copper GS +4% to cons), AAL Copper/Iron Ore (-5/7%), RIO and GLEN look
broadly inline (RIO all about asset sales, see yday, GLEN is always a 2H prodn story have already had
marketing update). MT.NA EBITDA coming in(-8%..cons coming to us, its been priced), ANTO prob
screens the worst v cons and needs a v strong Q4 (we also worry about 2027 guide which we should get,
GS 670kt,cons 710kt), BOL focus on NEXA update and operational looks weak and cost pressure to
emerge (Oddo, Tara, Garpenberg update early Dec).

NHY.NO - after mkt yday - announces a $90-110m gas impact in Q4, GIR is at $50m. Whilst the
premiums have been higher and EBITDA in Q3 is moving up, its the gas that had us worried (buying
spot). Heres the confirmation of the worry and its likely to extend into 1Q27. .... Stock starts -1-2%, the
thing is the multiple is cheap b/c we know of these issues, its just that the scale is larger than we expected.
When the war is over the equity will re-price (value os EUR installed prodn base, power assets etc), just
need to know when the when is.
On the physical Ali side - premiums downtrend (Midwest followed LME, -$60 w/w with Ali down $150).
EU premiums up smalls with downward pressure at front and the mkt offered as metal starts to arrive,
seeing a slowdown in spot requests and expect the mkt to normalise in the coming months. So expect EU
premiums to drift….In Alumina the spot index is higher, +$60 since the lows in June, miners in Aust
lowering guidance and ME flows normalising. The Alumina China took at start of summer is now
becoming a net exporter. China Alumina at a $20 prem today (typically $60)
BHP - Escondida Strikes - (BBG) - BHP has asked Chilean labor authorities to begin mediation in wage
negotiations with supervisors and staff at its Escondida copper mine, giving the two sides more time to try
to avert a strike.
Once a mediation date is confirmed, the two sides will have five working days to continue negotiations.
Members of Escondida’s Supervisors and Staff Union No. 2 voted overwhelmingly to reject BHP’s final
contract offer and authorize a strike. BHP said it would use the mediation process to seek an agreement
that benefits workers while safeguarding the sustainability and future of Escondida, the world’s largest
copper mine. If the five-day mediation fails to produce an agreement, the two sides could agree to an
extension or a strike could begin. The union more likely to strike is Syndicato No1 – they are up for
renewal next year. They are the largest union in Chile
Spanish Elections - Utilities team take a pass at what it may mean here - Solaria the standout opportunity -
GIR take no view on the outcome of these elections, yet if these were to trigger a change in government it
could have meaningful implications on energy policy. Current polls (see here) suggest Partido Popular
(PP) could emerge as the largest block. To the extent that there is a change, we note that last time PP was
in power, utilities were negatively impacted (July 2013), but we also believe that those measures were in
response to a very specific situation: a “tariff deficit” that was growing too large, amidst a backdrop of the
EU sovereign crisis. This time, recent statements by PP and VOX seem to call for a more pro-market
approach, including: (1) Boost to energy security, which would support ongoing renewable development
and the potential extension of nuclear asset life. (2) Favourable backdrop to develop AI datacenters. (3)
Deregulation in power markets, via the removal of all the existing ad-hoc measures (levies, etc)...... Buy-
rated Solaria as a positive stand out, owing to its gearing to providing datacenter infrastructure services,
and see Endesa (Sell) as more negatively exposed to any change in retail margins. Since the elections were
called yesterday, all parties are yet to present their manifestos. These documents, once published, would
provide more granularity and allow us a more specific view.
Three calls I think you should listen to…
China - Field Trip Takeaways - 9am UK

China Commodities – China Commodity Trip 2H26. Bulk commodities Call – 130pm UKT Iron Ore, Coal
and Steel.
Precious Metals Call – 2.00pm UKT - Live from London Bullion Week – Adam Gillard and Lina Thomas.
I mentioned last week it’s the one I see the best risk reward in. EGO.US my top pick, expecting the Greek
PM to officially open Skouries later this week. For those looking at NST situation this was a good listen
source
I saw this overnight, I have seen this before, its not totally different to the ones i posted last Friday, its just
part of the matrix the mkt is considering but not actioning. More just to eyeball, awareness if nothing else.

source as above.
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3

All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 6 Oct 2026.
