GS Wijaya - GS SECTOR SPECIALISTS Energy, Natural
Resources and Utilities Preview Canada Heavy + Prime Data 5 Oct
2026
Adam Wijaya  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
5 Oct 2026
Canada Heavy + Prime Data
Framing the Conversations. Canadian Energy has been one of the more topical subsectors on the desk for
the better part of the year. Conversations (specifically with US investors) have flipped almost 180 degrees
since the start of the year. Recall back in January – when we were talking about Venezuela as the next
potential growth engine in the O&G landscape – sentiment on CAD was more cautious (light – heavy
blowing out, potential upside or no slow down on capex with oil price relatively muted and leverage
profiles at the time elevated). Fast forward – we have seen sentiment shift more constructive – think egress
opportunities materializing, Alberta energy policy improving, debt reductions ahead of schedule,
accelerated capital returns and upside to Downstream EPS/CFPS profiles. More recently – consolidation
in the basin has been top of mind (TVE/Headwater, CVE/MEG). Set aside traditional O&G for a moment
– there are power opportunities growing in Canada – from gas infrastructure to nuclear power generation.
From here – the biggest sources of pushback on the group are (A) WCS has widened recently and there’s
more room to see mid cycle WCS diffs trend that way over time, (B) timelines on egress opportunities
could disappoint to the downside and (C) relative performance. Feedback welcome.
Take a look at GS CAD Oil Sands Basket vs XLE over the last two years …

Source: Bloomberg as of 10/5. Past performance not indicative of future performance.
CVE. CENOVUS TO BUY ATHABASCA OIL FOR C$12.00/SHR CASH, STOCK… couple of
headlines out of CAD this morning – this one likely the focus. Company is hosting a call at 9 AM ET to
run through the proposed acquisition. Company is calling out $85 mn of annual corporate + commercial
synergies, opp to grow thermal assets to 115 Mbbls/d (calling out to total capital investment of C$700-
C$800 mn per year through EOD inclusive of C$200 mn of sustaining capex / year), reduce SOR by 20%
and highlight position in SADG. Net debt target of C$4 bn unchanged – expected pro-forma net debt of
C$5-C$5.5 bn at year end (press release calling this out: ‘Cenovus’s net debt at the end of the third quarter
was approximately $3.0 billion.’ We have seen the company shift gears from pounding the table on rate of
change at Downstream operations / execution (think WRB sale to PSX) to focusing on ‘core
competencies’ … ie Upstream + SAGD. Worth noting - the focus on Upstream & SAGD has been gaining
momentum and traction over the last couple of quarters.

SU. Early feedback from US investors has been constructive on the update overnight from Suncor: Ithaca
Energy to Buy Offshore Oil Assets in Canada from Suncor Energy for $860 Million. Demonstrating a core
focus on long-life oil sands resource / assets likely going to be the high level takeaway here – and if you
go back and look at the Investor update from March – almost all the Upstream focus was on the mining +
in situ assets. Deal is expected to close in early 2027 and perhaps what is more interesting near-term:
increasing share repo under NCIB from C$500 mn to C$750 mn per month beginning in October. Recall
for over the last few quarters – company has had a fairly consistent message on core vs non-core asset
sales… this is from 2Q EPS on Commerce City for example: ‘And make no mistake, Dave and I, a few
years ago went to Commerce City and we took a photo and showed it in landscape and portrait and said, if
you want to stay in it, here's what you need to do and what you need to deliver.’ One of the main questions
for all Energy companies over the last couple of months has been around uses of cash – building vs
inorganic growth vs shrinking share count – for now, it seems like the SU story is simple on this front on
shrinking share count.
Prime Data. From the GS Prime Desk post close Friday … US Energy stocks collectively were net sold for
a sixth straight week (8 of last 9), driven by short sales outpacing long buys (2 to 1). While oil prices
remain near multi-year highs, on a month/month basis Energy is the most net sold US sector on the Prime
book in both $ and SD terms (-1.9 SDs 1-year), driven almost entirely by short sales – Oil & Gas Refining
& Marketing, and to a lesser extent Oil & Gas Equip & Svcs and Integrated Oil & Gas have been the most
net sold subsectors. Hedge funds are now U/W Energy stocks by -0.4% relative to the Russel 3000 (vs. 5-
year high of +1% O/W seen in July), in the 57th percentile vs. the past year and 82nd percentile vs. the
past five years.

Source: Goldman Sachs FICC, Equities, and Prime Services data as of 2-Oct-26. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 5 Oct 2026.
