Article | 5 October 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  5 October 2026
  RATES SPARK
Rates Spark: Repricing the ECB path
Turmoil in European government bond markets could trigger a further
dovish repricing for the European Central Bank, especially as second-
round inflation risks seem limited. Fiscal plans from Le Pen could ease
French government bond spreads if they contain credible measures to
tackle the issue
Marine Le Pen, the leading candidate to be the next French president, will present a counter budget for
2027 on 6 October
Plenty of room for more dovish ECB pricing
Upward pressure on longer-dated rates remains, which means a dovish turn by the ECB can
trigger more curve steepening. Already we see that the volatility in European government
bond markets is pulling down the short end of the curve. And for good reason. So far, the risk
of a second-round inflation impact has not materialised, and as we’ve argued before, is likely
overestimated by the market. Labour markets are not as tight as in 2022, which should limit
the risk of wage growth pushing inflation higher.
Meanwhile, weaker market sentiment also provides a reason for markets to turn more dovish
on the ECB. Credit spreads are widening, tightening financial conditions, and a weaker growth
outlook should allow a more balance reaction function. Contagion from French government
bonds to other markets also increases financial stability risks, something which the ECB is likely
to wish to mitigate.

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 5 October 2026
2
In contrast, longer-dated rates should continue to feel a push higher, but this should be seen in
a global context and not specific to euro rates. A global repricing of 10yr real rates combined
with lingering supply pressures can keep the long-end elevated. This also adds to the financial
tightening of conditions. So, unless the 10yr UST yield comes down, we shouldn’t expect much
downside for 10yr euro swap rates either.
Presidential frontrunner Le Pen is expected to detail her fiscal
plans
French bonds have started the week with tentative signs of relief as the 10y OAT/Bund spread
tightened more than 4bp to 134bp. Coming from below 90bp at the start of September, that is
still a stretched level reflecting a considerable political risk premium. Marine Le Pen, who most
observers at this point believe will emerge as the winner of next year’s presidential elections, is
due to present a counter budget for 2027 on Tuesday. Last week, she had also touted
a “golden rule” for deficits akin to the German debt brake. Providing details of her fiscal plans
could help stabilise spreads – that is, if they contain plausible measures to tackle the issue.
Without credible numbers, we think the spread could remain in the upper half of the
100–150bp range, as we are also heading into a potential ratings review from Moody’s later
this month. France could then well lose its last double-A rating from one of the three major
rating agencies.  
Tuesday’s events and market view
After French industrial production data and German factory orders in the morning, we
move to eurozone retail sales for August. Consensus sees a slight uptick from 0.6%
year-on-year to 1.0% YoY. From the US we have the trade balance numbers for
August. More interesting could be the various central bank speakers from the Federal
Reserve, ECB and Bank of England. With global 10Y rates testing new highs, markets
will listen for a potential reaction from monetary policy. 
In primary markets, Austria will auction 6yr RAGB and 35yr RAGB bonds for a total of
€1.7bn. The UK will sell £1.25bn of 9yr Gilt Linkers. Germany will auction a new 2yr
Schatz for €6bn. From the US, there is a new 3yr Note auction for $58bn.

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 5 October 2026
3
Author
Michiel Tukker
Senior UK & Eurozone Rates Strategist
michiel.tukker@ing.com
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
