CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICE
Capital Market Outlook
 
 
 
October 5, 2026
All data, projections and opinions are as of the date of this report and subject to change.
IN THIS ISSUE
Macro Strategy—Stronger Growth, Costlier Money: Revised government data show 
the U.S. economy has accelerated despite the tariffs and oil shocks. Real gross domestic 
product (GDP) growth was revised up, and, given modestly higher labor input, productivity 
is expected to show even stronger growth than has been reported. High operating 
leverage alongside strong productivity has benefited corporate profits. Following 
methodological changes, “core” personal consumption expenditures (PCE) inflation 
momentum declined over the past three months. Still, while inflation sensitive to labor 
market conditions eased further, unresolved upside pressures on “acyclical” inflation from 
diesel shortages and rising freight costs threaten to keep overall inflation elevated. The 
rise in bond yields appears caused by a mix of stronger growth and higher premium for 
inflation as well as government debt funding pressures—a less favorable combination 
for risk assets than if rising U.S. productivity alone were lifting the neutral interest rate. 
Market View—Yields, Yen and Iran: What Haunts the “House”: A weaker yen, rising 
Treasury yields and the drawn-out conflict with Iran are all moving counter to Treasury 
Secretary Scott Bessent's policy goals. While the summer intervention helped stabilize 
the yen, its appreciation has been modest and dependent on further intervention/
action from the Bank of Japan (BoJ). At the same time, Treasury yields have climbed 
sharply across the curve, with the MOVE Index subject to the velocity of the bond 
market repricing. 
Abroad, geopolitical risks remain elevated. Delays in reopening the Strait of Hormuz 
and disruptions to Russian refining capacity have kept energy markets tight, particularly 
in diesel. Despite these headwinds, our outlook remains constructive. Ultimately, 
the backstop for the markets is the corporate sector's ability to deliver on earnings 
into 2027.
Thought of the Week—When It Comes to Attracting Foreign Capital, the U.S. 
Remains Exceptional: And the money keeps coming: Both portfolio and foreign direct 
investment (FDI) inflows are running at record levels this year, a dynamic that speaks to 
1) the attractiveness of U.S. assets and 2) the U.S. economy as a place to do business. 
Global investors invested some $942 billion (B) in net purchases of U.S. Equities in the 
12 months to July, the highest rolling 12-month total on record. In Q2, net purchase of 
U.S. Equities soared to $426B, up 62% from the same period a year ago. Meanwhile, 
foreign multinationals invested some $240B into the U.S. in the first six months of this 
year. That is a staggering 103% jump from a year ago; FDI inflows are on track for a 
record year, estimated at $480B for 2026.  
AUTHORS
Chief Investment Office
Macro Strategy Team
Lauren Sanfilippo
Director and Senior Investment Strategist
Joseph Quinlan
Managing Director and Head of Market 
Strategy
MACRO STRATEGY 
MARKET VIEW 
THOUGHT OF THE WEEK 
MARKETS IN REVIEW 
Portfolio Considerations
We view recent volatility as a rolling 
correction rather than the end of 
the cycle. We favor diversified Equity 
exposure, with potential opportunities 
extending beyond Growth to Value, 
Small- and Mid-caps, Non-U.S. Equities 
(especially Emerging Markets), dividend-
focused and thematic strategies.
We favor adjusting portfolios toward 
strategic durations given attractive 
elevated nominal and real yields, and see 
value in high-quality bonds, particularly 
longer-dated municipal bonds. 
Consider broader portfolio 
diversification with potential 
opportunities across industrial metals, 
energy, Real/Tangible Assets, Hedge 
Funds, private markets and global 
strategies to capture themes from AI, 
reindustrialization, infrastructure growth 
and market dispersion.
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (also referred to as “MLPF&S” or “Merrill”) makes available certain 
investment products sponsored, managed, distributed or provided by companies that are affiliates of Bank of America 
Corporation (“BofA Corp.”). MLPF&S is a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, Member SIPC and a wholly 
owned subsidiary of BofA Corp. 
Investment products:
Are Not FDIC Insured
Are Not Bank Guaranteed
May Lose Value
Please see last page for important disclosure information. 
9155634 10/2026

2 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
MACRO STRATEGY 
Stronger Growth, Costlier Money
Chief Investment Office, Macro Strategy Team 
The latest GDP report and annual revisions show a sturdier U.S. economy than previously 
reported. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA), real GDP grew at a 2.2% 
annualized pace in Q2 compared to 1.5% previously estimated, and Q1 was revised 
from 2.1% to 2.5%. Both 2024 and 2025 were also revised slightly higher. Most of the 
first half of the year revision was in categories related to the Artificial Intelligence (AI) 
buildout, but real consumer spending has also been revised slightly higher, accelerating 
from 0.7% annualized growth in Q1 to 3.8% in Q2 despite surging energy prices and 
slow hiring. 
Spending in July and August remained much stronger than labor market conditions alone 
would suggest, also averaging 3.7% annualized growth. Upside revisions to net interest 
income and personal saving suggest households have benefited from more income than 
was previously apparent, with personal saving revised higher back to 2023. The new data, 
according to the BEA, show the January to July 2026 savings rate averaged 4.8% versus 
3.3% prerevision, strengthening consumer spending underpinnings despite moderate 
hiring, high energy prices and rising borrowing costs. 
The BEA update also included inflation methodological changes related to categories 
inflated by the AI boom—such as portfolio management fees and computer software and 
accessories. These improved the inflation picture to some extent—August “core” PCE 
inflation was reduced by 0.3 ppts to 3% YoY, bringing it closer to “core” consumer price 
index inflation, which was 2.5% YoY and 2% on a three-month annualized basis. While still 
above the 2% Federal Reserve (Fed) target, “core” PCE now appears stable at 3% year over 
year since January rather than accelerating. These methodological changes are expected 
to dampen pass-through of AI-related price pressures into “core” inflation and effects of 
stock-market swings on inflation.
They also produced an encouraging improvement in recent PCE inflation momentum. 
Three-month annualized “core” PCE inflation slowed from 4.3% at the peak of tariff 
effects in February to 2.1% in August. For durable goods, this rate was down from 5.8% 
in February to 1.5% in August, and, for services ex-energy and healthcare, it slowed from 
4.2% to 2.2%, for example. Inflation is volatile on a three-month change basis, so it 
remains to be seen whether this moderation continues without further Fed tightening.
For now, the trends in the San Francisco Fed’s cyclical versus acyclical inflation measures 
diverged again in August. As expected, given softening wage growth, prices most sensitive 
to the labor market have eased further. At 3% YoY, this inflation category is down from 
8% in early 2023 and 4.6% two years ago is back to prepandemic levels and is likely 
to ease more (Exhibit 1A). In contrast, supply bottlenecks, high energy prices and other 
industry-specific factors have kept acyclical inflation on an uptrend. As shown in Exhibit 
1B, the relentless increase in freight costs could prolong upside pressure on this category.
The diesel market has tightened in recent months, boosting its price by 70% YoY, 
consistent with Brent oil at around $200 per barrel and large reverberations across 
a wide swath of goods and services prices. A government-policy-related decline in 
available truck drivers is also raising transportation costs more than expected. So are 
tight ocean shipping capacity and longer/more expensive voyages due to the U.S./Iran 
War. Supply-chain stress also increased as companies rushed to front-run potential new 
tariff increases. 
On the positive side for the inflation outlook, unit labor costs (ULC) are up modestly 
as robust productivity growth has absorbed much of the wage growth, limiting a major 
source of domestic inflation. Upside productivity growth revisions are likely to further 
reduce ULC, which could help shift focus from energy and AI-related inflation to 
eventual disinflationary effects once oil and refined fuel prices start to ease. Sustained 
productivity gains would support growth and margins while limiting inflation and the 
need for much higher interest rates. 
Investment Implications
We favor selective Equity exposure 
to companies with durable demand 
and pricing power, while remaining 
cautious about businesses most 
exposed to fuel, freight, and 
financing costs. We would also 
gradually increase long-duration 
exposure. 

3 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
Surging nominal growth has boosted corporate revenues (up 13% YoY in Q2, according to the 
BEA) while contained unit labor costs helped raise margins and profits more than expected. 
With labor costs declining as a share of revenues, investment-related tax incentives and 
rock-bottom net interest expense, pre-tax nonfinancial corporate profits as measured in GDP 
accounts rose 21% YoY in Q2. Total corporate profits after-tax were up 18.2% YoY, according to 
the BEA.  
Surging AI-related imports and investment are keeping the business and profits cycle on 
an uptrend both here and abroad. According to BofA Global Research, the global economic 
cycle backdrop improved further in September, as reflected in a broad-based increase in its 
Global Wave1 indicator. Broadening U.S. manufacturing strength, fueled by ongoing AI-driven 
investment, a healthier orders backlog and low inventories suggest that the expansion has 
room to run—a constructive environment for earnings. Typically, a Global Wave upswing is 
consistent with rising earnings revisions ratios and equity price uptrends. According to the 
Global Wave, global earnings growth expectations remain exceptionally strong.
Still, absent a resolution of war-related energy and transportation disruptions, the same 
industrial strength intensifies inflation pressures. A prolonged supply shock raises the risk of 
restrictive interest rates and weakening economic growth. In this context, the surge in the 
10-year Treasury yield above 5% is starting to reflect more than optimism about U.S. growth 
and strengthening productivity outlook. Oil’s tightest recent correlation with 10-year Treasury 
yields in 35 years suggests a common energy-price thread behind rising yields in developed 
countries.  
Bond market spillovers from normalizing Japan yields and capital repatriation are another 
common thread. Higher yields on foreign sovereign bonds such as in Japan—which has 
escaped stagnation and deflation by intensely pursuing investment-led growth—weaken the 
relative appeal of Treasurys. That distinction matters for portfolios. A yield increase driven 
mainly by durable productivity gains would come with a stronger outlook for future income 
and earnings. A yield increase driven by cost shocks and greater uncertainty raises financing 
costs without the same benefit. 
In sum, the economy remains more resilient than expected, but the bond market is also 
charging more for an uncertain inflation outlook given untethered government debt and 
cooling global demand for Treasurys spurred by geopolitical tensions and Japan capital 
repatriation. The case for much further tightening becomes stronger if wage growth 
strengthens, productivity lags, and unit labor costs reaccelerate, causing cyclical inflation to 
also pick up steam. The case becomes weaker if that measure stays contained while fuel and 
freight pressures recede or rising Treasury yields reduce asset prices and economic growth. 
Exhibit 1: Softer Cyclical/Higher Acyclical Inflation Keeps “Core” PCE at 3% Year Through August.
A) Cooling wage pressures ease cyclical inflation (housing, food services and accommodation, 
etc.).
B) Surge in U.S. AI-related imports, tariff front-running, shipping disruptions and fuel- price 
spike feed acyclical inflation.
 
 
*Z-score = number of standard deviations from the mean of a data set. **Inflation driven by wage growth and unemployment gap. Exhibit 1A) Source: Bureau of Economic Analysis; San 
Francisco Federal Reserve/Haver Analytics. Data  as of September 30, 2026. Exhibit 1B) Source: Baltic; San Francisco Federal Reserve/Haver Analytics. Data as of September 30, 2026. Past 
performance is no guarantee of future results. Please refer to index definitions at the end of this report. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
1 BofA Global Research Global Wave is an indicator that quantifies global economic trends, and it is used to forecast stock market 
performance.

4 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
MARKET VIEW
Yields, Yen and Iran: What Haunts the “House” 
Lauren Sanfilippo, Director and Senior Investment Strategist
Joseph Quinlan, Managing Director and Head of Market Strategy 
We recently highlighted the three-front challenge facing Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent: 
engineering a stronger yen, containing the 10-year Treasury yield and securing a diplomatic 
resolution to the conflict with Iran.
Bessent recently has delivered one of the year’s more memorable lines while discussing 
Treasury policy and the yen: “I have asymmetric information. I am the house now.”2 Yet several 
challenges remain: the 10-year Treasury yield is near levels last seen in the early 2000s, the 
yen remains structurally weaker, and a phased agreement to reopen the Strait of Hormuz 
appears remote. The resulting strain on energy markets keeps inflation risks elevated. 
Put differently, oil prices, Treasury yields and the dollar-yen exchange rate are all trending 
against Bessent’s objectives. Below, we examine how each variable is haunting his “house.”
Haunting the “House” is the Yen. Since the U.S. and Japan mounted a record $98.7B 
coordinated intervention in late July after the yen weakened to a 40-year low near 164 per 
dollar, the currency has appreciated roughly 4% against the dollar. The move was further 
supported on September 18 when the BoJ raised rates by 25 basis points (bps) to 1.25%, 
their highest level since the mid-1990s (Exhibit 2A). However, the split 7–2 vote and Governor 
Ueda’s limited forward guidance leave the path of further tightening uncertain. The key 
question is whether additional BoJ hikes can produce sustained appreciation in the yen, or 
merely reinforce the temporary relief provided by the summer intervention.
Bessent, meanwhile, has repeatedly signaled his preference for a stronger yen. Partly because 
yen stability is also a U.S. financing concern. Persistent currency weakness could prompt 
Japan to support its currency by selling foreign assets, including U.S. Treasurys—which would 
be an unwelcome prospect as Washington partially relies on foreign capital flows to fund its 
large fiscal deficits. That potential “haunts” the Treasury Secretary.  At precisely the moment 
Washington needs foreign capital to finance its enormous fiscal deficits, it would be inopportune 
for one of America’s largest creditors to become a significant seller of Treasury securities.
Exhibit 2: Charting the “Yentervention” and U.S. Treasury Yields Surge Across the Curve.
A) The Yen Regains Some Strength.
B) 5-Year Forward Yields Hold Above 5%.
 
 
Exhibit 2A) Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 30, 2026. Exhibit 2B) Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 30, 2026.
Haunting the “House” are Yields. The surge in yields runs counter to a White House intent 
on lowering borrowing costs. The benchmark 10-year yield has broken above the 5% threshold 
and climbed to levels not seen since 2007. At around 5.30%, it stands more than a full 
percentage point above where it began the year (Exhibit 2B). The level is striking but so is the 
speed of the move: Stronger-than-expected economic data, including a survey showing U.S. 
2 September 8, 2026.
Investment Implications
While some key variables are 
complicating the macro backdrop 
(i.e., higher-for-longer yields/oil) 
the combination of strong earnings 
growth, robust consumer demand 
(real final sales to private domestic 
purchasers grew at 4.6% for Q2) and 
ongoing capital investment suggests 
that the fundamental backdrop for 
U.S. Equities remains constructive.

5 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
business activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than five years, helped trigger an 18 
bps surge in the 10-year yield—among its largest daily moves in decades. The 5-year yield also 
topped 5% for the first time since 2007, while the 30-year yield reached 5.63%, its highest 
level since 2002.
Compounding the move is inflation, running above the Fed’s 2% target for 67 months, 
large fiscal deficits and the prospect of continued growth in Treasury issuance. Against this 
backdrop, Treasury bought back $4.1 billion of long-dated debt, versus a maximum of $6 
billion. That effort has done little to arrest the selloff. A subsequent auction priced nearly $4 
billion of 7-year notes at 5.085%, the highest yield for that maturity in 33 years. 
All in, the MOVE index, a key gauge of Treasury market volatility, jumped from 78 to 95 on 
Wednesday September 23 and then to 104 the following day, its highest level since the early 
days of the Iran war (Exhibit 3A). 
Haunting the “House” is the Iran conflict. Early expectations that military pressure and 
economic sanctions would quickly bring Iran to the negotiating table have yet to materialize. 
Iranian officials have signaled that a full reopening of the Strait of Hormuz remains unlikely 
while sanctions stay in place. Although talks between Washington and Tehran are continuing, 
conflicting signals and lingering skepticism from both sides have kept tensions elevated. 
As a result, oil prices have remained elevated in a range even as some Middle East supply 
disruptions began to ease.
Startling is that Brent crude is up more than 60% this year, but refined product prices 
have risen even faster. Ongoing disruptions to energy flows through the Strait of Hormuz, 
combined with Ukrainian strikes on Russian refining infrastructure have tightened global 
supplies of crude oil and refined fuels. Saudi Arabia has restored some drone-disrupted flows, 
providing roughly 3.5 million barrels a day of relief (roughly 3% of global consumption). 
The squeeze is mostly acute in diesel markets, where inventories remain constrained and 
prices continue to climb (Exhibit 3B). U.S. diesel prices recently surpassed $6.50 per gallon, 
the highest level on record, just as Russia has extended restrictions on diesel exports into 
October. Against this backdrop, proposals to ban U.S. fuel exports risks worsening the 
imbalance. According to S&P Global, an export ban could reduce refinery runs by nearly 2 
million barrels per day and significantly cut gasoline production, potentially driving gasoline 
and jet fuel prices even higher. As long as tensions persist, the oil impulse remains a key 
impediment to structurally lower inflation.
Investment implications. Treasury Secretary Bessent increasingly sits at the intersection of 
monetary policy, fiscal policy, foreign policy and national security. We remain constructive on 
the U.S. economy and overweight U.S. Equities but are watching as these fronts challenge the 
narrative. There is a great deal riding on the “house” versus the key macro variables of today.
Exhibit 3: Pulse Check on: Equity/Bond Volatility and Diesel/Gasoline Prices.
A) Bond and Equity Market Volatility Diverge.
B) Pain at the Pump: Diesel Prices Surge Ahead of Gasoline.
 
 
Exhibit 3A) Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 22, 2026. Exhibit 2B) Source: Bloomberg. Data as of September 25, 2026. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Please 
refer to index definitions at the end of this report. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.

6 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
THOUGHT OF THE WEEK
When It Comes to Attracting Foreign Capital, the U.S. Remains Exceptional
Joseph Quinlan, Managing Director and Head of Market Strategy 
There may be no better vote of confidence in a country than the willingness of 
foreigners to put their money there. And by that measurement, the U.S. remains the 
exception—both portfolio and FDI inflows are currently running at record highs based 
on the latest data. This dynamic is one key reason why we remain constructive on U.S. 
assets over the longer term. 
Notwithstanding all the handwringing about America’s fiscal deficits, tariffs and rising 
government debt, global investors sunk some $942B in net purchases of U.S. Equities in 
the 12 months to July, the highest rolling 12-month total on record. In Q2, net purchase 
of U.S. Equities soared to $426B, up 62% from the same period a year ago (Exhibit 4A). 
By country, flows were down from China—not surprisingly—but strong from Taiwan and 
South Korea, who have taken to recycling their massive AI-generated trade surplus back 
into the U.S. In the end, strong portfolio inflows suggest that international investors 
remain willing to increase their exposure to the world's largest capital market—that’s 
bullish for U.S. assets.
Meanwhile, Exhibit 4B highlights the growing push among foreign multinationals to be 
inside the U.S., with FDI inflows totaling nearly $240B in the first six months of this year. 
That is a staggering 103% jump from a year ago and means FDI inflows are on track for 
a record year, estimated at $480B for 2026. 
There are multiple factors behind surging inflows: One, due to rising U.S. trade 
protectionism, foreign multinationals increasingly want to be “inside” the U.S. economy, 
not outside. Two, within the $32 trillion-plus economy with extraordinarily consumer 
purchasing power, foreign firms prefer to be closer to their customers via investment 
than just trade (exports). Three, America’s massive investment cycle in AI, data centers, 
semiconductors, power generation, etc., has created numerous potential investment 
opportunities for many foreign firms that don’t want to miss out on America’s surging 
capex cycle. Four, and finally, abundant energy supplies, deep capital markets and a highly 
developed technological ecosystem have also induced more FDI inflows.  
In the end, double-barreled capital inflows speak to the absolute and relative 
attractiveness of the U.S. economy and capital markets. Stay invested in America—the 
rest of the world is.
Exhibit 4: U.S. Exceptionalism: Record Inflows of Portfolio and FDI Inflows.
A) Net Foreign Purchases of US Equities and Investment Funds.
B) FDI Inflows to the U.S.
 
 
*Annualized. Exhibit 4A) Source: U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. Data as of September 24, 2026. Exhibit 4B) Source: U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis. Data as of September 24, 2026. Past 
performance is no guarantee of future results. 
Investment Implications
Foreign investors remain keen on 
owning and being “inside” the U.S. That 
is bullish for U.S. securities, both near-
term and long-term. 

7 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
MARKETS IN REVIEW
Equities
Equities
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
WTD
MTD
YTD
DJIA
 51,176.96 
-1.3
0.5
7.8
NASDAQ
 27,190.86 
0.5
1.2
17.5
S&P 500
 7,722.72 
-0.2
0.9
13.8
S&P 400 Mid Cap
 3,668.01 
0.6
2.0
12.1
Russell 2000
 2,832.90 
-0.1
1.3
15.2
MSCI World
 4,926.25 
-0.6
0.5
12.3
MSCI EAFE
 3,095.35 
-1.5
-1.0
9.3
MSCI Emerging Markets
 1,708.91 
-1.2
0.2
23.7
Fixed Income†
Fixed Income
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
WTD
MTD
YTD
Corporate & Government
5.44
-0.54
0.01
-2.83
Agencies
5.22
-0.25
0.05
-1.14
Municipals
4.63
0.45
1.02
-3.20
U.S. Investment-Grade Credit
5.56
-0.60
0.05
-2.86
International
6.05
-0.70
-0.01
-3.13
High Yield
8.29
-0.65
0.04
0.14
90 Day Yield
4.09
4.17
4.11
3.63
2 Year Yield
4.82
4.85
4.89
3.47
10 Year Yield
5.27
5.16
5.28
4.17
30 Year Yield
5.62
5.49
5.63
4.84
Commodities & Currencies
Commodities
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
WTD
MTD
YTD
Bloomberg Commodity
366.42
-1.9
-0.2
32.6
WTI Crude $/Barrel††
91.11
-1.4
0.8
58.7
Gold Spot $/Ounce††
4141.19
-3.4
-0.4
-4.1
Currencies
Total Return in USD (%)
Current
Prior 
Week End
Prior 
Month End
2025 
Year End
EUR/USD
1.13
1.14
1.13
1.17
USD/JPY
157.85
157.28
157.41
156.71
USD/CNH
6.71
6.72
6.71
6.98
S&P Sector Returns
 
Sources: Bloomberg, Factset. Total Returns from the period of 
09/28/2026 to10/2/2026. †Bloomberg Barclays Indices. ††Spot 
price returns. All data as of the 10/2/2026 close. Data would differ 
if a different time period was displayed. Short-term performance 
shown to illustrate more recent trend. Past performance is no 
guarantee of future results. 
Economic Forecasts (as of 10/2/2026)
Economic Forecasts
Q1 2026A
Q2 2026A
Q3 2026E
Q4 2026E
2026E
2027E
Real global GDP (% y/y annualized)
-
-
-
-
3.3
3.4
Real U.S. GDP (% q/q annualized)
2.5
2.2
2.4*
2.3
2.2
2.2
CPI inflation (% y/y)
2.7
3.8
3.4*
3.7
3.4
2.6
Core CPI inflation (% y/y)
2.5
2.7
2.5*
2.6
2.6
2.6
Unemployment rate (%)
4.3
4.3
4.2*
4.2
4.2
4.1
Fed funds rate, end period (%) 
3.63
3.63
3.88
4.38
4.38
4.38
The forecasts in the table above are the base line view from BofA Global Research. The Global Wealth & Investment 
Management (GWIM) Investment Strategy Committee (ISC) may make adjustments to this view over the course of 
the year and can express upside/downside to these forecasts. Historical data is sourced from Bloomberg, FactSet, and 
Haver Analytics. There can be no assurance that the forecasts will be achieved. Economic or financial forecasts 
are inherently limited and should not be relied on as indicators of future investment performance. 
A = Actual. E/* = Estimate. Data as of October 2, 2026.
Sources: BofA Global Research; GWIM ISC as of October 2, 2026. 
Asset Class Weightings (as of 9/1/2026)
Asset Class
CIO View  
Underweight 
Neutral 
Overweight
Global Equities
U.S. Large-cap Growth
U.S. Large-cap Value
U.S. Small-cap Growth
U.S. Small-cap Value
International Developed
Emerging Markets
Global Fixed Income
U.S. Governments
U.S. Mortgages
U.S. Corporates
International Fixed 
Income
High Yield
U.S. Investment-grade  
Tax Exempt
U.S. High Yield Tax 
Exempt
Cash
CIO asset class views are relative to the CIO Strategic Asset Allocation (SAA) of a multi-asset portfolio. 
Source: Chief Investment Office as of September 1, 2026. All sector and asset allocation recommendations must be 
considered in the context of an individual investor’s goals, time horizon, liquidity needs and risk tolerance. Not all 
recommendations will be in the best interest of all investors.
CIO Equity Sector Views
Sector
CIO View  
Underweight 
Neutral 
Overweight
Industrials
Financials
Healthcare
Consumer 
Discretionary
Information 
Technology
Energy
Materials
Utilities
Communication 
Services
Real Estate
Consumer 
Staples

8 of 8 October 5, 2026 – Capital Market Outlook
RETURN TO FIRST PAGE
Index Definitions 
Securities indexes assume reinvestment of all distributions and interest payments. Indexes are unmanaged and do not take into account fees or expenses. It is not possible to 
invest directly in an index. Indexes are all based in U.S. dollars.
S&P 500 Index is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States.
ICE BofA MOVE Index is a market-implied measure of U.S. bond market volatility.
Consumer Price Index measures the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services.
Baltic Dry Index is a daily shipping and trade index published by the Baltic Exchange in London that measures the cost of moving raw materials like iron ore, coal, and grain by sea.
Volatility Index (VIX) is a real-time market indicator that measures the stock market's expected volatility over the next 30 days.
Important Disclosures 
Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
Bank of America, Merrill, their affiliates and advisors do not provide legal, tax or accounting advice. Clients should consult their legal and/or tax advisors before making any financial decisions.
This material does not take into account a client’s particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs and is not intended as a recommendation, offer, or solicitation for the purchase 
or sale of any security or investment strategy. Merrill offers a broad range of brokerage, investment advisory and other services. There are important differences between brokerage and 
investment advisory services, including the type of advice and assistance provided, the fees charged, and the rights and obligations of the parties. It is important to understand the differences, 
particularly when determining which service or services to select. For more information about these services and their differences, speak with your Merrill financial advisor.
This information should not be construed as investment advice and is subject to change. It is provided for informational purposes only and is not intended to be either a specific offer by Bank 
of America, Merrill or any affiliate to sell or provide, or a specific invitation for a consumer to apply for, any particular retail financial product or service that may be available.
The Chief Investment Office (“CIO”) provides thought leadership on wealth management, investment strategy and global markets; portfolio management solutions; due diligence; and solutions 
oversight and data analytics. CIO viewpoints are developed for Bank of America Private Bank, a division of Bank of America, N.A., (“Bank of America”) and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith 
Incorporated (“MLPF&S” or “Merrill”), a registered broker-dealer, registered investment adviser and a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation ("BofA Corp.").
The Global Wealth & Investment Management Investment Strategy Committee (“GWIM ISC”) is responsible for developing and coordinating recommendations for short-term and long-term 
investment strategy and market views encompassing markets, economic indicators, asset classes and other market-related projections affecting GWIM.
BofA Global Research is research produced by BofA Securities, Inc. (“BofAS”) and/or one or more of its affiliates. BofAS is a registered broker-dealer, Member SIPC and wholly owned subsidiary 
of Bank of America Corporation.
All recommendations must be considered in the context of an individual investor’s goals, time horizon, liquidity needs and risk tolerance. Not all recommendations will be in the best interest 
of all investors.
Asset allocation, diversification and rebalancing do not ensure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets.
Investments have varying degrees of risk. Some of the risks involved with equity securities include the possibility that the value of the stocks may fluctuate in response to events specific to 
the companies or markets, as well as economic, political or social events in the U.S. or abroad. Small cap and mid cap companies pose special risks, including possible illiquidity and greater 
price volatility than funds consisting of larger, more established companies. Investing in fixed-income securities may involve certain risks, including the credit quality of individual issuers, 
possible prepayments, market or economic developments and yields and share price fluctuations due to changes in interest rates. When interest rates go up, bond prices typically drop, and 
vice versa. Investments in high-yield bonds (sometimes referred to as “junk bonds”) offer the potential for high current income and attractive total return, but involves certain risks. Changes in 
economic conditions or other circumstances may adversely affect a junk bond issuer’s ability to make principal and interest payments. Income from investing in municipal bonds is generally 
exempt from Federal and state taxes for residents of the issuing state. While the interest income is tax-exempt, any capital gains distributed are taxable to the investor. Income for some 
investors may be subject to the Federal Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). Treasury bills are less volatile than longer-term fixed income securities and are guaranteed as to timely payment of 
principal and interest by the U.S. government. Bonds are subject to interest rate, inflation and credit risks. Investments in foreign securities (including ADRs) involve special risks, including 
foreign currency risk and the possibility of substantial volatility due to adverse political, economic or other developments. These risks are magnified for investments made in emerging 
markets. Investments in a certain industry or sector may pose additional risk due to lack of diversification and sector concentration. There are special risks associated with an investment in 
commodities, such as gold, including market price fluctuations, regulatory changes, interest rate changes, credit risk, economic changes and the impact of adverse political or financial factors. 
Investing directly in Master Limited Partnerships, foreign equities, commodities or other investment strategies discussed in this document, may not be available to, or appropriate for, clients 
who receive this document. However, these investments may exist as part of an underlying investment strategy within exchange-traded funds and mutual funds.
© 2026 Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.
