06 October 2026
Chief Economist's
Corner: Resilience
Marketing communication
Helge J. Pedersen
Despite wars and trade policy tensions, the pace of the global economy has
not slowed. Quite the contrary, in fact — but resilience is being tested by
higher interest rates.
Despite the war in the Middle East, higher energy prices, continued tensions in international trade, and tighter
ﬁnancial conditions, there is fortunately no indication that the global economy is heading into a signiﬁcant
slowdown. This remarkable resilience is due in part to substantial investments in artiﬁcial intelligence, the
defence industry, and the green and digital transition — investments that are expected to increase further in
the coming years, not least in Europe.
Against this backdrop, growth expectations have also been revised slightly upward in most of the autumn
forecasts currently being published by banks, ministries, central banks, and international organisations. There
appears to be broad consensus that global economic growth both this year and next will be around 3%, or
close to trend growth. However, there is also agreement that there is considerable uncertainty surrounding
the outcome.
This is due not least to the fragile geopolitical situation. The conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine weigh
most heavily, but they do not stand alone. We need only look at China's ambitions regarding Taiwan,
Argentina's renewed claim to the Falkland Islands, and the now hopefully resolved situation surrounding
Greenland to understand that geopolitics has taken on a new and dierent role in shaping the economic
outlook than has been the case for many years.
In the current situation, the blockade of the Strait of Hormuz and military actions targeting shipping in the
Red Sea and oil facilities in the aected countries have an immediate impact in the form of longer delivery
times, rising freight rates, and signiﬁcantly higher energy and commodity prices. This increases cost pressures
on businesses and hits households in the wallet. Added to this are the consequences of the drought that
struck Europe over the summer, which further increases pressure on consumer prices.
corporate.nordea.com/article/104568/chief-economists-corner-resilience

The mounting inflationary pressure is the primary reason why the ECB has already raised interest rates twice
this year by ¼ percentage point each time. It is highly likely that the central bank will raise rates further in its
eorts to anchor inflation expectations around the 2% target. The bank is particularly concerned that higher
inflation may also give rise to so-called second-round eects, where wages and proﬁt margins also begin to
rise.
As is well known, the Danish National Bank follows the ECB through thick and thin, which means that higher
interest rates are also on the horizon here at home.
In the US, the Fed has also raised rates to curb inflation — and this was actually good news, as the decision
cemented the central bank's independence at a time when President Trump has done his best to demand that
rates be cut rather than raised.
The fact that the new Fed Chair, Kevin Warsh, thereby dispelled any suspicion that he was the president's
puppet has also restored some conﬁdence in the US dollar, which has strengthened since the rate hike. And
there is little doubt that we have not seen the last rate hike from the Fed in this cycle either.
Long-term interest rates have risen to their highest levels in the past 15–20 years in most Western countries,
and there is no reason to expect signiﬁcant declines in the long end of the yield curve within any foreseeable
time horizon — unless a deep crisis hits the global economy.
On one hand, ﬁnancing needs — and thus the competition for capital — are rising sharply, for public spending
and investment, but also for private investment in artiﬁcial intelligence. On the other hand, there remains
uncertainty surrounding the sustainability of government debt in a number of large countries, which increases
the premium on investing in government bonds. This applies not least to the US, but also to European
countries such as the UK, France, and Italy, which are struggling to meet demands for signiﬁcantly higher
defence spending, while expenditures related to demographic pressures, interest payments on debt, and
combating the climate crisis continue to mount.
Nevertheless, I am of the view that the resilience of the global economy will prove to be sustainable. This
is ﬁrstly because I suspect that interest rates are not yet high enough to put the economy into reverse. And
secondly, because the forces set to drive development in the coming years are powerful and enduring —
namely the enormous investments in defence and security as well as artiﬁcial intelligence. What that will
ultimately lead to over the even longer term will be interesting to follow. Hopefully, something good.
Helge J. Pedersen
Group Chief Economist
helge.pedersen@nordea.com
+4555471532
corporate.nordea.com/article/104568/chief-economists-corner-resilience

 
 
 
 
 
 
DISCLAIMERNordea Markets is the commercial name for Nordea’s international capital markets operation. The information provided herein is intended for background information only and for the sole use of the intended recipient. The views and other information provided herein are the current views of Nordea Markets as of the date of this document and are subj
ect to change without notice. This notice is not an exhaustive description of the described 
product or the risks related to it, and it should not be relied on as such, nor is it a substitute for the judgement of the recipient. The information provided her
ein is not intended to constitute and does not constitute investment advice nor is the 
information intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any financial instrument. The information contained herein has no regard to the specific inv
estment objectives, the financial situation or particular needs of any 
particular recipient. Relevant and specific professional advice should always be obtained before making any investment or credit decision. It is important to note that past performance 
is not indicative of future results. 
Nordea Markets is not and does not purport to be an adviser as to legal, taxation, accounting or regulatory matters in any jurisdiction. This document may not be reproduced, distributed or published for any purpose wi
thout the prior written consent from 
Nordea Markets.In the United States, to the extent that this publication or report includes an analysis of the price or market for any derivative and is not otherwise exempt from the applicable U.S. Commodity Futures T
rading Commission (CFTC) 
regulations, it is approved for distribution in the United States to US persons that are eligible contract participants from a CFTC perspective. Nordea Bank Abp is a provisionally registered swap dealer with the CFTC. Any derivativ
es 
transactions with US persons must be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Dodd
-Frank Wall Street 
Reform and Consumer Protection Act.Nordea Bank Abp, Satamaradankatu 5, FI
-00020 NORDEA, Finland, domicile Helsinki, Business ID 2858394
- 9 
Fu rther information on Nordea available on 
www.nordea.com
