 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Middle East war sharpens focus on ASEAN energy security plans 
Southeast Asian energy ministers meeting in Manila this week face the prospect of a prolonged Middle East war that has 
exposed the region's vulnerabilities to imported energy. 
As the US-Israeli war against Iran drags on, there is increased urgency for ASEAN to implement its proposed energy 
security plans and reduce its exposure to price shocks caused by attacks on infrastructure and shipping routes in the 
Middle East.  
ASEAN imports more than half of the crude for its refineries from the Middle East at a time when global benchmark 
prices are around $100 a barrel. The conflict has also sharpened concerns about broader energy security risks as Chinese 
refiners have suspended oil product exports for October. 
Against that backdrop, energy ministers meeting in Manila are expected to review regional fuel-security measures 
launched after emergency talks earlier this year, including efforts to put into effect coordinated emergency responses 
under the ASEAN Framework Agreement on Petroleum Security (APSA). 
Long-term initiatives, including the ASEAN Power Grid and renewable-energy deployment, are also on the agenda. 
“What the crisis brought was a sharper focus on resiliency,” Philippine Energy Undersecretary Felix Fuentebella told 
Reuters on October 1, saying energy security had moved from a technical issue to a priority for ASEAN ministers and 
leaders.  
 
LOWER EARNINGS 
The higher prices are raising the costs for the region's households and eating into the earnings of transport workers.  
“We hardly take anything home anymore,” said Antonio Bandin, a Manila jeepney driver who joined a protest last week 
over rising fuel prices. His working fuel bill has more than doubled to about 2,400 pesos ($38) per day. 
The ASEAN Centre for Energy warned in a policy paper that a severe disruption to Middle East supplies could place oil 
volumes equivalent to nearly 28% of ASEAN's final oil consumption at risk, underscoring the need for stronger regional 
petroleum-security arrangements. 
But the region's insufficient storage capacity and inventories remain obstacles to implementing APSA, Alloysius Joko 
Purwanto, senior energy economist at the Economic Research Institute for ASEAN and East Asia, warned on Friday 
during a webinar hosted by the Center for Strategic and International Studies. 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
Energy Secretary Sharon Garin has said the Philippines, which remains under a national energy emergency, is exploring 
regional fuel-stockpiling arrangements and could host future storage projects. 
But analysts cautioned that such measures are unlikely to affect the present crisis. 
“This is more about preparing for the next crisis. A reserve is a buffer. It is not a strategy,” Christopher Len, a senior 
fellow at the ISEAS-Yusof Ishak Institute, said in the same webinar, referring to regional stockpiling initiatives.  
Ministers are also expected to discuss ways to reduce long-term dependence on imported fuels. Renewable energy, 
electric vehicles, and energy efficiency are expected to feature prominently. 
The International Energy Agency estimates Southeast Asia's energy import bill could rise from more than $80 billion in 
2024 to about $245 billion by 2035 without structural change.  
The IEA said wider electrification, including electric vehicles and biofuels, would help curb oil demand and reduce 
exposure to volatile fuel imports, while cross-border links under the ASEAN Power Grid that would integrate the region's 
electrical network will require about $27 billion in investment by 2040. 
“We should actually use this shock as a lesson to reduce exposure, not only to cushion it,” Len said. 
 
Oil market turmoil could last for years, executives say 
Shipping bottlenecks, deep cuts in refinery output and inventory draws that could take years to replace will keep global 
oil prices high beyond this year, industry executives said at a conference in London on Monday.  
Following the start of the US-Israeli war on Iran at the end of February, Iran effectively closed the Strait of Hormuz, 
choking exports through one of the world's most crucial shipping bottlenecks. 
The impact has been compounded by attacks on oil and gas infrastructure, hampering production and adding to the 
disruption of exports of crude oil and refined fuels.  
"I think it is going to be bedlam for the bulk of the end of the year and maybe 2027," Petronas CEO Tengku Muhammad 
Taufik said. 
In his first conference address since the start of the Iran war, Amin Nasser, chief executive of the world's biggest oil 
company Saudi Aramco, told the Energy Intelligence Forum in London it could take up to two years to refill global 
stockpiles drawn on as an emergency measure. 
"Until Hormuz fully re-opens and confidence returns, the crude reality is that pressure at both ends of the barrel will 
intensify. Even then, replenishing inventories while meeting demand could take up to two years," he said. Both ends of 
the barrel refers to unrefined crude and refined products, such as diesel and jet fuel 
He added that 3 billion barrels have been lost since the start of the conflict, and 1 billion barrels have been withdrawn 
from global inventories. 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
 
SIX MILLION BPD FUEL IS MISSING 
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation CEO Shaikh Nawaf Al-Sabah said the focus was on moving more refined fuels to global 
markets and restoring Middle East refineries to full production as the impact of the Iran war has left the world with a 
shortfall of 6 million barrels per day of refined products.  
"There is not enough refining capacity in world to make up for shuttered capacity in Middle East Gulf," Shaikh Nawaf 
said. 
Kuwait's crude oil exports have held up at around 1 million bpd this year despite the war-related disruptions, even as 
production has fallen from around 2.6 million bpd to 2 million bpd, Al-Sabah told the conference. 
 
DEMAND RECOVERY BEYOND NEXT YEAR 
ConocoPhillips' Executive Chair Ryan Lance said it could be 2028 or 2029 before global oil demand recovers from dipping 
this year due to the current crisis, but added it would grow after that. 
The oil price floor for US benchmark WTI crude will rise to around $70 per barrel, Lance said, with a mid-cycle price of 
$65 to $70 per barrel. 
Should prices remain strong, US oil production could exceed 14 million to 14.5 million barrels per day, he said. He did 
not specify what he meant by strong. 
Brent crude futures traded just above $100 per barrel on Monday, while WTI was close to $90 per barrel.
 
 
EXCLUSIVE-Niger or Nigeria? India probes soybean imports over suspected tax evasion, sources say 
Indian customs authorities are investigating a surge in soybean imports declared as originating in Niger, suspecting the 
cargoes came from Nigeria and were mislabelled to evade import tariffs, according to sources and a customs letter seen 
by Reuters. 
Niger was the biggest declared supplier of soybeans to India in the first seven months of this year, trade ministry data 
showed, despite producing no significant quantity of the oilseed. 
India allows duty-free imports from countries categorised as least-developed, such as Niger, which produces less than 
100 metric tons of soybeans a year, according to assessments within Africa's soybean milling industry.  
Neighbouring Nigeria, by contrast, is Africa's leading producer and exporter of the oilseed, although it ranks much lower 
globally. 
Top News - Agriculture 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
Customs authorities are asking importers to prove that soybean shipments declared as originating in Niger qualify for 
duty-free treatment, two government and two industry sources aware of the matter said. 
Importers would have to pay the full 45% import tariff if the cargoes are found to have been mislabelled, the sources 
said. 
 
IMPORTS 'EXCEED USUAL LEVELS OF PRODUCTION' IN NIGER 
The development highlights India's reliance on imported soybeans after a hit to domestic production from dry 
conditions following last year's floods. It could create an opportunity for Togo and Benin to expand soybean exports to 
India through official channels. 
India's soybean imports surged to a record 909,606 tons in the first seven months of 2026 from just 1,996 tons a year 
earlier, while shipments declared as originating in Niger rose to 380,868 tons from zero, trade ministry data showed. 
"The production data of soybeans in Niger is very much less. Therefore, it appears that import quantity exceeds the 
usual levels of production and export capacity of Niger," the customs department said in notices sent to importers and 
seen by Reuters. 
Indian customs authorities had cleared the consignments after importers submitted documents required for duty-free 
clearance, including certificates of origin and phytosanitary certificates issued by Niger, the sources said. 
Niger is landlocked, and soybean shipments from the country can be routed through neighbouring Nigeria. 
Customs authorities have asked importers to provide details of inland transportation, including transit permits issued 
for cargo moving from Niger. 
 
'NOT POSSIBLE FOR US TO PHYSICALLY TRAVEL TO AFRICA'  
Indian importers said they did not have some of the details sought by customs and had asked their overseas suppliers to 
provide the records. 
"We imported the soybeans after suppliers told us they originated in Niger and provided all the necessary documents," 
said an importer who received a customs notice. 
"It is not possible for us to physically travel to Africa to verify the origin ourselves," the importer said. 
Indian importers began receiving the notices late last month and have since stopped purchasing soybeans declared as 
originating in Niger, a Dubai-based exporter said. 
Goods that have landed at ports and are now in transit are likely to get stuck, as neither importers nor exporters want 
to pay the 45% duty, the exporter said. 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
US farmers harvest 23% of corn, 25% of soy crops, USDA says 
US farmers have harvested 23% of their corn and 25% of their soybeans, below the average pace over the past five 
years, the US Department of Agriculture said on Monday. 
While rain has significantly slowed progress in parts of the western Midwest, particularly in Iowa, weather forecasts call 
for dry weather for much of this week across the central US. That drier weather could help improve the pace of harvest, 
market analysts said. 
Iowa's soybean harvest was 5% complete as of Sunday, well behind the state's 2021-2025 average of 38%, and its corn 
harvest was 7% complete, below the average of 20%, USDA said in a weekly report. 
Iowa is the largest US corn producer and the No. 2 soy-growing state. 
Analysts, on average, expected corn harvesting to be 26% complete and soybean harvesting to be 29% complete, a 
Reuters poll showed. 
A week ago, farmers had harvested 18% of the nation's corn crop and 17% of soybeans, according to USDA. 
The agency rated 54% of the corn crop in good-to-excellent condition as of Sunday, down three percentage points from 
a week earlier, while analysts on average had expected a drop of only one point.  
The USDA also rated 57% of the soybean crop in good-to-excellent condition as of Sunday, one point lower than a week 
earlier and in line with analyst expectations.  
For winter wheat, plantings were 36% complete, up from 27% a week ago but below the five-year average of 46%, USDA 
said. 
Analysts, on average, had expected USDA to report winter wheat planting was 43% complete. 
Because the USDA's year-ago reports were canceled due to a government shutdown, USDA said the five-year averages 
in Monday's progress report were based on published data for 2021-2024 and USDA's estimates for the 40th week of 
2025. 
USDA said in its report that, "Due to a lapse in federal funding in October and November 2025, the Crop Progress 
reports for the weeks ending October 5, 2025, through November 9, 2025, were canceled. Therefore, previous year 
estimates for the corresponding weeks will not be available." 
The agency also said that its five-year average estimates for that period will reflect the years 2021-2025 using published 
estimates for 2021-2024 and estimates for 2025. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
 
 
Gold retains key reserve status despite surging bond yields, central bankers say 
Gold remains a strategic reserve asset as concerns over rising government debt and geopolitical instability boost its 
appeal as a haven from risk, two central bankers said on Monday, even after this year's surge in bond yields.  
Gold prices typically retreat as yields rise, boosting the opportunity cost of holding non-interest bearing assets.  
This year however, while prices are indeed down around 4% as US Treasury yields have jumped to multi-decade peaks, 
they have remained relatively well-supported by central bank buying and safe-haven demand, keeping prices above 
$4,000, analysts say. 
"Gold is a safe haven asset, probably the safe haven asset, as proven by its performance over time and across a broad 
range of crises," Sergio Nicoletti Altimari, deputy governor of the Bank of Italy, told the London Bullion Market 
Association's annual conference in Sorrento, Italy. 
"This role is particularly relevant today in an environment of high geopolitical risk and concerns about economic 
fragmentation." 
Bundesbank President Joachim Nagel said rising yields were increasing the relative attractiveness of bonds among 
reserve asset managers. 
However, the case for diversification into gold remains significant given continued geopolitical stress and the credit risk 
associated with high debt levels, he added. 
 
ITALIAN CENTRAL BANKER FLAGS STRUCTURAL SHIFT IN GOLD MARKET 
While gold demand from central banks is expected to slow by 15% year-on-year to 720 metric tons in 2026, according to 
consultancy Metals Focus's June forecast, it is slated to hold above pre-2022 levels.  
Altimari said the gold market had undergone a structural shift since 2022, driven by central-bank purchases in emerging 
economies. 
He said demand had also been supported by concerns over high public debt and fiscal expansion, weakening gold's 
traditional inverse relationship with real bond yields. 
"These forces became particularly evident last year and early this year when the traditional relationship between gold 
and real yields weakened significantly," he said. 
The gold market has experienced profound shifts in its demand structure and pricing framework in recent years, 
Shanghai Gold Exchange vice president Zeng Hui told the conference. 
Top News - Metals 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
In top gold consumer China, the market is increasingly being driven by investment demand and institutional investors, 
with bar-and-coin purchases surpassing jewellery consumption for the first time in 2025, he said. 
 
Gold to hit fresh record highs in 2027, investment demand to drive gains, Metals Focus says 
Gold prices are expected to reach fresh all-time highs in 2027 as investors seek alternatives to traditional dollar-
denominated assets amid persistent inflation, growing US fiscal deficits and policy uncertainty, precious metals 
consultancy Metals Focus said in its annual report.  
The consultancy forecast gold to average $5,330 per ounce in 2027, about 22% higher than current levels, though the 
prospect of further US Federal Reserve policy tightening to tackle above-target US inflation could pose near-term 
headwinds. 
Spot gold hit a record high of $5,594.82 in late January, but has since retreated 25% due to surging energy prices and 
tighter Fed monetary policy. Currently, prices trade around $4,152.27.  
Metals Focus expects silver to strengthen over the next 12 to 18 months, benefiting from many of the same 
macroeconomic drivers supporting gold. 
It said renewed investor interest, rather than physical market tightness, should underpin gains, with silver forecast to 
average above $90 per ounce in the final quarter of 2027, after averaging $70 in the fourth quarter of 2026. 
Platinum is forecast to remain supported by continued market deficits despite easing physical tightness. Metals Focus 
expects the metal to average $2,060 per ounce in 2027, and mark a fifth consecutive annual market deficit. 
Among other platinum group metals, palladium's outlook is less favourable, with the consultancy forecasting an average 
price of $1,330 per ounce in 2027, citing weaker automotive demand, improving mine supply and higher recycling 
volumes. 
Among minor platinum group metals, Metals Focus expects iridium prices to rise in 2027 to $8,100 per ounce on a 
widening market deficit, while ruthenium is seen broadly stable at $1,570 per ounce. Rhodium, however, is forecast to 
fall to $7,500 per ounce as mine and secondary supplies increase. 
 
 
 
US to announce $150 million for Alaska power lines as Vance campaigns in Senate battleground 
The US Energy Department will announce $150 million in new funding for power lines in Alaska on Monday as Vice 
President JD Vance visits the state, where Republicans are fighting to hold a critical Senate seat in the November 
midterm elections. 
Top News - Carbon and Power 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
Vance is set to rally voters for Republican Senator Dan Sullivan, who is locked in a tight reelection battle with Democrat 
Mary Peltola. Flipping the seat is key to the Democratic Party's strategy to take control of the US Senate, and recent 
polls have Peltola, a former member of the US House of Representatives, leading Sullivan. 
The energy plan is the latest in a series of economic and investment announcements President Donald Trump and his 
administration have highlighted ahead of the midterms amid voter concerns over the Iran war and high gasoline prices. 
Under the Energy Department plan, the Trump administration will tap federal funds to help construct 223 miles (359 
km) of new electrical transmission lines linking the Beluga power station on Alaska's southern coast with Healy in the 
state's interior, an administration official told Reuters.  
The corridor between Beluga and Healy covers major ports and nearly three-quarters of the state's roughly 735,000-
person population. The total cost of the project is $400 million, the official said. 
 
SOUTH KOREA BACKED ALASKA PIPELINE CONDITIONALLY 
A New York Times poll that concluded October 1 placed Peltola ahead by 7 percentage points. Other polls indicate the 
race is about even. Alaska, with its far-flung and rural population, is often difficult for pollsters to gauge. 
Trump unveiled plans last week for South Korea to invest some $200 billion in US projects, including for an Alaska 
liquefied natural gas pipeline. But Seoul quickly said the pipeline would only proceed if certain commercial and legal 
conditions were met. 
Both Sullivan and Peltola have made affordability — and energy — primary issues in their campaigns. Sullivan supports 
drilling for oil and gas in Alaska's protected wilderness and has called on Trump to ban diesel exports amid the economic 
fallout from conflict with Iran and the Russian war in Ukraine.  
Peltola has called for refining more oil and natural gas in Alaska but does not support drilling for resources in the 
environmentally fragile wilderness. She has also advocated for federal tax credits for solar, wind and hydropower 
projects. 
 
Baker Hughes signs agreements to expand Venezuela gas infrastructure 
Baker Hughes said on Monday it has signed an agreement with Venezuelan state oil company PDVSA, engineering firm 
Lindsayca and LNG developer Fulcrum LNG to develop natural gas infrastructure in the South American country. 
The US oilfield services company also entered into a separate agreement with New Stratus Energy to support future oil 
and gas projects in the country.  
Baker Hughes said the agreements create a framework to tie the country's upstream resource development, midstream 
infrastructure, gas monetization and LNG commercialization.  

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
Under the first alliance, Baker Hughes, Lindsayca and Fulcrum will combine their capabilities to develop the 
infrastructure needed to process, transport, commercialize and potentially export natural gas. 
Any projects developed under the alliance would be subject to separate definitive agreements, internal approvals and 
applicable US sanctions and export-control requirements, including authorizations from the US Treasury Department's 
Office of Foreign Assets Control, Baker Hughes said. 
Baker Hughes had earlier this year said it sees a significant revenue opportunity in Venezuela, with the main 
considerations for operating there being safety and conditions for employees, and clarity on legal and regulatory 
frameworks. 
Venezuela's oil industry has been state-controlled for two decades, since the government expropriated assets of foreign 
companies such asUS giants ExxonMobil and ConocoPhillips. 
Chevron is the only US major that retained continuous operations in the country, as a partner of PDVSA. 
Financial terms of Baker Hughes' agreements were not disclosed. 
 
 
 
Delays at Danube's Sulina push freight rates up, says consultancy 
Coaster freight rates from Ukrainian Danube river ports edged higher over the past week as delays at Sulina Canal 
increased further, ASAP Agri consultancy said on Monday. 
Ukrainian grain shipments have been redirected to lower-capacity Danube river terminals after seaports, which 
previously handled 90% of grain exports, have been effectively blocked since late July by Russian missile and drone 
attacks. 
Shipping company Avalon said last week the shipping on the Sulina Canal, a key route to Ukrainian river ports, was 
suspended in late September due to poor weather. 
According to Avalon, as of October 5, 80 vessels are expected to enter the Sulina Canal, while around 40 vessels are 
expected to exit the Canal. 
ASAP Agri said the canal was reopened on October 3 for outbound traffic only. It said the freight cost for transportation 
of one ton of Ukrainian corn to Egyptian ports rose to about $105. 
"Uncertainty over passage times makes it difficult for owners to plan voyages," it said on Telegram. 
"Owners with vessels already open in the Black Sea or Mediterranean are quoting higher rates for new shipments to 
account for the risk of prolonged waiting at Sulina," it added. 
The APK-Inform consultancy said last week that weekly grain exports from Ukrainian Danube ports declined by almost 
29% to 132,200 metric tons in the week to September 23. It gave no more fresh statistics. 
Top News - Dry Freight 

 
 
INSIDE COMMODITIES                                                                                                             October 6, 2026 
 
Ukraine's food shipments via Danube ports rise in September, data shows 
Ukraine increased food shipments through its Danube River ports to 1.145 million metric tons in September from 
716,000 tons in August, although volumes were still less than half of July's exports of 2.5 million tons, agriculture 
ministry data showed on Monday. 
Ukrainian grain shipments have been redirected to lower-capacity Danube River terminals after seaports, which 
previously handled 90% of grain exports, have been effectively blocked since late July by Russian missile and drone 
attacks. 
The data showed that exports in September included 805,000 tons of grain compared to 475,000 tons of grain sent 
abroad via ports in August. 
Ukrainian railway officials have said around 1 million tons of grain a month could be exported via Danube ports. 
Ukraine shipped an average four million tons of grain per month from its Black Sea ports before the blockade. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Kishan Nair in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
  
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
  
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement 
