GS McGeoch - GS Materials Oct 7...Oil trading statements (SHEL,
REP, EQNR), Copper and ANTO, PNN right issue and the Lithium
reset lower 7 Oct 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
7 Oct 2026
DXY 102 CNH 6.70 10YR 5.30 Gold 4133 Copper 14,377 Oil 101.48
Overnight remains a cursory pass. China back tomorrow, HK gives back to soft move up yesterday and
ASX is on school holiday, pre results malaise. Most of yesterday I was looking at Copper and the caution
to deploy here (see below), also the desk hosted calls on Precious (replay) and bulk commodities (Replay),
along with China field trip feedback (replay). ….For Precious the big watch is the China physical bid
(India is absent), CB and family office remain engaged with macros on sideline, desk sees positioning at
2-3/10 (similar in Copper where they say 2/10)…on the bulks side, they see Met Coal pretty well
supported here at $270, they are buyers of Iron ore here at $90-91 and in Steel the team note its mating
season, curve can continue to roll up in the US and near term that’s the shape, with EU the more
vulnerable link basis the weakness in demand and contango can see roll down…. See also Lithium where
the China team have refreshed deck lower in the below...... Not a lot of single stock stuff, see BHP in the
news saround Nickel as it sells KNC (concentrator) to GFI and states review of WA Nickel decision by
Feb 2027 . Tail will not wag the dog, two key watches are 1) iron ore realisations at the quarterly and 2)
SA copper trip in Nov (in that vein Paul shows FMG on the ropes with FCF yield of 0%) . ….I mentioned
briefly yday on strikes at Escondida – note today ANTO’s Centinella workers vote to strike. I also see
another death in Chile announced yday. Sadly they are stacking up at multiple operations at a time where
there is this wage friction. Codelco is also making a lot of reviews of its business under new leadership…
all just makes me think in a year when prodn has been very very soft, the recovery will be slower (again
see below), as per the BHP release today “Nothing is more important than safety” ....will fold to OIl. As
one investors said to me this week the doom loop continues and every loop risk reduction continues : Oil -
> Rates -> Equities -> AI...Are we into the next loop? FX and rates behaving, Gold inverse of OIl, rest is
kinda nothing.
SHEL – Trading statement (thoughts from Pete) – starts -1%. Operationally broadly inline with cons,
although cash drags from higher taxes, likely WC outflows and payment of emissions certificates. Don't
think expectations were that high and positioning not long amongst HFs, so think won't be too bad.
+ve: another strong quarter gas trading, refining margin looks better than cons
-ve: WC 2.5bn build at midpoint, CFFO ex WC impacted by 2.5bn outflow due to payment of German
emission certificates
Repsol – Trading statment - (Thoughts from trading – Pete) - starts -3%.... 3Q itself obviously very strong
and looks small better than cons, but positioning long and weaker QTD refining margin the focus….3Q

slightly better realised refining (although I think buyside was there) / worse production /
chems….positioning was 9/10 into the print though and expectations were high……refining margin drops
to $15/bbl QTD (from $36/bbl in 3Q) and $10/bbl more recently on recent volatility - below 4Q
cons…..refining should still hold up better in most scenarios so think this will be a rel long again down the
line. Think that ppl wait for the results now though and see what cash return is.
Equinor - starts-2%. A bizarre quarter operationally, with massive underlifts which will drag 3Q lower
(although potentially means stronger 4Q). Tax however is the key, they're taking tax materially higher over
2H to potentially smooth 27. Near term pain I think is probably the focus today.
PNN.LN - fully underwritten right issue of £550m announced , ... trades at a disc to RAB basis rtns in
region of 100-200bps below peers. Div yield at 4.6% yr 1 growing to 5% (below sector peers). Have
addressed leverage (35% disc to TERP of 387p), rebasing div from £138m to £125m, target leverage of no
more than 65%, group gearing no more than 70%. If you look towards the end of the plan your towards
the limits of your leverage, ie more investment will require more equity. £200m of the 550m is to reduce
leverage and the balance to fund the 21bn of investment they discuss.... They have addressed one part,
they have not addressed rtns in the release and the lack of that number clouds the ability to value this
business.
ANTO – looking at the shape of Copper forecasts for 2027 over the last year (ie pre the investor trip in
Nov 2025) you had 800kt, today this sits at 700kt. In the preview yday GS socialised a 670kt target. Cons
710kt. Number will most likely come down.…Supply is key:
In a difft thread and GS has not done this work but as discussed yday, if you go through Cochilco line by
line, its hard to find the area of prodn improvement in 2027. Los Bronces maybee? The street will be
looking at this closely over Q3 results, if 2027 is lower then the press reel will run hot. The current
published numbers at GS are mine supply-1% y/y for 2026, for 2027 we are +2.6% (the delta is mostly
new growth, Chile +2% y/y, DRC +6% includes +90kt at KK v cons 100kt, Indonesia basis Grasberg at
+140kt v cons +180kt, Panama the team have +190kt v cons 150kt) . That +2.6% is the biggest ask for Q3
prints. There is a chart showing how bad the Chile prodn is looking YTD y/y (-8%), its staggering, ill
circulate later, however looking at inventory (all seen the below, but cannot ignore it)…The issue that is
keeping investors out of this trade is they just don’t see the upside. They struggle to get long into that
inventory picture and a single headline (on tariffs) that can change it all pretty fast. The reason I lean long,
is so much heavy lifting has been done over such a protracted period, why would the WH just cede that
ground? they wouldnt, besides there is no frictional policy statement that trading partners can point to, its
just a perceived threat, unusual and effective in equal part for this administration….. So you anchor
against two things on the supply delta– obstacles to produce (labour, cost, grade, social license, geotech)
and corporates taking a view that price trumps volume..... Ie the hurdle to bring new volume on is about
equity multiple not price….

Source GIR, past performance not indicative of future returns.
Lithium – Trina/ Joy/Hugo, will host a call on Friday at 830am HKT (there will be a replay) - GIR expect
the Chinese and global lithium market to move from 16% deficit in most of 2026, to nearly balanced in
4Q26, and 8-18% surplus in 2027-2028E, driven by stagnant demand growth and project expansions. We
will share our key takeaways from discussions with corporates and experts, as well as highlight our views
across China and Australia lithium stocks
Global Metals & Mining: Lithium - refreshing our global S/D balance, maintain cautious view on 2027E
and 2028E China Metals & Mining: Chinese lithium sector - earnings revision
Aussie Mining Qtly - Team out with the preview ...Mulitples have expanded, whilst FCF is at 5yr lows (ie
organic growth trumps capital rtns), We also note the recent changes in capital allocation priorities from
certain Aus mining companies, with S32, SFR and MIN dropping or not announcing minimum dividend
payout policies, which does represent a partial shift back to a pro cyclical era ~20yrs ago.....Dont see a lot
in here in the bigger names (base effect in some of the smaller ones) and i dont think expectations are
particularly high, cost line (diesel a watch), also for prodn guides into 2027 that may still be with held......

FMG has been a focus - "with rising freight rates and diesel, we now forecast just ~US$100-200mn of
FCF for FY27 & FY28 with the stock on a FCF yield of ~0%"
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3
All references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 7 Oct 2026.
