 
Economic Alert 
Global Research
6 October 2026
 
 
 
If you are in scope for MiFID II and want to opt out of our Research services, please contact us. 
Issuer of Report: Standard Chartered Bank NY Branch
Important disclosures and analyst certifications can be found in the Disclosures Appendix 
All rights reserved. Standard Chartered Bank 2026 
https://research.sc.com
 
PUBLIC 
US – Some NFP months are more reliable than others 
 
• April and November NFP tend to be the most accurate; January, September, March and May the least 
• On a 3mma basis, April, October and July are most reliable; January, September and May the least    
• January and May 3mmas tend to overstate the trend amid upward biases accumulated from prior months 
• NFPs were often understated pre-pandemic, but overstatement is now common post-pandemic  
 
Everybody has their taste in noises as well as other matters
High volatility argues against taking preliminary nonfarm payroll (NFP) releases
literally. Market attention has shifted towards moving averages of at least three months
to smooth monthly estimation errors from seasonal noise, but these near-term trends
are also subject to monthly and annual benchmark revisions. This raises the question 
of which preliminary NFP releases most reliably capture labour-market conditions in a
given month.  
Comparing preliminary releases with final benchmark revisions, we note that the first
release in April has the lowest mean absolute error (MAE) on a single-month (1m)
basis and the second-lowest MAE on a three-month moving average (3mma) basis.
November’s 1m MAE is also low, although accuracy has worsened post-pandemic. In
other words, when assessing which months’ initial releases are closest to the final
estimates, April and November stand out. By contrast, January, September, March and
May have the largest revisions. The differences are not small: MAEs in the least
reliable months are almost twice those in the most reliable – so trade those surprises
at your peril.  
MAEs are lower on a 3mma basis than on a 1m basis, as errors in one month often 
appear to cancel out in the next. On a 3mma basis, April, July and October appear the
most reliable, and January, May and September the least. Again, the gap between the
most and least reliable is large. 
Figure 1: Revisions on April NFP tend to run small compared to other months 
Mean absolute error between initial NFP release and post-benchmark job growth* 
* Based on sample since 2011, excluding 2020, 2021, and October and November 2025 due to the government shutdown. 
Source: BLS, Standard Chartered Research 
Dan Pan  
+1 212 667 0647 
Dan.Pan@sc.com 
Economist, Americas 
Standard Chartered Bank NY Branch 
  
Steve Englander  
+1 212 667 0564 
Steve.Englander@sc.com 
Co-Head of FX Research, ex-China, and 
Head, North America Macro Strategy 
Standard Chartered Bank NY Branch 
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Current month
3-month moving average
 

 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 6 October 2026 
2 
PUBLIC 
Interestingly, monthly revisions for October and July are large, but their 3mmas are 
relatively reliable as offsetting estimation errors even out. For example, summer 
seasonal factors that may make August and September m/m employment moves 
unreliable are unlikely to be relevant in October. However, taking the 3mma does not 
always reduce errors when estimation biases from the prior months are skewed in the 
same direction. The 3mma does little to reduce noise in January and May, when 
estimation biases tend to run in the same direction as in preceding months (Figure 3). 
Post-pandemic NFP releases have tended to overstate job growth; pre-pandemic 
releases tended to understate it. Since the pandemic, the largest overstatements have 
shifted towards January and May, although September and March have remained 
relatively unreliable compared with other months (Figures 1 and 2). 
To find which months’ initial NFP releases are more or less reliable compared with 
other months, we compare the latest information available from each NFP release at 
the start of each month with the final benchmark revision released almost two years 
later. The latest available 3mma at each release comprises the preliminary NFP 
estimate for the current month, the first revision from the previous month and the 
second revision from two months ago. We exclude data from 2020 and 2021 from our 
sample to filter out noise from COVID-related shutdowns. We also exclude 
observations for October and November 2025 because of the data lapse during the 
government shutdown. 
As the current QCEW benchmark revision extends only to March 2025, we use the 
second revision for the subsequent calculations between April 2025 and July 2026, as 
the gap between the second and final benchmark revisions should be significantly 
narrower than in the previous couple of years. According to the BLS preliminary 
estimate, the QCEW benchmark revision from April 2025 to March 2026 is likely to 
have averaged -c.6k. That said, the assumption may fail to capture certain monthly 
variations in estimation errors since April 2025.  
 
 
   
 
Figure 2: January and May saw large increases in 
estimation errors post-pandemic 
Mean absolute error between initial NFP release and post-
benchmark job growth 
Figure 3: Persistent biases may undermine the reliability 
of moving averages 
Mean difference between the initial NFP release and post-
benchmark job growth 
Source: BLS, Standard Chartered Research 
Source: BLS, Standard Chartered Research 
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2022-Jul 2026
2011-2019
Current month
3mma
-100
-50
0
50
100
150
200
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2022-Jul 2026
2011-2019
 

 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 6 October 2026 
3 
PUBLIC 
Disclosures appendix 
 
Analyst Certification Disclosure: The research analyst or analysts responsible for the content of this research report certify that: 
(1) the views expressed and attributed to the research analyst or analysts in the research report accurately reflect their personal 
opinion(s) about the subject securities and issuers and/or other subject matter as appropriate; and, (2) no part of his or her 
compensation was, is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this research 
report. On a general basis, the efficacy of recommendations is a factor in the performance appraisals of analysts. 
     
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Disclaimer: Standard Chartered Bank and/or its affiliates (“SCB”) makes no representation or warranty of any kind, 
express, implied or statutory regarding this document or any information contained or referred to in the document (including 
market data or statistical information). The information in this document, current at the date of publication, is provided for 
information and discussion purposes only. It does not constitute a personal offer, recommendation or solicitation to any specific 
client to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, nor does it constitute any prediction 
of likely future movements in rates or prices, or represent that any such future movements will not exceed those shown in any 
illustration. The stated price of the securities mentioned herein, if any, is as of the date indicated and is not any representation 
that any transaction can be effected at this price. SCB does not represent or warrant that this information is accurate or 
complete. While this research is based on current public information that we have obtained from publicly available sources, 
believed to be reliable, we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and no responsibility or liability is accepted for errors of 
fact or for any opinion expressed herein. This document does not purport to contain all the information an investor may require 
and the contents of this document may not be suitable for all investors as it has not been prepared with regard to the specific 
investment objectives or financial situation of any particular person. Any investments discussed may not be suitable for all 
investors. Users of this document should seek professional advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities, 
financial instruments or investment strategies referred to in this document and should understand that statements regarding 
future prospects may not be realised. Opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, derived valuations, projections and price 
target(s), if any, contained in this document are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time without prior 
notice. Our research process may incorporate advanced artificial intelligence (AI) tools - including, but not limited to, generative 
AI and machine learning models – to assist in data analysis, forecasting, and the generation of research insights. These AI 
tools may be employed as an adjunct to our research team’s expert analysis. Such outputs are subject to human review and 
interpretation. While these tools are designed to enhance analytical efficiency and broaden the scope of our research, final 
research recommendations are based on a combined methodology that integrates both AI-generated insights and rigorous 
human oversight. There is no guarantee that the AI-generated components are free from error or will always capture the 
nuances of complex market data. Clients are advised that the use of AI tools is intended to supplement but not replace 
professional judgement. Accordingly, SCB shall not be held liable for any discrepancies or inaccuracies arising solely from the 
AI-generated portions of our analysis. In the event that clients utilize SCB research data for any further AI processing, SCB 
shall not be held liable or responsible for any subsequent outputs, results, or consequences arising from such use. Clients 
assume full responsibility for the integrity, accuracy and application of the AI-processed data. 
 
Our recommendations are under constant review. The value and income of any of the securities or financial instruments 
mentioned in this document can fall as well as rise and an investor may get back less than invested. Future returns are not 
guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may be incurred. Foreign-currency denominated securities and financial instruments 
are subject to fluctuation in exchange rates that could have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such 
securities and financial instruments. Digital Assets are extremely speculative, volatile and are largely unregulated. Past 
performance is not indicative of comparable future results and no representation or warranty is made regarding future 
performance. While we endeavour to update on a reasonable basis the information and opinions contained herein, we are 
under no obligation to do so and there may be regulatory, compliance or other reasons that prevent us from doing so. 
Accordingly, information may be available to us which is not reflected in this document, and we may have acted upon or used 
the information prior to or immediately following its publication. SCB is acting on a principal-to-principal basis and not acting 
as your advisor, agent or in any fiduciary capacity to you. SCB is not a legal, regulatory, business, investment, financial and 
accounting and/or tax adviser, and is not purporting to provide any such advice. Independent legal, regulatory, business, 
investment, financial and accounting and/or tax advice should be sought for any such queries in respect of any investment.  
 
SCB and/or its affiliates may have a position in any of the securities, instruments or currencies mentioned in this document. 
SCB and/or its affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons 
involved in the preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, be long or short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document and on the SCB Research 
website or have a material interest in any such securities or related investments, or provide, or have provided advice, 
investment banking or other services, to issuers of such investments and may have received compensation for these services. 
In relation to subject companies/issuers covered in reports published by the SCB Credit Research team, SCB acts as market 
maker or liquidity provider. SCB has in place policies and procedures and physical information walls between its Research 
Department and differing public and private business functions to help ensure confidential information, including ‘inside’ 
information is not disclosed unless in line with its policies and procedures and the rules of its regulators. Data, opinions and 
other information appearing herein may have been obtained from public sources. 
 
 

 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 6 October 2026 
4 
PUBLIC 
The discussion of or references to digital assets in this document does not indicate or constitute a commitment by SCB to offer 
products or services related to digital assets, including but not limited to trading any specific digital asset, custody services, 
settlement, or advisory services. The availability of any digital asset-related product or service may vary by jurisdiction and is 
subject to internal approvals and applicable regulatory requirements. No assurance is given that SCB currently offers, or will 
offer in the future, any such products or services. 
 
SCB expressly disclaims responsibility and makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such 
information obtained from public sources. SCB also makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy nor accepts any 
responsibility for any information or data contained in any third party’s website. You are advised to make your own independent 
judgment (with the advice of your professional advisers as necessary) with respect to any matter contained herein and not rely 
on this document as the basis for making any trading, hedging or investment decision. 
 
SCB accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including special, incidental, 
consequential, punitive or exemplary damages) from the use of this document, howsoever arising, and including any loss, 
damage or expense arising from, but not limited to, any defect, error, imperfection, fault, mistake or inaccuracy with this 
document, its contents or associated services, or due to any unavailability of the document or any part thereof or any contents 
or associated services. This document is for the use of intended recipients only. In any jurisdiction in which distribution to 
private/retail customers would require registration or licensing of the distributor which the distributor does not currently have, 
this document is intended solely for distribution to professional and institutional investors. This communication is subject to the 
terms and conditions of the SCB Research Disclosure Website available at https://research.sc.com/Portal/Public/
TermsConditions. The disclaimers set out at the above web link applies to this communication and you are advised to read 
such terms and conditions / disclaimers before continuing. Additional information, including conflicts of interest 
(https://www.sc.com/en/regulatory-disclosures/market-abuse-regulation/), analyst certification and full research disclosures 
with respect to any securities referred to herein, will be available upon request by directing such enquiries to 
ResearchClientServices@sc.com or clicking on the relevant SCB research report web link(s) referenced herein. MiFID II 
research and inducement rules apply. You are advised to determine the applicability and adherence to such rules as it relates 
to yourself. 
Market-Specific Disclosures – This document is not for distribution to any person or to any jurisdiction in which its distribution 
would be prohibited. If you are receiving this document in any of the market listed below, please note the following:  
Australia: The Australian Financial Services Licence for Standard Chartered Bank is Licence No: 246833 with the following 
Australian Registered Body Number (ARBN: 097571778). Australian investors should note that this communication was 
prepared for “wholesale clients” only and is not directed at persons who are “retail clients” as those terms are defined in 
sections 761G and 761GA of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). Bangladesh: This research has not been produced in 
Bangladesh. The report has been prepared by the research analyst(s) in an autonomous and independent way, including in 
relation to SCB. THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS REPORT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN 
BANGLADESH AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BANGLADESH WITHOUT PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE 
REGULATORY AUTHORITIES IN BANGLADESH. Any subsequent action(s) of the Recipient of these research reports in this 
area should be subject to compliance with all relevant law & regulations of Bangladesh; especially the prevailing foreign 
exchange control regulations. Botswana: This document is being distributed in Botswana by, and is attributable to, Standard 
Chartered Bank Botswana Limited, which is a financial institution licensed by Bank of Botswana under Section 6 of the Banking 
Act CAP 46.04 and is listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange. Brazil: SCB disclosures pursuant to the Securities Exchange 
Commission of Brazil (“CVM”) Instruction 598/18: This research has not been produced in Brazil. The report has been prepared 
by the research analyst(s) in an autonomous and independent way, including in relation to SCB. THE SECURITIES 
MENTIONED IN THIS REPORT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF BRAZIL AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BRAZIL 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS AND IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF BRAZIL. China: This document is being distributed in China by, and is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited and Standard Chartered Securities China Limited (SCSCL) which are 
mainly regulated by National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA), State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), 
People’s Bank of China (PBoC) and/or China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC). European Economic Area: In 
Germany, Standard Chartered Bank AG, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank, or branches of SCB AG, is authorised by 
the European Central Bank and supervised by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht-“BaFin”) , European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and the German Federal Bank 
(Deutsche Bundesbank). This communication is directed at persons Standard Chartered Bank AG can categorise as Eligible 
Counterparties or Professional Clients (such persons constituting the target market of this communication following Standard 
Chartered Bank AG’s target market assessment) as defined by the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (Directive 
2014/65/EU) (“MiFID II”) and the German Securities Trading Act (“WpHG”).  No other person should rely upon it. In particular, 
this is not directed at Retail Clients (as defined by MiFID II and WpHG) in the European Economic Area. Nothing in this 
communication constitutes a personal recommendation or investment advice as defined by MiFID II and WpHG. Hong Kong: 
This document is being distributed in Hong Kong by, and any part hereof authored by an analyst licensed in Hong Kong is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行（香港）有限公司 which is regulated by the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority. India: This document is being distributed in India by Standard Chartered Bank, India Branch (“SCB India”). 
SCB India is registered as a Research Analyst (Reg No. INH000002814) having registered office at Crescenzo, 3A floor, Plot 
 

 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 6 October 2026 
5 
PUBLIC 
No. C 38&39, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051. SCB India is a branch of SCB, UK and is licensed by the 
Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. SCB India is also registered with Securities and Exchange Board 
of India in its capacity as Merchant Banker, Depository Participant, Bankers to an Issue, Custodian, etc. For details on group 
companies operating in India, please visit https://www.sc.com/in/important-information/india-result/ and refer to 
https://av.sc.com/in/content/docs/in-sc-sebi-registered-research-analyst.pdf (Information on SEBI Registered Research 
Analyst) for details. The RBI had advised that entities under their regulations shall not deal in virtual currencies ("VCs") or 
provide services for facilitating any person or entity to deal with or settle VCs; however, the Supreme Court overturned the ban 
on cryptocurrency payments. A proposed law which may prohibit dealing in cryptocurrencies is under discussion, according to 
media reports. INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES MARKET ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS. READ ALL THE RELATED 
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY BEFORE INVESTING. The securities quoted are for illustration only and are not recommendatory. 
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM (if applicable) in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary 
or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Indonesia: Standard Chartered Bank is licensed and supervised by Indonesia 
Financial Services Authority (OJK) and Bank of Indonesia (BI) as well as a participant of Indonesia Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (LPS). The information in this document is provided for information purposes only. It does not constitute any offer, 
recommendation or solicitation to any person to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, 
nor does it constitute any prediction of likely future movements in rates or prices or represent that any such future movements 
will not exceed those shown in any illustration. Future changes in such laws, rules, regulations, etc., could affect the information 
in this document, but SCB is under no obligation to keep this information current or to update it. Expressions of opinion are 
those of SCB only and are subject to change without notice. Japan: This document is being distributed to Specified Investors, 
as defined by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, known as “FIEA”), for information only 
and not for the purpose of soliciting any Financial Instruments Transactions as defined by the FIEA or any Specified Deposits, 
etc. as defined by the Banking Act of Japan (Act No.59 of 1981). Kenya: Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited is regulated 
by the Central Bank of Kenya. The information in this document is provided for information purposes only. The document is 
intended for use only by Professional Clients and should not be relied upon by or be distributed to Retail Clients. Korea: This 
document is being distributed in Korea by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited which is regulated 
by the Financial Supervisory Service and Financial Services Commission. Macau: This document is being distributed in Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the Peoples' Republic of China, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Macau 
Branch) which is regulated by Macau Monetary Authority. Malaysia: This document is being distributed in Malaysia by Standard 
Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad only to institutional investors or corporate customers. Recipients in Malaysia should contact 
Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. 
Mauritius: Standard Chartered Bank (Mauritius) Limited is regulated by both the Bank of Mauritius and the Financial Services 
Commission in Mauritius. This document should not be construed as investment advice or solicitation to enter into securities 
transactions in Mauritius as per the Securities Act 2005. New Zealand: New Zealand Investors should note that this document 
was prepared for “wholesale clients” only within the meaning of section 5C of the Financial Advisers Act 2008. This document 
is not directed at persons who are “retail clients” as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 2008. NOTE THAT STANDARD 
CHARTERED BANK (incorporated in England) IS NOT A “REGISTERED BANK” IN NEW ZEALAND UNDER THE RESERVE 
BANK OF NEW ZEALAND ACT 1989, and it is not therefore regulated or supervised by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. 
Pakistan: The securities mentioned in this report have not been, and will not be, registered in Pakistan, and may not be offered 
or sold in Pakistan, without prior approval of the regulatory authorities and/or relevant governmental statutory body(ies) in 
Pakistan. Philippines: This document may be distributed in the Philippines by Standard Chartered Bank (Philippines) (“SCB 
PH”) to Qualified Buyers as defined under Section 10.1 (L) of Republic Act No. 8799, otherwise known as the Securities 
Regulation Code (“SRC”), other corporate and institutional clients only. SCB PH does not warrant the appropriateness and 
suitability of any security, investment or transaction that may have been discussed in this document with respect to any person. 
Nothing in this document constitutes or should be construed as an offer to sell or distribute securities in the Philippines, which 
securities, if offered for sale or distribution in the Philippines, are required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission unless such securities are exempt under Section 9 of the SRC or the transaction is exempt under Section 10 
thereof. SCB PH is regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) (e-mail: consumeraffairs@bsp.gov.ph). Any complaint 
in connection with any product or service of, or offered through, the Bank should be directed to the Bank’s Client Services 
Group via e-mail at straight2bank.ph@sc.com (or any other contact information that the Bank may notify you from time to time). 
Singapore: This document is being distributed in Singapore by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (UEN No.: 
201224747C) only to Accredited Investors, Expert Investors or Institutional Investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore. Recipients in Singapore should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (as the 
case may be) in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. South Africa: Standard Chartered 
Bank, Johannesburg Branch (“SCB Johannesburg Branch”) is a Registered Credit Provider in terms of the National Credit Act 
34 of 2005 under registration number NCRCP4. Thailand: This document is intended to circulate only general information and 
prepare exclusively for the benefit of Institutional Investors with the conditions and as defined in the Notifications of the Office 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the exemption of investment advisory service, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. It is not intended to provide for the public. UAE: For residents of the UAE – Standard Chartered 
Bank UAE does not provide financial analysis or consultation services in or into the UAE within the meaning of UAE Securities 
and Commodities Authority Decision No. 48/r of 2008 concerning financial consultation and financial analysis. UAE (DIFC): 
Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial Centre (SCB DIFC) having its offices at Dubai International Financial 
Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of Standard Chartered Bank and is regulated by the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use only by Professional Clients and is not directed 
at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook. In the DIFC we are authorized to provide financial services only to clients 
 

 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 6 October 2026 
6 
PUBLIC 
who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. As a Professional Client you will not 
be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right to be classified as a Retail Client 
we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required license to undertake such 
activities. United Kingdom: SCB and or its affiliates is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. This communication is directed at persons 
SCB can categorise as Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients (such persons being the target market of this 
communication following SCB’s target market assessment) as defined by the FCA Handbook. In particular, this communication 
is not directed at Retail Clients (as defined by the FCA Handbook) in the United Kingdom. Nothing in this communication 
constitutes a personal recommendation or investment advice as defined by the FCA Handbook. United States: Except for any 
documents relating to foreign exchange, FX or global FX, Rates or Commodities, distribution of this document in the United 
States or to US persons is intended to be solely to major institutional investors as defined in Rule 15a-6(a)(2) under the US 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All US persons that receive this document by their acceptance thereof represent and agree 
that they are a major institutional investor and understand the risks involved in executing transactions in securities. Any US 
recipient of this document wanting additional information or to effect any transaction in any security or financial instrument 
mentioned herein, must do so by contacting a registered representative of Standard Chartered Securities North America, LLC, 
1095 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10036, US, tel + 1 212 667 0700. WE DO NOT OFFER OR SELL SECURITIES 
TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS EITHER (A) THOSE SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED FOR SALE WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AND WITH ALL APPROPRIATE U.S. STATE AUTHORITIES; OR (B) THE SECURITIES OR 
THE SPECIFIC TRANSACTION QUALIFY FOR AN EXEMPTION UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS NOR DO WE OFFER OR SELL SECURITIES TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS (i) WE, OUR AFFILIATED COMPANY AND 
THE APPROPRIATE PERSONNEL ARE PROPERLY REGISTERED OR LICENSED TO CONDUCT BUSINESS; OR (ii) WE, 
OUR AFFILIATED COMPANY AND THE APPROPRIATE PERSONNEL QUALIFY FOR EXEMPTIONS UNDER APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL AND STATE LAWS. Any documents relating to foreign exchange, FX or global FX, Rates or Commodities to 
US Persons, Guaranteed Affiliates, or Conduit Affiliates (as those terms are defined by any Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission rule, interpretation, guidance, or other such publication) are intended to be distributed only to Eligible Contract 
Participants are defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Zambia: Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc 
(SCB Zambia) is licensed and registered as a commercial bank under the Banking and Financial Services Act Cap 387 of the 
laws of Zambia and as a dealer under the Securities Act, No. 41 of 2016. SCB Zambia is regulated by the Bank of Zambia, the 
Lusaka Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
© 2026 Standard Chartered Bank. All rights reserved. Copyright in third party materials is acknowledged and is used under 
licence. You may not reproduce or adapt any part of these materials for any purposes unless with express written approval from 
Standard Chartered Bank. 
  
  
Document approved by 
Christopher Graham 
Chief Economist, Europe and UK 
Document is released at  
16:31 GMT 06 October 2026 
 
 
