 
 
7 October 2026
◼ To date, manufacturing profit growth leads, hiring too, typical for one sector to lead 
out of a recession or soft patch 
◼ Hiring in information and finance yet to turn in earnest, but it should in 2027 
◼ Kalecki Profit equation points out risk for profit growth to slow in the coming year – 
it’s not about interest rates (not directly) 
Profits lead hiring, hiring leads inflation, and the question for 2027 is whether profit 
momentum sustains itself enough to deliver accelerating payrolls and, in turn, put in a higher 
base for inflation. Rising interest rates put a crimp in margins, but the answer is more 
complicated than that – to the extent rate increases reflect returns on capital or inflation, the 
impact on profits and equities is less, sometimes not at all. Using the Kalecki equation for profits, 
as opposed to a GAAP approach, one can see risks to profits in 2027 from a bigger trade deficit, 
smaller relative government deficit, and a topping out in the pace of investment spending. In the 
near term, the upturn in manufacturing profits leads, so too hiring, but it appears that hiring in 
other sectors are staging to following in the coming months. Unless, of course, service firms see 
the earnings jump as fleeting. 
Looking today at profits with IVA but no CCAdj, the big growth surge belongs to 
manufacturing, evident as well in higher frequency indicators such as railcar loadings of cyclical 
products. Profit growth in finance (including insurance and real estate) has been steady but not 
accelerating, information is growing almost as fast as manufacturing. Growth for “all other” has 
turned positive on a Y/Y basis in Q1 of this year (Chart 1). That one sector leads on profit growth 
pulling out of a near-recession is typical for US business cycles.  
 
Macro and Strategy Ideas 
PROFITS, HIRING, AND THE RISK OF REVERSION IN 
2027 
 
Steven Blitz
 
The views expressed here may not reflect the GlobalData TS Lombard House View 

 
 
 
 
  
Macro and Strategy Ideas | 7 October 2026 
 
2 
Profits lead hiring with a lag, and hiring has turned for manufacturing and all other, but not yet 
finance or information. (Chart 2) Given the upturn in profits, hiring should pick up in the coming 
months assuming no great derailment. There is the added thought that these are two areas 
where AI can have its biggest impact. Regardless of the reason, hiring in the information 
industries should accelerate in 2026. As for hiring in finance, the lack of growth acceleration (so 
far) implies less reason to expect a pop in payroll growth in the coming year. 
Using the Kalecki formulation for profits, as opposed to reported profits in the national 
accounts, one gets a close approximation of pre-tax corporate profits and a sense of the alternate 
dynamics that will determine profits. The Kalecki formulation builds profits based on sectoral 
balances and corporate spending on investment and dividends. The equation is –  
Kalecki Profits = Investment + Dividends – Household Saving – Foreign Saving – Government 
Saving 
The results run very close to the pre-tax reported profits data in the GDP accounts (Chart 3). 
Chart 1: Manufacturing profit growth leads, for now 
Y/Y %Ch 
Source: BEA, GlobalData. TS Lombard 
-20
0
20
40
60
80
100
Feb 22
Jul 22
Dec 22
May 23
Oct 23
Mar 24
Aug 24
Jan 25
Jun 25
Nov 25
Apr 26
Manufacturing
Financial
Information
All Other
Chart 2: Hiring lagging profits to date -- the "catch-up" is in 2027 
Source: BLS, GlobalData. TS Lombard 
-6
-4
-2
0
2
4
6
8
10
Jan 22
Sep 22
May 23
Jan 24
Sep 24
May 25
Jan 26
Sep 26
Manufacturing
Financial
Information
All other private

 
 
 
 
  
Macro and Strategy Ideas | 7 October 2026 
 
3 
Thinking about the Kalecki formulation, in the coming year the trade deficit likely worsens, and 
the budget deficit should improve (if only marginally). These dynamics will be a drag on profits, as 
will any slowdown in the pace of capital spending (more likely than not). Higher interest rates, 
especially at the short end, also induce more household saving – the key word in that sentence is 
should. Profit growth should, all in all, still be positive but the pace will slow. Recent pull backs in 
the overall market P/E indicate as much. The question is whether the slowdown in profit growth 
is broad, or not. My guess is broad. 
In sum, everything mean reverts eventually, if you live long enough, and 2027 looks to be a year of 
mean reversion for earnings growth – even though participation has been uneven. The lagged 
relationship with employment still holds, this means an uptick in hiring early in the year – unless 
AI really has reduced employment in the information and finance industries. Employment picks 
and the base inflation rate will, in turn, be higher as well. The Fed will be forced to tighten against 
a deteriorating underlying dynamic for earnings. How severe with be transmitted by equity market 
performance. The risk, the “original sin” I discussed last week, is that the Fed will be quick to 
reverse and, in turn, keep this inflation cycle rolling up. 
 
 
Chart 3: Kalecki profit formula does track reported profits from the BEA… 
… and underlying dynamics of the formula suggest weaker earnings growth in 2027 
Source: BEA, Federal Reserve, GlobalData. TS Lombard 
 1,700
 1,900
 2,100
 2,300
 2,500
 2,700
 2,900
 3,100
 3,300
 3,500
 3,700
2022:Q1
2022:Q3
2023:Q1
2023:Q3
2024:Q1
2024:Q3
2025:Q1
2025:Q3
2026:Q1
NFC Before Tax Profits
Kalecki Profits

 
 
 
 
  
Macro and Strategy Ideas | 7 October 2026 
 
4 
Authors 
Steven Blitz 
Managing Director, Global Macro & Strategy, 
Chief US Economist 
 
Disclaimer 
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard 
Street Research Limited, Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK 
Limited (together “TSL Research Group”).  This report is intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL 
Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be reproduced, stored in 
a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, 
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group. 
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources 
believed to be reliable but are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL 
Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum 
extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of 
this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the 
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is 
accurate, complete, or reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information 
contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of 
this report based on the information available. 
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, 
or estimates. Past performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, 
and no representation or warranty, express or implied is made regarding future performance. This 
information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete or 
condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The 
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in 
this report can fall as well as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are 
subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or 
income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report and as such does not 
have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. 
Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the 
types of financial instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report. 
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions. 
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in 
England No. 10232483 
 
 
