[Page 1]
 
3 September 2026
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Asia  
 Global  
 Japan  
 North America  
 
 Foreign Exchange  
 FX Special Report  
 Date  
 
 
Capitalism and the dollar: the AI race, 
tokenization, and the dollar's future
A massive race for capital
The US is sprinting in its reach for capital. Private markets, debt, and public equities 
have been setting records, and the US is enjoying unprecedented amounts of 
foreign equity inflows. In this paper, we discuss how the US is leveraging the power 
of capitalism – supercharged by blockchain - to try and win the AI race. But the US 
reach for capital is not only about AI spending; it also reflects growing fiscal deficits 
and the need for foreign private funding. The US is increasing its reliance on private 
capital to offset public sector vulnerabilities. Meanwhile, China is running a very 
different race - given large trade surpluses, domestic excess savings, and a "low-
cost" AI approach, China is raising less capital, with much less from abroad.
America embraces asset tokenization
The US is using blockchain technology to support US dollar and capital market 
dominance. We wrote last year about the crucial role of stablecoins. We are now at 
the next stage: asset tokenization – converting ownership rights to financial assets 
into digital tokens recorded on blockchain. Asset tokenization is not futuristic – it is 
happening now at the heart of US markets. Securities depositories and exchanges 
are building the infrastructure to tokenize US assets, with regulatory oversight.
TINA meets Tokenization: the future of the dollar
TINA already plays a key role attracting capital to the US. Tokenization could add to 
this by making US assets more attractive and accessible. The collateral velocity of 
tokenized assets could be a superpower. And if US assets are trading 24/7 with 
instant settlement, this could impact global behaviour, particularly for retail. But 
lowering the hurdles for inbound capital, also exposes the US to capital going out. 
The dollar is becoming riskier, more equity sensitive, and leveraged to the AI race. 
If AI proves uneconomical, or the US starts to fall behind, the dollar is very exposed.
Open markets meet Open technology: the future of capitalism
The US is taking an “open markets-closed tech” approach to the AI race, while 
China is taking an “open tech-closed markets” one. The US is widening the doors 
for capital, but keeping technology closed to preserve corporate pricing power. 
Meanwhile, China is pushing out low-cost models with open-weights. This is not 
just a contest between AI models, but economic models. If China's approach 
undercuts US profits, this could threaten the US model of shareholder capitalism 
itself. China's challenge is not only about technology, but the central maxim of US 
power: that free and open capital markets always deliver the winning innovation.
Mallika Sachdeva
Strategist
+44-207-545-1941
Deutsche Bank AG
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 
2021 INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER 
DETAILS.


[Page 2]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
Part 1: A massive reach for capital in the US
The US is sprinting at record speed in its reach for capital. Huge sums of money are 
being raised to fund the buildout of AI infrastructure and development of frontier AI 
models, with US companies expected to spend around $800bn in AI capex this year. 
We argue in this paper that the US is leveraging the full power of capitalism to fund 
capital investments seen as crucial to winning the AI race
The US is raising enormous amounts of private capital
We simplify the key trends in the US' capital-raising landscape into a few 
observations. First, AI labs are turning to private markets to raise large sums of 
equity capital. Second, hyperscalers are turning to investment grade debt 
markets to issue meaningful amounts of debt for the first time. And third, public 
equity markets are back in focus for capital funding with some of the world's 
biggest companies returning to issue stock, and major IPOs in the pipeline.
n
The AI venture capital industry has raised over $400bn this year alone, with 
over 90% of the biggest deal volumes in the US (Pitchbook). The two largest 
AI labs in the US have raised a combined $217bn this year - valuing each 
company near $1tn. We note that xAI had raised $20bn earlier in the year, 
before being acquired by SpaceX in February. On an annualized basis, AI VC 
capital is running at three times last year's pace.
n
In debt capital markets, the shift has also been staggering. While free cash 
flows remain an important source of funding for hyperscalers, the capital 
intensity of the infrastructure buildout is outrunning cash flows, forcing 
companies to turn to debt. Hyperscalers like Google, Meta, Oracle and 
Amazon raised an average of just USD25bn per year between them over 
2020-24. In 2026 YTD, they have raised around ten times that amount 
through IG credit markets. Microsoft has yet to turn to debt markets.
n
In public equity markets, Google also had its first primary equity raise since 
its 2004 IPO in June 2026, raising $85bn. Returning to issue is a big reversal 
from years of buying back stock. This is also setting up to be a historic year 
for IPOs. SpaceX achieved the largest total market valuation of a newly 
listed company in history near $2tn in its June 2026 IPO. The largest US AI 
labs are expected to come to the IPO market soon which could change the 
AI boom as we have written about here.
Figure 1: US AI companies are attracting record amounts 
of private capital
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
H1
USD bn
AI VC deal activity
Source : Deutsche Bank Research, Pitchbook
Figure 2: US hyperscalers have turned to public credit 
markets to issue huge amounts of debt
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug
2025
2026
Billions
Global Hyperscaler and Chip $IG Issuance 
($bn equivalent, by pricing date)
GOOGL
AMZN
META
ORCL
AVGO
NVDA
SPCX
AMD
AAPL
Source : Deutsche Bank Research, Bloomberg Finance LP


[Page 3]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
China is running a different race
On many metrics, Chinese models are closing the gap to the US in terms of 
performance and capabilities (Figure 3). While the US remains ahead in frontier 
development, Chinese models account for more than half of US company token 
usage on Open Router (Yahoo Finance).
But from a capital perspective, China appears to be running a different race -
raising much less capital, less from private sources, and less from abroad. While 
US companies are expected to spend around $800bn in AI capex this year, that 
number is closer to $100bn in China. While the biggest US AI labs have raised nearly 
$250bn in private funding rounds this year, Chinese labs have raised far less. The 
largest capital raise came from DeepSeek which raised $7.4bn earlier in the year, 
and may be returning for a further $8bn. China's National AI fund has participated 
in a number of capital raisings. Stanford University's recent AI report made a similar 
observation: noting that in 2025, US private AI investment was 23 times the 
$12.4bn invested in China, although Chinese numbers are likely understated given 
government guided funds.
The stark difference in the approach to capital raising is also reflected in markets. 
With US AI labs raising far more capital for ownership stakes, the market valuations 
of US AI companies compared with their Chinese peers are many orders of 
magnitude apart (Figure 4). Furthermore, while Chinese hyperscalers like Tencent, 
Baidu and Alibaba have been tapping debt markets, they are doing so in smaller 
size, with a no major uptick compared with earlier years. They are, however, 
increasingly funding in dim sum bonds, suggestive of a desire to de-dollarize 
funding. See more on the Rise of the RMB Financing Ecosystem here.
Figure 3: The gap in performance between US and 
Chinese models has narrowed a lot
Source : Deutsche Bank, Stanford University HAI
Figure 4: US AI labs have much larger implied market 
valuations than their Chinese peers
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2500
US Top 3 AI Labs
China Top 3 AI Labs
USD bn
Market Valuation of Independent AI Labs
US vs. China
Source : Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP, Various news sources; Note: Valuations are based on 
market cap for publicly listed companies and announced or intended funding rounds for private companies.
The US will likely want all the foreign capital it can get
The dramatic reach for capital in the US is not only reflective of an American 
economic model that prioritizes open capital markets, it also reflects the US' 
growing need for foreign financing given the US' large twin deficit position. The 
US is running a 6%+ fiscal deficit combined with a near 4% of GDP current account 
deficit. In the absence of fiscal savings, incremental private sector capex will 
require funding from abroad. At a time when private sector financing requirements 
for AI capex are rising, it is not a surprise the US is widening its reach for capital from 
abroad.


[Page 4]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
The US is in fact enjoying an unprecedented amount of equity capital inflow. In Q2 
2026 alone, the US received over USD400bn of foreign equity capital, well above 
any previous quarter. The amount of capital coming into US equities is also well 
above what US equity performance alone would imply (Figure 5), and now well 
above debt flows (Figure 6) - the historical mainstay of US capital account financing.
We have written in the past about the big rotation underway in US financing. 
Geopolitical ruptures in long-standing alliances in defence and trade are hurting 
long-term appetite for USD government debt, particularly by the foreign official 
sector. But at the same time, technology is pulling enormous equity capital in from 
other types of foreign investors like retail. The gap between net equity flows to the 
US (increasing) and debt flows (falling) has never been wider, and the shift from 
official to private funding sources is becoming more noticeable. With the US on the 
cusp of a potentially significant IPO cycle, we find it notable that US companies are 
picking up on the funding shift. SpaceX reportedly initially earmarked 30% of its IPO 
for retail investors, more than three times as much as a traditional IPO offering. 
As we show in this paper, the US will likely remain very focused on attracting 
foreign private capital to fund both its AI ambitions and its deficits.
Figure 5: The US is attracting a record amount of foreign 
equity capital - more than market returns alone would 
suggest
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
-400
-200
0
200
400
600
800
1000
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
Net Foreign Flows into US Equities, 12m sum
S&P YoY Return, RHS, %
USD bn
Source : Deutsche Bank, Bloomberg Finance LP, Haver Analytics
Figure 6: Equity flows have replaced debt flows as the 
main source of foreign capital financing for the US
-600
-400
-200
 -
 200
 400
 600
 800
 1,000
00
02
04
06
08
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
24
26
Net Equity Flows
Net Long-term Debt Flows  (Govt & Agency)
USD bn
Source : Deutsche Bank, Haver Analytics
Where blockchain technology comes in
The US is taking a very capital-intensive approach to the AI race, raising record 
amounts of capital, and attracting huge amounts of it from overseas. Foreign 
capital not only helps support the dollar by providing deficit funding, it also 
improves the cost of financing for US companies. It is natural for the US to leverage 
technology that supports these capital flow trends.
We have written at length about how the US is using the power of blockchain 
technology and a new form of private money - stablecoins - to democratize access 
to the dollar. We are now at the second stage of evolution, where the power of 
blockchain technology is being used to democratize access to US capital 
markets. This is called real world asset (RWA) tokenization. While stablecoins aim 
put the US dollar "on chain" as a digital money token, asset market tokenization 
could look to put the entirety of US asset markets and their underlying financial 
architecture on chain.


[Page 5]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
The two forces of tokenized money and tokenized assets are themselves highly 
symbiotic. The existence of tokenized assets should widen the appeal of holding 
tokenized money like stablecoins, that can then be more easily deployed for returns 
and yields "on chain", without needing to be moved off-chain back into fiat currency 
to invest in traditional assets. Both stablecoins and tokenized bank deposits could 
become important means of payment for tokenized assets, with a meaningful 
impact on the settlement process. We will explore the nuances of this in a 
forthcoming FX Special Report on Programmable Money.
From a macro perspective, we argue that US tokenization ambitions are deeply 
linked to supporting capital inflows into the US. Our earlier research on 
stablecoins discussed how they could support the diversification of dollar debt to 
private sector holders. Not only did the GENIUS Act introduce 1:1 reserve backing 
requirements for dollar stablecoin issuance, that helps power demand for front-end 
US T-bills; more importantly, if stablecoins help keep the world paying in dollars, 
they help retain the role of the dollar as a private sector savings instrument, which 
could help demand for assets like longer-dated Treasuries. If stablecoins are now 
combined with a wider universe of tokenized assets, this could encourage demand 
for many more US assets. This should help what we have termed a "geopolitics-to-
technology funding swap". The US is moving away from attracting official, long-
term, geopolitically motivated capital flows, towards private sector, shorter-term, 
technology motivated capital.
America's full-hearted embrace of asset tokenization - compared with China's 
turn away from it - can be understood in the context of both the AI race and the 
relative external funding position of both states. If the US is taking a capital-
focused approach to the AI race, with a starting point of twin deficits, the US will 
naturally benefit from lowering the hurdles for foreign and private capital as much 
as possible. That is indeed what it is doing.
Part 2: America embraces Asset Tokenization
We begin with a definition for asset tokenization, borrowing from the DTCC, the 
custodian for close to $115 trillion in US assets and an organization that finds itself 
at forefront of this development. Asset tokenization is the "process of converting 
ownership rights to a financial asset—such as stocks, bonds or real estate—into 
a digital token recorded on a blockchain. These tokens represent the same legal 
rights as the original asset but can be transferred, tracked and managed 
digitally." They note that tokenization introduces new capabilities, from fractional 
ownership, faster cross-border transfers, transparent records and smart contracts. 
In a tokenized world, instead of waiting days for a U.S. Treasury bond to settle 
through multiple intermediaries, a tokenized version could settle in minutes. Also 
see "Asset Tokenization 101" from the DB Research Institute here.
Only around $40bn of real-world assets have been tokenized to date, but the size of 
the tokenized asset universe is expected to grow much further and faster from here 
given adoption by traditional finance that is just getting underway.
In Part 1 of this paper we explored the macro motivations for America's embrace of 
tokenization: to reduce the hurdles for foreign capital to flow into the US and fund 
its AI ambitions in an increasingly competitive and existential AI race. In this 
section, we look at some of the more micro motivations for tokenization, and how 
they come together.


[Page 6]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 6
Deutsche Bank AG
Figure 7: Real world tokenized assets have been growing, but are still a fraction 
of the over USD100tn US asset universe - leaving big headroom
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Real World Tokenized Assets
US Treasury Debt
Commodities
Active Strategies
Stocks
Asset-Backed Credit
Specialty Finance
Corporate Credit
Private Equity
Non-US Govt Debt
Venture Capital
Others
USD bn
Source : Deutsche Bank, RWA.xyz
Some further motivating drivers for asset tokenization
The underlying technology that enables tokenization is distributed ledger 
technology (DLT) which allows the ownership rights to anything from money, to a 
stock, to a painting, to be represented as a digital token on a decentralized network 
like blockchain. But new technology alone cannot drive real world adoption and 
change, without the financial and economic incentives to use it.
So, why is DLT being used to tokenize real-world assets today and how have 
incentives aligned across economic agents - from retail investors, asset 
managers, corporates, financial firms, securities depositories and exchanges - 
to motivate this adoption? Beyond the macro, state-level motivation for 
attracting capital to fund the AI race and US deficits, we argue that private agents 
in the financial system are also likely to be deeply invested for their own reasons.
First, the revolution in overseas retail trading demonstrates the case for widening 
access to markets. Retail trading has been spurred on in recent years by a number 
of developments: from Covid lockdowns, the rise of zero-commission platforms, 
social media, fintech brokerages, improved access to information and charting, and 
even tax incentives to increase financialization of household savings (i.e., Japan's 
NISA program). Korea is arguably the poster child of the retail revolution, and offers 
a potential template for what might become possible at a global scale if technology 
is used to lower hurdles for entry. Korea represents 2% of global nominal GDP, but 
accounted for 10% of the $740bn of foreign equity inflows to the US last year, a lot 
of which were powered by retail investors, or the "seohakaemi" (overseas stock 
ants). Access arguably played a big role. Korea began allowing for the fractional 
trading of foreign stocks by certain Korean brokerages as early as 2019, even earlier 
than for domestic stocks. Korean brokerages also signed up with a number of US 
alternative trading systems that offered daytime trading of US stocks in Korean 
hours. The combination of a highly digitized, connected population with lower 
hurdles for access was a dramatic flow of Korean capital into US equities. To us, the 
case of Korea demonstrates what is possible if US markets were to become easily 
accessible 24/7 to everyone.
Second, corporates and institutions still face a number of inefficiencies around 


[Page 7]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 7
cash and capital in traditional off-chain markets. We focus on three examples 
here: trapped cash for settlement, inefficient collateral management, and manual 
corporate actions. While securities markets in the US have successfully moved 
from T+2 to T+1, this gap still involves the lock-up of capital to act as a backstop for 
trade settlement. If securities and payments were to settle atomically and instantly 
on blockchain, this could free up a huge amount of capital. Collateral markets are 
also still relatively inflexible today. Today, repo markets allow financial entities to 
borrow cash in exchange for lending collateral like US Treasuries. Repos are 
structured around overnight to longer-term financing and are constrained by end-
of-day settlement cycles and operational windows. Digital assets held on a 
blockchain could arguably be posted instantly for much shorter periods, creating 
intraday repo possibilities and increasing the velocity of collateral. As a final 
example, NASDAQ highlights that processing corporate actions today alone 
"carries costs of more than $58 billion across the industry, driven by fragmented 
systems, 
manual 
workflows, 
and 
duplicative 
record-keeping.” 
The 
programmability offered by digital assets would help address this as corporate 
actions could be programmed into smart contracts attached to the asset. In sum, 
there are clear incentives for agents - from corporate issuers to institutional asset 
managers - to embrace a tokenized asset environment.
Third, the tokenization train had already left the station but was at risk of being 
mediated via third-party offerings and fragmenting market liquidity. In the 
traditional space, we note that fund managers like Blackrock and Templeton had 
already begun issuing some of their funds like BUIDL and FBOXX on public 
blockchains. This involved making the funds accessible as digital tokens, but 
importantly the underlying assets themselves remained off-chain in traditional 
financial instruments. More importantly, the presence of blockchain technology 
has allowed for entry and innovation by new private players that have begun 
offering US assets as digital tokens on blockchain rails. New tokenized equity 
frameworks offer representations of real US stocks and ETFs, backed 1:1 by 
underlying traditional equities, held in regulated custody, and issued as on-chain 
tokens on many different blockchains. They are available to non-US clients in 100+ 
countries, and allow fractional purchases with as little as $1 in select US stocks and 
ETFs, some of which are available to trade 24/7. They do not, however, confer 
shareholder rights like voting or dividends in cash - instead, they offer price 
exposure to the underlying asset in an always-on format, via a third-party token. If 
tokenization was already underway, the incentive for traditional asset mangers and 
exchanges to be part of the process was becoming more evident - to avoid losing 
funds and liquidity to third parties. Rather than simply tokenizing claims on US 
securities, developments underway are now building the infrastructure to allow 
underlying US securities themselves to be issued, traded, and held as tokens.
As we discuss in the next section, asset tokenization is not a futuristic or frontier 
concept - it is live and is now happening at the heart of traditional markets, led by 
core players in the US financial ecosystem.
What is happening?
In a nutshell: tokenization is going mainstream, with adoption by core, traditional 
financial players. Securities depositories and exchanges under the aegis of 
regulatory guidance are building the market infrastructure to tokenize the US 
asset universe, with participation from asset managers and banks.
Regulatory efforts arguably kicked off in force with the launch of Project Crypto 
by the SEC in July 2025, alongside the White House's Digital Asset Report that 


[Page 8]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 8
Deutsche Bank AG
called for laying the groundwork for the US to become the deepest and most liquid 
digital asset market in the world. One of the first tasks was to develop a taxonomy 
for crypto assets, where tokenized securities were importantly defined as 
remaining "securities". In January 2026, Project Crypto evolved into a joint inter-
agency framework between the SEC and the CFTC that would allow for 
"coordination, coherence, and a unified approach to the federal oversight of crypto 
asset markets". Crucially, it is actions from regulatory agencies in the US that are 
driving progress, independent of pending efforts in Congress to pass the CLARITY 
Act.
The big green light for mainstream tokenization came in December 2025 when the 
SEC issued the DTC with a "no-action" letter which legitimized the idea that the 
same security could trade on two rails. DTC could therefore tokenize assets in its 
custody from US stocks, ETFs and bonds, and the digital version of these assets 
would have "the same entitlements, investor protections and ownership rights" as 
the traditional asset. This was followed up by a ruling in January 2026 which noted 
that the "format in which a security is issued or the methods by which holders are 
recorded (e.g., on-chain vs. off-chain) does not affect application of the federal 
securities laws”. Assets can be held traditionally or in tokenized form (as a digital 
twin) and they will be treated the same, and will refer to the same security. In other 
words, both traditional and tokenized architectures can now coexist, run side-by-
side, and be interoperable, with the trust of DTC custody to back them. While the 
passage of the CLARITY Act is still pending, the above SEC notifications and the 
commitment of Project Crypto to bringing US capital markets on chain means that 
the regulatory umbrella for tokenization has been sufficiently opened. This has been 
enabling of developments underway this year.
The progress at DTC remains crucial to track. DTC is the main central securities 
depository in the US - it is the venue where trades settle and clear, and the custodian 
where financial firms hold their assets. DTC has around $115 trillion of US assets 
under its custody. Tokenization at DTC has now begun. In July 2026, the DTC 
converted the first asset into tokens that were used for real world trades. 40 different 
financial firms participated. Amongst many examples, the SPDR S&P500 ETF Trust 
(SPY) - the world's first ETF - was tokenized. In another test, JP Morgan successfully 
posted tokenized assets to satisfy a margin requirement at the CME. The full set of 
tests that day can be found here. DTC intends to launch its tokenization service by 
October 2026, but full-scale tokenization will be a long process. The DTCC CEO has 
argued it could proceed over many years with markets "crawling, then walking, 
then running" and the pace to be set by market demand to hold assets as tokens. 
DTC is beginning by tokenizing the Russell 1000, ETFs, and US Treasuries before 
widening it out. Market estimates currently range from $2tn to $30tn for the size of 
the tokenized asset universe by the 2030s, but these estimates may well be revised 
higher as the infrastructure becomes operational.
US exchanges - NYSE and NASDAQ - are shifting to accommodate "always-on" 
trading. In current financial architecture, exchanges are the trading layer, where 
buyers and sellers meet and prices are discovered, while DTC is the post-trade 
infrastructure layer for settlement and custody, maintaining a central record of 
securities ownership after trades occur. The biggest development at US exchanges 
is that they are set to move towards round-the-clock trading. NASDAQ has also 
announced an intention to offer trading 23/5 trading by December 2025, while 
NYSE is aiming for 22 hours by later this year. As noted earlier, synthetic equities 
have already been trading outside market hours on permissionless blockchains and 
alternative trading systems, so increasing exchange hours will allow that liquidity 


[Page 9]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 9
to come back on exchange, and prevent tokenized equities from becoming off-
exchange products that fragment liquidity.
Exchanges are also building new platforms and tools to enable a tokenized 
trading experience. The NYSE's new digital platform - being built in conjunction 
with Securitize - aims to not just offer 24/7 operations, but also instant settlement, 
fractional share trading, and stablecoin based funding. NASDAQ has also 
announced the launch of an "equity token design" that will allow public companies 
to leverage tokenization to program shareholder engagement from corporate 
actions to proxy voting. This will address the current condition of third-party digital 
tokens that offer investors economic exposure but without the underlying 
shareholder rights and corporate actions. NASDAQ aims to have full tokenization 
capabilities by 2027. 
The first mover advantage
Tokenization is going mainstream in the US and this is happening now: as we have 
described above, the biggest exchanges and securities depositories are making 
significant upgrades to allow US asset markets to be traded and held on chain. 
While tokenization of the US asset universe could proceed over many years, the ship 
has left the harbour.
With the US moving to provide rapid regulatory clarity and support for the 
development of tokenized securities, and building the settlement infrastructure 
to support it, it stands to benefit from a first mover advantage. Not only might the 
US be setting the standards for what on-chain financial trading and settlement 
looks like, it could benefit from future network effects. Just as the US benefits from 
agency over networks like SWIFT and USD correspondent banking, it may exercise 
them over the future on-chain infrastructure. If the majority of on-chain private 
money (stablecoins) is dollarized, and the majority of on-chain assets are US 
listed, this could reinforce USD payments and capital markets dominance. And if 
access to capital is increasingly concentrated in the US, global companies too may 
be increasingly interested in listing and issuing in the US to access them. As a 
potential harbinger, it is perhaps notable that SK Hynix made the largest foreign 
debut in US markets with its $26.5bn ADR this summer, favouring US markets for 
their capital raising.
We look at some of the broader implications for markets from the interplay between 
the AI race and asset tokenization in Part 3.
See next page


[Page 10]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 10
Deutsche Bank AG
Part 3: The future of the dollar, imbalances, and capitalism
In this final section, we look at how the AI race and approach to tokenization could 
impact the dollar, and how it might shape the future of global imbalances and 
capitalism itself.
Tokenization meets TINA
US equities already account for more than 50% of global equity market 
capitalization, and US Treasuries for more than half of OECD sovereign debt. For 
many investors, this gives US assets "There is No Alternative" status, popularly 
known as TINA: investors have no alternative but to hold assets which are such a 
large part of the global market portfolio. The position of US companies in the AI race 
thus far has further contributed to TINA, with investors compelled to have exposure 
to technology which could change the world. The ultimate outcome of the AI race 
will no doubt play an enormous role in whether the US' share of the global market 
portfolio grows or shrinks: it is not just how earnings and valuation multiples evolve, 
but also how terminal values of the corporate sector could change, and how debt 
sustainability could be impacted.
TINA is already playing a big role in attracting capital to the US, but tokenization 
could add to this: by making US assets more attractive and more accessible.
First, on attractiveness. The collateral implications of holding US assets on chain 
could be very attractive for investors. Fed Governor Cook noted in a speech that the 
most significant benefit of tokenization would be implications for capital and 
liquidity management for institutions. A tokenized US asset becomes more liquid 
and deployable, and capital and cash thus becomes more productive. In simple 
terms, you are more likely to hold a tokenized US equity or bond instead of cash, if 
you can easily repo your tokenized asset on chain when you need liquidity. If the 
value of US assets is going up, the cost of capital for US firms is going down. The 
improved collateral velocity of tokenized assets could be another superpower for 
US assets, and another arrow in the quiver of US capital attractiveness.
Second, on accessibility. We had argued that stablecoins could give anyone with 
an internet connection access to the dollar on chain. Asset tokenization could do the 
same for US assets. In a world in which US equities and bonds are trading 24/7, 
with instant settlement and much lower costs and frictions, this could have 
dramatic knock-on effects on global behaviour, particularly for retail investors 
that could find access much easier. We find it notable that NASDAQ openly 
acknowledged that "the investor base of public equities has the potential to expand 
as markets remain open across multiple time zones, making it increasingly 
important to have modern tools for public issuers to engage with investors 
worldwide.” Tokenization need not also be limited to equities and bonds. One can 
imagine a world in which a person with even $1 in a place 10,000 miles away could 
own a tiny fraction of a tokenized Times Square on chain.
From an FX perspective, if tokenization succeeds in making US assets more 
attractive and accessible, this could help attract private capital flows. It is perhaps 
not surprising that the US is leveraging the power of technology - both AI and 
blockchain - to attract more foreign private capital at a time when US geopolitical 
leadership could be under pressure (see important examples here, here, and here) 
and crucially when US fiscal deficits have been widening. Both increase the need 
for alternative sources of private sector funding. The US is arguably going "all-in" 
on private capital to offset public sector vulnerabilities.


[Page 11]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 11
But lowering the hurdles for inbound capital, also exposes the US to capital going 
out. Tokenization would meaningfully increase capital mobility, in and out of US 
assets. The shift in US funding towards private sector, potentially shorter-term 
flows into equities - motivated largely by technology returns - will make the dollar 
riskier, more equity sensitive, and leveraged to the AI race. We have covered in 
earlier research how the dollar's historical properties of diversifying equity risk 
could be waning, with the dollar likely to become more positively correlated to risk. 
If for instance, AI proves uneconomical or the US starts to fall behind in the AI race, 
the dollar could be very exposed.
Figure 8: The US is increasing reliance on private capital - 
motivated by technology leadership - at a time of growing 
public sector vulnerability
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
45%
50%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
1960
1970
1980
1990
2000
2010
2020
2030
2040
2050
US Fiscal Position % GDP, LHS
CBO Forecasts for Budget
US Corporate Profits After Tax % GDP, RHS
?
Source : Deutsche Bank, Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis, CBO
Figure 9: The dollar is becoming a weaker diversifier for 
equity risk
R² = 0.52
-0.7
-0.5
-0.3
-0.1
0.1
0.3
0.5
0.7
0.9
-150
-100
-50
0
50
100
150
Currency TWI Correlation with S&P 500
Net International Investment Position, %GDP
NIIP and Currency correlation with US equities
(2015-2024 averages) 
NZD
AUD
CAD
GBP
SEK
EUR
JPY
CHF
US (2015-2024)
US (since 2025)
Source : Deutsche Bank, Haver Analytics, Bloomberg Finance LP
Europe is on board, but China is taking a very different approach
How does the highly enabling regulatory environment towards tokenization in the 
US compare with the other major economic blocs, namely Europe and China?
Europe has been receptive to the opportunity presented by tokenization. 
Europe's DLT Pilot Regime introduced a regulatory sandbox for institutions to test 
the trading and settlement of tokenized securities on DLT as early as March 2023, 
even earlier than the US. ECB Governor Lagarde has noted that tokenization offers 
the prospect for Europe to "tackle the fragmentation that has held us back for 
decades." Note that Europe has over 30 central securities depositories across the 
union. An integrated market for tokenized assets could allow Europe to "leapfrog 
the fragmentation of existing legacy systems" (ECB). Europe has also embraced the 
role of tokenized securities as collateral, with DLT assets held in European CSD's 
eligible as collateral at Euroclear from March 2026. This puts digital assets on the 
same footing as traditional ones in Europe.
Where Europe sits apart from the US is perhaps in: the scale of its crypto 
ambitions, an explicit commitment to retaining a two-tier monetary system with 
central bank money as the final settlement asset, and the size of the AI economy 
itself. Europe is alive to the opportunities presented by tokenization for market 
unification - an important step to increasing Europe's capital market attractiveness, 
but the US arguably has more clearly stated ambitions to become "the crypto 
capital of the world". Moreover, Europe appears committed to keeping central bank 
money as the final settlement instrument between financial institutions even in a 
tokenized world, with initiatives like Pontes and Appia underlying this. In the US, it 


[Page 12]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 12
Deutsche Bank AG
remains to be seen whether private stablecoins become the primary instrument of 
settlement, disintermediating central bank money, or whether the existing system 
of bank deposits and reserves is tokenized. Ultimately, the biggest divide between 
Europe and the US is in the AI economy itself - Europe has a much smaller footprint 
in data centres and independent AI labs, and thus may not be where the appetite to 
raise or deploy capital - even in a tokenized asset world - is most compelling.
Meanwhile, China is taking a very different approach altogether; while the US is 
embracing stablecoins and RWA tokenization, China is tightly controlling - if not 
restricting - them. In February 2026, the PBOC and CSRC along with eight other 
national organization issued a notice that updated China's 2021 ban on crypto-
related activities. The notice defined RWA tokenization and tightened regulation 
around it - noting that such activity or intermediation of it was prohibited in China, 
except with regulatory approval on specific financial infrastructure (Xinhua). The 
notice also banned entities from issuing stablecoins pegged to RMB abroad, 
without regulatory approval. We note that Chinese regulators prevented Ant Group 
and JD.Com from proceeding with plans for yuan stablecoins in Hong Kong in 
October 2025. Instead, in January this year, PBOC began to allow payment of 
interest on e-CNY, retail CBDC deposits suggesting relative encouragement for 
controlled forms of central bank digital money. We look further at some of the 
drivers of this very divergent approach between the US and China.
Open markets versus open technology
The US is pursuing a hyper-capitalist approach in the AI race: throwing open the 
doors for private capital to fund large capex, and using the power of asset 
tokenization to supercharge it. We call this the open markets approach. Under the 
US model of shareholder capitalism, US companies prioritize profit maximization, 
keep AI model weights closed to allow companies to control pricing via 
subscriptions, and offer the carrot of return participation to shareholders to attract 
in global capital. The US then uses those huge sums of capital to make large capital 
investments to innovate and stay ahead of the competition. Importantly, the open 
markets approach is paired with a closed technology one.
China is taking a very different approach in the AI race, pushing out lower-cost 
models with open-weights into the world. We call this the open technology 
approach, and it is paired with a closed markets one. Chinese companies are not 
only achieving similar model results, and charging clients less for tokens, they are 
offering their models with open-weights. Open weights allows users to download 
and customize models on their own servers, promoting global proliferation and 
usage among corporates. See more from the DB Research Institute on this here. 
China may be counting on the same penetration of its AI models around the world 
as it has achieved with manufactured goods. One can perhaps start to look at 
China's approach to AI as an extension of China's broader involution approach to 
manufacturing where state-based alignment combined with fierce domestic 
competition achieves low pricing, improving quality, rising market share and 
ultimately industrial dominance. That China is now trying this in the technology 
space, where the US has thus far remained a leader, bears close watching. The US' 
open markets are meeting China's open weights.
In sum, the US is taking an "open markets-closed technology" approach to the AI 
race, while China is taking an "open technology-closed markets" approach. This 
divergence is not just a reflection of different economic models, but underlying 
global imbalances, and very different needs for global funding.


[Page 13]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 13
A test for global imbalances and capitalism itself
The US' open embrace of tokenization, compared to China's more closed 
approach to foreign capital is a reflection of underlying imbalances. The US' 
current account deficit combined with a fiscal deficit means the US requires foreign 
financing to fund incremental private capital expenditure, in the absence of 
domestic fiscal savings. In comparison, China is running a large and growing 
current account surplus, reflective of excess savings. As DB Economics has shown, 
China's trade surplus is in fact growing - with the AI cycle boosting AI-related 
exports. China does not need to turn to foreign capital because it can fund capital 
expenditures from abundant current account savings. This affords China the ability 
to maintain a more managed capital account, and explains the relatively restrictive 
approach to the high-speed blockchain rails that the US is so actively building.
Figure 10: The US is dependent on foreign capital flows to 
fund its deficits
-1500
-1000
-500
0
500
1000
1500
2000
01
03
05
07
09
11
13
15
17
19
21
23
25
US Current Account, 4q sum
US Portfolio Flow Balance, 4q sum
USD bn
Source : Deutsche Bank, Haver Analytics
Figure 11: Chinese exports are growing even faster as a 
result of AI
Source : Deutsche Bank, CEIC
Note: See "China Macro: Trade Imbalance and Rates Divergence" (31 Aug 2026)
The AI race could further reshape the state of global imbalances. As one potential 
path, imbalances could become more extreme. If China leverages AI to make 
industry even more efficient, adopting it for production and industrial automation, 
this could boost China's manufacturing dominance and good-driven surplus. One 
can imagine an alternative scenario in which the US current account improves, 
narrowing global imbalances. We have written in earlier research how AI revenue 
streams could help the US current account by around 1% over the coming decade 
via higher services exports. But this is crucially dependent on US AI labs retaining 
pricing power with private subscribers, and monetizing an international subscriber 
base. But China's low-cost, high-proliferation approach could cap the excess 
profits of US AI companies, and their ability to sell intellectual property for profit. 
How things evolve may come down to whether US and Chinese models become 
complements that coexist and serve different market segments, or whether they 
become substitutes in a winner-takes-all outcome. There is a lot at stake.
Ultimately, the AI race between US and China is more than a battle between AI 
models. It is a battle between economic models. The US is doubling down on 
capitalism: operating on the premise that increasing capital market openness will 
pull in the funding for large AI capital expenditures; in turn, this will help the US 
remain dominant in AI technology, allow corporates to maintain pricing power, and 
for the US to pull ahead in the race. Meanwhile, China does not need to leverage 
open markets to attract capital flows. China's industrial dominance and record 


[Page 14]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 14
Deutsche Bank AG
trade surpluses mean it has ample and cheap sources of domestic funding. This 
allows China to keep a more closed market approach that need not prioritize profits 
firsthand, and allows it to compete with low-cost, open-weight AI offerings. If 
China's approach starts to undercut US profits, this could threaten the US model of 
shareholder capitalism, which has become critical not only to attracting funding for 
AI, but for growing US deficits. China's challenge is not only about technology, but 
the central maxim of US power: that free and open capital markets always deliver 
the winning innovation. The AI race is a big test for capitalism itself.


[Page 15]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 15
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, 
and other sources. For further information regarding disclosures relevant to Deutsche Bank Research, please visit our global 
disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/FICCDisclosures. Aside from within 
this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/
Disclaimer. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, the 
undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view 
in this report. Mallika Sachdeva.


[Page 16]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 16
Deutsche Bank AG
Additional Information
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche 
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be 
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this 
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the 
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or 
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as 
principal for its own account or as agent for another person. 
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account 
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank, 
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research 
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from 
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or 
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts 
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading 
and principal trading revenues.
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not 
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity 
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have 
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for 
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the 
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst 
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks 
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with 
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally 
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has 
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate 
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and 
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole 
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular 
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or 
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a 
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and 
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to 
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a 
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude 
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous 
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from 
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in the preparation of this 
material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, content drafting and editorial 
corrections pertaining to research material.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our 
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our 
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer. 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay 
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases 
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the 
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in 
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to 
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets 
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency 
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are 
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by 
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in 
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables 
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating 
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. 
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 


[Page 17]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 17
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness 
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their 
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and 
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss 
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable 
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to 
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an 
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document.  If you are unable to access the website, please contact 
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange 
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes 
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could 
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an 
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the ‘Disclosures' tab. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser, 
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in 
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your 
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other 
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient 
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation 
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type, 
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision. 
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of 
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment 
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this 
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst 
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made 
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a 
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts 
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts 
with FINRA. 
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and 
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields, 
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent 
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to futures 
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures 
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The 
author(s) of a research report , and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, may not be licensed to carry on 
regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set 
out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, 
including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. 
This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional 
investors. 


[Page 18]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Page 18
Deutsche Bank AG
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered 
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is 
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437; 
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: 
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: 
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of 
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all 
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for 
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject 
company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-
equities-india/index?language_id=1.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in 
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction 
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price 
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services. 
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result 
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial 
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless 
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by 
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the 
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period..
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number 
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10). 
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. 
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert 
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility 
to such person for its contents.
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently 
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be 
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the 
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or 
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business 
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King 
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial 
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank 
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority. 
Australia and New Zealand:  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures 


[Page 19]
3 September 2026
FX Special Report
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 19
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where 
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement, 
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In 
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact 
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use 
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management, 
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses 
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from 
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value 
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record 
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested 
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also 
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, 
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that 
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other 
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading 
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or 
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results 
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the 
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention. 
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of 
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG 
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within 
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in 
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of 
Deutsche Bank AG. 
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to participate 
in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective and other principal 
investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be lower or higher than 
portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the investment opportunities 
available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance standards on all aspects of ESG 
or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet expectations in connection with 
corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG


[Page 20]
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
COO and Head of Fixed
Income Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of Macro and
Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of
Sustainability and Data
Innovation, Research
Robin Winkler
Head of German Macro
Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM &
APAC Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates
Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX
Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
Nilendra de-Mel
Head of APAC & Middle
East Product
Development
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce 
Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Singapur
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower,
Singapore 048583
TeL: +65 6423 8001
