[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 3 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  US Equity Trading / Sales
Thu 3 Sep 2026, 2:04am ET
Stat of the Day
US-listed ETFs represent $16.5 trillion in total assets and are on track to gather more than $2 trillion in
inflows this year
Chart of the day
Cyclical parts of the Tech sector have been the main driver behind positive earnings revisions YTD
Macro & Industry Highlights
Asset Allocation - We remain tactically neutral across assets for 3m and modestly pro-risk for 12m, with
OW equities, N bonds, commodities and cash, and UW credit. Sustained, healthy earnings growth should
support equity outperformance versus bonds and credit over 12m, although returns are likely to slow as
earnings growth and revisions peak. Near-term volatility could rise amid rates volatility, seasonal
weakness, US midterm elections and broader geopolitical risks, pointing to staying invested, buying dips
and mitigating risk through diversification and selective overlay hedges. The macro backdrop should
remain relatively benign: slowing but sturdy growth, low US recession risk, moderating inflation and
limited further central bank tightening. Risk appetite and cyclical pricing remain elevated, so further
upside is more likely to require lower rates than stronger growth. The strong business cycle and valuation
de-rating have lowered the probability of a large equity drawdown, but elevated risk appetite and late-
cycle conditions also limit the potential for another sharp rally.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
AVGO Results - We would be buyers of the stock following Broadcom's very strong AI revenue outlook
through FY28 -which we expect it to exceed. We remain bullish on the stock at current levels as our


[Page 2]
confidence on Broadcom's growth over the coming years is underpinned by multiple factors. First,
Broadcom expects its AI semiconductor revenue to double in FY27 to $115bn across 10GW of datacenter
deployments, and double again to $230bn across 20 GW. Second, management provided additional clarity
on its custom silicon engagements beyond Google, expecting Anthropic to be the largest customer in
FY27 and OpenAI and Meta to be material in FY28 - even as its business at Google continues to grow.
Third, management reiterated that it has secured supplies of all key components needed to support its
revenue forecast through FY28. Although we expect some level of investor skepticism around supplier
diversification at Google and gross margin dilution, we ultimately expect the company's very strong
growth and customer diversification to move the stock meaningfully higher.
HPE Results - HPE F3Q26 earnings of $1.11 beat GS/FactSet consensus and guidance driven by a Cloud
& AI revenue beat & better than expected Cloud & AI EBIT margins. We expect the stock to trade
modestly lower following a solid quarter and an uptick to FY27 revenue/EPS guidance, relative to
elevated investor expectations. While HPE delivered record order growth (+42% year-over-year) in the
quarter on broad-based demand, we believe investor expectations had been significantly elevated given
bullish demand trends & pricing benefits reported across key OEM peers and suppliers over the past
quarter. HPE raised its F2027 outlook (1) overall revenue growth of 13-17% (v. 8-12% prior); (2)
operating margins of 14-15% (v. 12-16% prior); (3) Non-GAAP EPS to grow 16-20% (v. 12-16% prior);
and (4) at least $5 bn in FCF (v. at least $4.5 bn prior). The FY27 framework incorporates initial
contributions from the newly announced Oracle networking deployment and the recently awarded $3.5B
inferencing server deal, while explicitly excluding any benefit from future AMD Helios rack-scale AI
deployments.
CRDO Results - We expect the stock to trade modestly lower following a solid quarter with an uptick to
FY27 revenue guidance, relative to elevated investor expectations. We believe investor expectations had
been significantly elevated given bullish CapEx commentary from key hyperscaler customers over the past
quarter. Credo is rapidly expanding its optical portfolio both organically and with DustPhotonics driving
our FY28 numbers higher - although we believe some investors had expected an increase to management's
guidance for over $600mn in optical revenue for FY27 (~25% of overall revenue). The company's gross
margin remains strong, and its guidance for FY27 reflects the company's strong pricing power. At the
same time, OpEx estimates are moving higher as Credo pivots its investment profile to optical products in
order to sustain strong revenue growth. We remain Buy-rated on CRDO as we continue to see the
company pivoting to optical products while its copper-based solutions remain highly relevant in the
datacenter, and we continue to see favorable risk/reward for the stock at current levels.
Market Update
US equities were higher on Wednesday with small caps outperforming as rates saw modest relief and
momentum showed some signs of stabilization: SPX +46bps to 7666, NDX +23bps to 29,143, RTY
+113bps to 2953. Breadth was strong with 10 of 11 sectors ending in the green. Real Estate was the lone
sector lower, as Materials +153bps and Communication Services +116bps outperformed. After the bell,
AVGO shares have been choppy, indicated +2% higher after initially falling -4% after reporting a 4Q rev
guide that missed estimates, while SNOW shares are jumping +22% after a blowout quarter.


[Page 3]
Calendar — 13:30 UKT Initial jobless claims, week ended August 29 (GS 205k, consensus 205k, last
203k). Earnings: Pre: CIEN; Post: ZS, IOT, GWRE. Conferences: Communacopia 8-11 Sep (TMT); GS
Global Retailing 14-15 Sep (Consumer); GS Industrials 2-3 Dec; GS Financials 8-9 Dec.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, published 3 Sep 2026.
