[Page 1]
GS Duttenhoefer - Duttenhoefers Daily 3 Sep 2026
Johannes Duttenhoefer  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Equity Sales / Europe
Thu 3 Sep 2026, 2:00am ET
S&P +46bps @7666 (+12% ytd) on low volumes; rates a bit lower with US 10yr at 4.77%; Brent $95,
Gold $4438 and Bitcoin $77.2k; Japan 30yr fell 10bps to 4.06% (smooth debt auction); all eyes on AI
semi cycle, inflation, the Fed and bond markets; focus on NFPs tmrw and our big Tech conference in
SanFran next week.
Middle East: Iran attacked US military bases in Kuwait today despite Trump threatening further strikes;
Trump said his military was prepared to attack Iran "any time we want" after extensive US bombardment
of sites across the country left at least 19 Iranians dead.
Broadcom (-1% post market): revs $29.6bn in line with Cons; gross margin of 75.0% vs Cons 74.1%; AI
Semi revs grew +221% YoY to $16.7bn; FY4Q guidance is just below the Street; we would be buyers of
the stock following a very strong AI revenue outlook through FY28; Broadcom expects its AI
semiconductor revenue to double in FY27 to $115bn; mgmt provided clarity on its custom silicon
engagements beyond Google, expecting Anthropic to be the largest customer in FY27 and OpenAI and
Meta to be material in FY28; we see compelling value at current levels with the stock trading at just 12X
management's EPS guidance for FY28; raise our 12-month target price to $540 from $525.
asset allocation: we remain tactically neutral across assets for 3m and modestly pro-risk for 12m, with
Overweight equities, Neutral bonds, commodities and cash, and Underweight credit; sustained, healthy
earnings growth should support equity outperformance versus bonds and credit over 12m, although returns
are likely to slow as earnings growth and revisions peak; near-term volatility could rise amid rates
volatility, seasonal weakness, US midterm elections and broader geopolitical risks, pointing to staying
invested, buying dips and mitigating risk through diversification and selective overlay hedges.
current market mood: AI datapoints are very supportive (think DELL or Nvidia results), yet volumes are
anemic (~20% lower vs ytd avg), the macro backdrop is complicated (we are firmly in 'rates watch'
territory ahead of a 'live' FOMC meeting this month) and risk appetite is muted; thks Pete Callahan.
Meta: released Muse Spark 1.3; significantly improves performance in coding and agentic tasks; new
model can be accessed by developers willing to pay for it through its application programming interface.
worth listening: 15min podcast; Jim Schneider joins Tony P to discuss AI sentiment post NVDA earnings,
custom chips and hardware race, AI agents vs human labor cost and key AI themes across Asia.
France: entering a new political cycle; Le Pen currently polls >30%; real issue is fiscal credibility with
public debt approaching 120%, a fiscal deficit >5% but a divided parliament; CAC 40 has been Europe's
worst-performing major equity market in 2024, 2025 and 2026; valuations are not yet attractive; too early
to re-engage.


[Page 2]
Trump: US Mint launched the $1 coin with a his portrait alongside the words "LIBERTY" and "IN GOD
WE TRUST"; the first time a living president has appeared on American currency in a century.
Quote of the Day: "we see these guys to be no different from a hyperscaler and will run their own data
centers and be first-party to offer AI, generative AI, APIs, assess models to the world. So we see that
happening. It's not speculation. It's actually happening, and we are in the midst of enabling that",
Broadcom mgmt on Anthropic/OpenAI on yday´s call. (BBG)
energy costs: EU gas prices at >€70/MWh which is even higher than 2022; our GS EU Nat Gas
Consumers basket is composed of European companies expected to underperform with rising natural gas
prices; ticker is GSXETTFX Index and basket includes 51 stocks; on the long side, we highlight our GS
EU Power Price Sensitive Utilities basket (GSXEPWPR Index, 16 stocks).
Bitcoin: CLARITY Act is scheduled for a procedural floor vote on 15 Sep; with lawmakers in session for
only 14 days in Sep before adjourning again in Oct, any failure to advance the bill would likely push its
prospects into the post-election lame-duck session before expiry on 3 January 2027.
Stat of the Day: Europe has healthy cash flow and trades on a FCF yield of 5.3% vs. less than 2% for the
10 largest US stocks.
Chart of the Day: Cyclical parts of the Tech sector have been the main driver behind positive earnings
revisions YTD.
Source: Goldman Sachs; past performance is no indicator for future performance.
