[Page 1]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
18 September 2026 
Softer Brent and central bank pivots support market 
recovery 
MARKET LINES 
Thursday’s session saw global markets stage a broad relief rally as investors fully digested mid-week 
central bank actions under a more constructive light. The 10Y UST yield snapped an eight-day rising 
streak, falling below 4.95% as yields consolidated, while US equities bounced, with the S&P 500 up 
roughly 1% and the Nasdaq rising 1.4%. This turn in sentiment was heavily supported by a drop in 
crude prices; Brent fell 1.0% to $103.4/bbl following reports of a partial restoration of Saudi Arabia's 
East-West pipeline capacity, significantly easing near-term energy supply anxieties. Monetary policy 
decisions also helped anchor the positive tone. In the UK, while the Bank of England held rates at 
3.75%, the key market-moving catalyst was its decision to pause active Gilt sales, helping pull the 10Y 
Gilt yield down to around 5.20%. Overnight, the Bank of Japan raised its policy rate by 25bps to 1.25%—
its highest level since 1995. However, a fractured 7-2 split vote signaled resistance to a rapid, back-to-
back tightening path. This dovish-leaning development extinguished immediate market pricing for 
subsequent hikes, sending the Yen lower and pushing USD/JPY up 0.8% to 157.28. Looking ahead, 
today's key data release will be the ECB's consumer inflation expectations survey. Later, comments 
from President Lagarde on the sidelines of today's Eurogroup meeting in Dublin could confirm the 
ECB's firm stance against upside risks for core inflation. 
Rates 
► Some relief in EUR rates, driven by a slight decline in Brent crude prices and the term premium. 
The Fed's rate hike on Wednesday evening ultimately helped lower overall volatility in the fixed-
income market. The 10Y Bund yield fell below 3.5%. However, the front-end remained anchored 
despite lower energy prices, leading to a flattening of the curves. 
► Sovereign spreads widened slightly despite the rally in rates. The 10Y OAT-Bund spread widened 
by 1 bp to 97 bps, hovering at the top of its recent range as French political risk remains top of 
mind ahead of the budget. 
FX 
► 
The DXY fell -0.20% to 100.07, erasing part of the +0.70% jump saw the previous day following the 
Fed's rate hike. 
► 
The British pound sharply underperformed the euro, with EUR/GBP rising 0.40% to 0.8598. 
► 
The Swedish krona posted the best performance in the G10, with USD/SEK declining -0.46% to 
9.8157 and EUR/SEK down -0.29% to 11.2730. 
► 
USD/JPY dropped -0.31% to 155.79, amid expectations of a rate hike by the Bank of Japan. 
 
HIGHLIGHTS 
► 
BoJ: The Bank of Japan raised its benchmark rate by 25 bps to 1.25% in a split decision. The yen 
weakened as two board members voted against the hike, resisting the fastest pace of tightening 


[Page 2]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
in over three decades. Additionally, a lack of hawkish forward guidance in the statement failed to 
support the currency, especially compared to the Federal Reserve’s highly coordinated and 
unanimous rate decision earlier this week. 
► 
BoE: While the MPC aimed to soothe the gilt market with its structured QT overhaul, its rate 
guidance remained decidedly hawkish. The Committee flagged intensifying upside inflation risks 
since its last meeting, noting that the economy may withstand higher rates better than 
previously feared. Stressing that key inflation indicators operate on a lag, the Committee made a 
powerful case for proactive, preemptive rate hikes rather than a reactive ‘wait-and-see' approach. 
Accordingly, we are shifting our policy call and now expect a 25bp rate hike to 4.00% as early as 
November. See for more details: BoE: Gilt market calmed as rate-hike fears rise. 
► 
France: Prime Minister Sébastien Lecornu unveiled the 2027 budget, targeting a €54bn fiscal 
consolidation effort to reduce the deficit to 5% of GDP without hiking headline tax rates. However, 
the 2026 deficit is now expected to exceed 5% to remain "well below 5.5%" (our forecast: 5.2%). This 
will mark France's fourth consecutive year with a deficit at or above the 5% of GDP threshold. 
► 
Eurozone: final august headline inflation rose to 3.25% (slightly below the 3.26% flash estimate) up 
from 2.94% in July, while core inflation eased to 2.40%, down from 2.48% in July (2.41% in the flash). 
► 
EU/Canada:  The newly announced "associated member" status for Canada is largely a political 
communication exercise, as EU-Canada relations are already deeply integrated. Economically, 
the EU is Canada's second-largest trading partner, while Canada remains a key top-12 partner for 
the EU in both goods and services. This relationship is anchored by active bilateral frameworks, 
including the Strategic Partnership Agreement (SPA), the 2023 Green and Digital Alliances, and 
Canada’s participation in Horizon Europe. Additionally, both partners maintain strict geopolitical 
alignment, co-funding macro-financial support for Ukraine and closely coordinating sanctions 
against Russia. 
DAY AHEAD 
► 
Eurozone: ECB 1Y and 3Y Consumer expectations [10:00] 
► 
United States: August Industrial production [15:15] 
► 
ECB speaker: C. Lagarde [12:30] 
► 
Fed speakers: Bowman [15:30] and Schmid [17:45] 
MARKET RECAP 
 
 


[Page 3]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
 
 
INDUSTRY NEWS 
 
Real Estate  
► 
AI and Office space – according to IPE, AI should augment office jobs rather than eliminate 
them, driving long-term job growth and productivity. While highly educated, older and female 
white-collar workers face the most exposure, a slow-down in entry-level hiring is the main 
current disruption. Geographically, new jobs are shifting outside traditional city centers. 
According to Savills, AI is boosting office as venture-backed AI companies are driving an 83% 
surge in space demand. 
► 
Unlisted fund regained appeal – according to Bloomberg, Blackstone is coordinating a 
secondary sale for its $11bn real estate fund, managed under its $57.7bn Blackstone Property 
Partners (BPP) strategy. This formal effort aims to help existing institutional investors cash out 
following high redemption demands triggered by rising interest rates. To retain capital, 
Blackstone also cut management fees by 30%, even as BPP's performance begins to recover 
through investments in data centers. 
► 
US Healthcare – according to Green Street, the senior housing sector shows a highly favorable 
outlook due to historic supply constraints. Current construction pipelines have fallen to post-
GFC lows and lengthy development timelines of 5 years continue to delay new inventory. While 
premium Class A projects remain feasible with estimated yields near 8%, average-quality 
developments are currently hindered by high construction costs. Consequently, 5-year supply 
growth forecasts is reduced, which maintains upward pressure on market rent as demand is 
projected to outpace supply through 2030. 
Last
Yest. move
vs Close -5D
10Y-UST (%,*)
4,94
-9,2
-2,4
10Y-Bund (%,*)
3,48
-3,0
-2,4
10Y OAT-Bund spread (bp,*)
97
0,7
2,7
10Y BTP-Bund spread (bp,*)
86
0,5
-1,9
10Y US inflation B/E (%,*)
2,31
-2,0
-6,1
iTraxx Europe Main 5Y (bp,*)
53
-1,1
-0,3
iTtraxx Europe XO 5Y (bp,*)
253
-6,6
-4,8
iTraxx Europe Fin. Senior 5Y (bp,*)
55
-1,2
-0,2
VIX Futures†
17,9
1,2
1,2
S&P 500 Mini Futures
7659
1,1
0,0
Euro Stoxx 50 Futures
6315
0,8
-0,2
Nikkei 225
65120
0,3
1,7
Hang Seng Index
24808
-0,4
0,0
US Dollar DXY
100,31
0,0
1,2
EUR / USD
1,148
0,1
-1,0
GBP / USD
1,336
-0,2
-1,2
USD / JPY
157,22
-0,2
2,4
Gold
4385,0
1,8
0,8
Brent Futures
103,4
-1,0
-1,1
Variations expressed in %, except for * : variations in bps or for † : variations in index points.
Source: Bloomberg.


[Page 4]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Infrastructures  
► 
Telesat (NR/Caa2/NR) and Orange (BBB+/Baa1/BBB+) have commissioned the first European 
ground gateway for the Lightspeed low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite network at Orange's teleport 
in France. This gateway is a critical piece of infrastructure for Telesat's planned 225-satellite 
constellation, which aims to launch global commercial LEO services by early 2028. 
High Yield  
► 
Apollo Global Management (A/A2/A) is in talks to increase a loan to SoftBank Group 
(BB+/Ba3/NR) from $5.4bn to $9bn, helping the Japanese holding finance its investment in 
OpenAI. The funding, which is not yet finalized, is backed by assets in SoftBank’s Vision Fund 2 
(mostly its 13% stake in OpenAI). 
 
RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS 
► Euro area: August Inflation Review Final estimate - EMEA MACRO SNAPSHOT 
► France: Facing the headwinds – MARKET INSIGHT RATES 
► China Treats AI as Comprehensive Strategy and That Makes a Big Difference - ASIA THEMATIC 
INSIGHTS 
► FOMC Recap: Ooh aah, just a little bit? - US MACRO INSIGHTS 
► Veolia Environnement: Buy VIEFP 3.678 09/02/30 €/ Sell EDF 4 ⅜ 10/12/29 € - CREDIT NEWS 
UTILITIES 
► KRW: The Balancing Act Amid Opposing Forces – MARKET INSIGHT APAC FX 
► 2-10y OAT steepener against euro swap – TRADE IDEAS RATES 
► Middle East Weekly Tracker - Saudi’s resilience to the war has ended with the closure of the east-
west pipeline with pressure on the oil market - MIDDLE EAST MACRO SNAPSHOT 
► Renault’s Own Way - THEMATIC RESEARCH TRANSPORTATION MOBILITY 
► Market correction is looming - REAL ESTATE QUARTERLY 
 
RESEARCH LATEST FORECASTS 
► Back to school 26: Rates back to 2007 - ECB new scenario 25Pbs in September 
 
RESEARCH EVENTS 
 
Replays  
► Quarterly markets update: Hawkish Shift for Central Banks 
► Mid-Year Outlook Markets 2026: Our expectations and top trades for H2 2026 
► Mid-Year Outlook 2026 


[Page 5]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
► What to expect from the economies in the Gulf? Zooming into oil markets, credit risk and cross-
border bank flows 
► In the AI of the Storm 
► Iran – what comes next? Energy market and macro considerations 
 
 
FOLLOW US 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 DISCLAIMERS 
GENERAL DISCLAIMER  
SPECIFIC DISCLAIMER  
 
 
In compliance with Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) that came into force on 3 July 2016, please find relevant information regarding investment recommendations. As a staff member of Natixis, the 
producer of the document is considered as the author of an investment recommendation as defined by MAR. Policy for managing conflicts of interest: 
Natixis’ current internal procedures. Natixis has neither verified nor conducted an independent analysis of the information contained in this 
document. Therefore, Natixis makes no statement or warranty and makes no commitment to the recipients of this document in any way (express or implied) as to its relevance, the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained therein or the appropriateness of the assumptions to which it refers. Indeed, the information contained herein does not take into account the specific 
accounting or tax rules that would apply to Natixis' counterparties, customers or potential customers. Natixis cannot therefore be held liable for any differences in valuation between its own data and 
that of third parties, these differences being due in particular to considerations on the application of accounting rules, tax or valuation models. The statements, assumptions and opinions contained in 
this document may be changed or may be withdrawn by Natixis at any time without notice.  
Natixis shall not be liable for any financial loss, damages, or any decision taken on the basis of the information contained in this document and Natixis does not hold itself out as providing any advice, 
particularly in relation to investment services.  
In any event, you should independently retain any internal and/or external advice that you consider necessary or desirable to obtain, including any financial, legal, tax or accounting advice, or any 
other specialist advice, in order to verify in particular that the investment(s), transaction(s), structure(s) or arrangement(s) described in this document meets your investment or financial objectives and 
constraints, and to obtain an independent valuation of such investment(s)/transaction(s), its risks factors and rewards. It should not be assumed that the information contained in this document will 
have been updated subsequent to the date stated on the front page of this document. In addition, the delivery of this document does not imply in any way an obligation on anyone to update the 
information contained herein at any time.  
Prices and margins are deemed to be indicative only and are subject to change at any time depending on, inter alia, market conditions. Past performances and simulations of past performances 
are not a reliable indicator and therefore do not anticipate future results. The information contained in this document may include results of analyses from a quantitative model, which represent 
potential future events, that may or may not be realized, and is not a complete analysis of every material fact representing any product. Information may be changed or may be withdrawn by Natixis 
at any time without notice. Natixis makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accomplishment of or reasonableness of, nor should any reliance be placed on any projections, 
targets, estimates or forecasts, or on the statements, assumptions and opinions expressed in this document. Nothing in this document should be relied on as a promise or guarantee as to the future. 
Natixis may have conflicts of interest: Natixis may from time to time, as principal or agent, be involved in a wide range of activities globally, have positions in, or may buy or sell, or make a market in 
any securities, currencies, financial instruments or other assets underlying the instruments to which the Information relates, including possibly a position that was accumulated on the basis of this 
analysis material prior to its dissemination. Trading desks may also have or take positions inconsistent with this material. Natixis activities related to those instruments may have an impact on the price 
of the relevant underlying asset and may give rise to conflicting interests or duties. 


[Page 6]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Natixis may provide services to any member of the same group as the recipient of the information or any other entity or person (a Third Party), engage in any transaction (on its own account or 
otherwise) with respect to the recipient of the information or a Third Party, or act in relation to any matter for itself or any Third Party, notwithstanding that such services, transactions or actions may 
be adverse to the recipient of the information or any member of its group, and Natixis may retain for its own benefit any related remuneration or profit. In addition, Natixis may, whether by virtue of the 
types of relationships described in this paragraph or otherwise, from time to time be in possession of information in relation to a particular instrument that is or may be material in the context of that 
instrument and that may or may not be publicly available or known to you. Our providing you with an indicative price quotation or other information with respect to any such instrument does not create 
any obligation on the part of Natixis to disclose to you any such information (whether or not confidential).  
Natixis reserves the right to record, exchange, analyse and use relevant information about you and your relationships with any affiliates of Natixis (including the nature of your transactions) for 
combating money laundering and terrorists financing as well as for credit assessment, market research, insurance and administrative purposes including back-office management. This may include 
information provided by you, or someone acting on your behalf. Relevant information may also be exchanged with members of the Natixis group and others, for audit or compliance purposes and if 
required by appropriate governmental and non-governmental regulators as well as in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
No part of author compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. The personal views of authors may differ from one 
another. Natixis, its subsidiaries and affiliates may have issued or may issue reports that are inconsistent with, and/or reach different conclusions from, the information presented herein. 
The stocks/companies mentioned might be subject to specific disclaimers. Please click on the following link to consult them: 
Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Régulation (ACPR) as a Bank-Investment Services 
Provider and subject to its supervision. Natixis is regulated by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers in respect of its investment services activities.  
This material is not, and is not intended to be, a “research report”, “investment research” or “independent research” as may be defined in applicable laws and regulations worldwide. However, it may 
constitute “research” as defined in Recital 28 of the Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 and in the Financial Conduct Authority’s Handbook. 
EU: In compliance with Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), please find relevant information regarding investment recommendations. If this material is an investment recommendation as that term is 
defined in Article 3(1)(35) of the EU and UK MAR, distribution of this material is subject to the relevant provisions of MAR. Policy for managing conflicts of interest: Summary-Policy-management-of-
conflicts-of-interests_ENG_20241212.pdf Information about potential conflicts of interest within Natixis/Groupe BCPE: 
– Natixis 
Corporation’s Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options, also known as the options disclosure document (ODD) available at: 
“RESEARCH REPORT” AS DEFINED IN CFTC REGULATIONS 1.71 and 23.605 AND IS TO BE DISTRIBUTED ONLY TO INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS. THIS 
COMMUNICATION HAS BEEN GENERATED BY ONE OR MORE EMPLOYEES OF NATIXIS AND IS BEING CONVEYED TO YOU EITHER (I) COMMENTARY ON ECONOMIC, POLITICAL, OR 
MARKET CONDITIONS AND STATISTICAL SUMMARIES OF MULTIPLE COMPANIES’ FINANCIAL DATA, WHICH MAY INCLUDE LISTS OF CURRENT RATINGS, AND ON THE BASIS OF 
WHICH NO INVESTMENT DECISION SHOULD BE MADE AS THIS MATERIAL IS CONDENSED, NOT COMPREHENSIVE, AND DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL RISK FACTORS OR OTHER MATTERS 
THAT MAY BE MATERIAL, OR (II) A SOLICITATION FOR ENTERING INTO A DERIVATIVES TRANSACTION, BUT IS NOT A BINDING OFFER TO BUY OR SELL ANY FINANCIAL INSTRUMENT. 
THE VIEWS EXPRESSED HEREIN ARE THOSE OF THE AUTHOR AS OF THE DATE OF THIS COMMUNICATION AND ARE NOT TO BE RELIED ON AS AUTHORITATIVE, AND DO NOT 
NECESSARILY REFLECT THE VIEWS OF NATIXIS OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR SUBSIDIARIES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, 
AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. THIS IS NOT A RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE. ANY VIEWS EXPRESSED HEREIN MAY NOT BE OBJECTIVE 
OR INDEPENDENT OF THE AUTHOR OR OTHER NATIXIS (AND ITS AFFILIATES) SALES AND TRADING DESKS, WHO ARE ACTIVE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MARKETS, INVESTMENTS, OR 
STRATEGIES REFERRED TO IN THIS COMMUNICATION. THEY ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. THIS COMMUNICATION IS BASED ON PUBLIC INFORMATION AND SHALL 
NOT BE USED NOR CONSIDERED AS AN UNDERTAKING FROM NATIXIS. NATIXIS TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE 
ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENTS OF THE COMMUNICATION. NEITHER THE AUTHORS NOR NATIXIS HAVE ANY OBLIGATION TO UPDATE, MODIFY OR OTHERWISE 
NOTIFY THE RECIPIENT IN THE EVENT ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN, INCLUDING ANY OPINION OR VIEW, CHANGES OR BECOMES INACCURATE. NATIXIS SHALL NOT BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY FINANCIAL LOSS, DAMAGES, OR ANY DECISION TAKEN ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED IN THIS COMMUNICATION AND NATIXIS DOES NOT 
PROVIDE ANY ADVICE, INCLUDING IN CASE OF INVESTMENT SERVICES. THIS COMMUNICATION IS COMMUNICATED TO EACH RECIPIENT FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY.  
This document does not constitute a financial analysis or research report and has not been developed in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment 
research. Accordingly, there are no prohibitions on dealing ahead of its dissemination. Opinions expressed may differ from the opinions expressed by other business units of Natixis. 
Natixis and each of its respective affiliates accepts no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential losses (in contract, tort or otherwise) arising from the use of this material or reliance 
on the information contained herein. However, this shall not restrict, exclude or limit any duty or liability to any person under any applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction which may not lawfully 
be disclaimed. 
No representation or assurance is provided by Natixis with respect to whether any product or financial instrument referenced in this document meets requirements or criteria established under any 
regulatory, industry or other rules and standards related to climate, sustainability or environmental matters. 
Canada: In Canada, this document may only be transmitted to “permitted clients” as defined in National Instrument 31-103. No further distribution is permitted. Distribution to retail investors is 
prohibited. In Canada, Natixis operates through Natixis Canada Branch, a Foreign Bank Branch (Schedule 3 – Lending only). Natixis Securities Americas LLC is not a registered broker-dealer in any 
Canadian province but operates under the International Dealer Exemption in each province. Natixis S.A. is not a registered broker-dealer in any Canadian province and operates under the International 
Dealer Exemption in Quebec and Ontario. Any securities transaction or other offer, sale, or solicitation will be structured to be in compliance with such exemption. 
Mexico: As per your request, this information is delivered to you, which strictly pertains to activities performed by Natixis, a Foreign Financial Entity in its country of origin, such institution is herein 
represented by its Representation Office in Mexico. This information is being delivered to you for information purposes only. Please note that the Representation Office in Mexico is prevented from 
negotiating, executing, or participating in (i) operations related to listed derivatives; and (ii) securing funds from the general public in Mexico. 
Brazil: This communication and the matters discussed therein have not been and will not be issued, placed, distributed or offered in the Brazilian market. Documents relating to this communication, 
as well as information contained therein may not be supplied to the public in Brazil nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of financial products or services to the public in 
Brazil. This communication will not be offered in Brazil, except in circumstances which do not constitute any breach or noncompliance with the Brazilian applicable legislation. Persons wishing to 
acquire or invest in any debt or equity interest in Brazil should consult with their own counsel as to the applicability of registration requirements or any exemption therefrom. This material is only 
intended for persons who are eligible investors residing in Brazil, which are considered to be Professional Investors (Investidores Profissionais), as designated by the applicable regulation, mainly the 
CVM Resolution No. 30 from the 11th of May 2021. 
Argentina: Products/services included in the presentation have not been and will not be publicly issued, placed, distributed, offered, or registered in Argentine Securities Commission (Comisión 
Nacional de Valores (CNV). Neither this nor any other material may be utilized in connection with any general offering to the public within Argentina. Any Argentine resident who acquires any products 
or services will do so under his/her own responsibility under the terms of a private offering to him/her, from outside of Argentina.  
Panama: This document and its content are for information purposes and shall not be interpreted as banking or financial intermediation, business solicitation and/or public offering of any kind. Natixis 
is duly authorized by the relevant authorities to carry out banking activities in the United States. Any and all services provided by Natixis are provided on a cross border basis outside of Panama. 
Natixis is not authorized by the Superintendence of Banks nor the Superintendence of the Securities Market to carry out any activities in Panama.The information contained herein is not intended to 
be a source of advice or credit analysis with respect to the material presented, and the information and/or documents contained in this material do not constitute investment advice or an invitation to 
offer. 
Peru: The products or information discussed here have not been registered under the Peruvian Securities Market Law (Supreme Decree N° 093-2002-EF) or before the Superintendencia del Mercado 
de Valores (SMV). There will be no public offering of the shares in Peru. The SMV has not reviewed the information provided to the investor. This material is only for the exclusive use of institutional 
investors in Peru and is not for public distribution. 


[Page 7]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
Colombia: By receiving this document you confirm that you have requested us to provide you this document and information on the matters described in it. You also confirm that your interest in 
requesting such documents and information arose out of your own private interest and was not the result of any direct or indirect solicitation, promotion or offering of services or products by Natixis or 
by any of its representatives. Accordingly, the information contained in this document is not intended and should not be construed as constituting onshore promotion, marketing or solicitation of 
securities-market services or products. The distribution of the information contained in this document is restricted by law and persons who access it are required to comply with all such restrictions. 
The information is not intended to be published or made available to any person in any jurisdiction where doing so would contravene any applicable laws or regulations. By receiving this document, 
you confirm that you are aware of the laws in Colombia relating to the promotion and marketing of financial services products and you warrant and represent that you will not pass on or utilise the 
information contained in this document in a manner that could constitute a breach of such laws by Natixis, its affiliates or any other person. Any securities mentioned in this document have not been 
and will not be registered with the National Register of Securities ("Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores") maintained by the Colombian Financial Superintendency ("Superintendencia Financiera 
de Colombia") and may not be publicly offered or sold in Colombia. This information does not constitute and should not be construed as an offer to enter into any agreement, or to purchase or 
subscribe any securities. The information on the following pages is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute investment, legal, tax or other advice or any recommendation to 
buy, sell or otherwise transact in any of the funds or securities mentioned. Prospective investors should take appropriate professional advice before making any investment decision. 
Bolivia: Natixis is not authorized to conduct in Bolivia activities reserved by law for financial intermediation entities and/or brokerage firms. The products/services offered will be provided from Natixis's 
offices outside of Bolivia.  
Chile: This communication and any accompanying information (the "Materials") are intended solely for informational purposes and do not constitute (and should not be interpreted to constitute) the 
selling, or conducting of business with respect to such products or services in Chile (this "Jurisdiction"), or the conducting of any brokerage, banking or other similarly regulated activities in this 
Jurisdiction. Natixis ("Bank") is not registered (or intended to be registered) in this Jurisdiction. The Materials are private, confidential and are sent by the Bank only for the exclusive use of the 
addressee. The Materials must not be publicly distributed and any use of the Materials by anyone other than the addressee is not authorized. The addressee is required to comply with all applicable 
laws in this Jurisdiction, including, without limitation, tax laws and exchange control regulations, if any. The services do not include the offer or intermediation of any securities. Additionally, the Bank 
will not be liable for investment decisions made by the client based on the information derived or obtain from the Bank's materials. 
UK: In the UK, Natixis SA is authorised by L'Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de resolution (ACPR), supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) and regulated by the Autorité des Marchés 
Financiers (AMF), Authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. Details 
about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available from us on request. 
Germany: Natixis Zweigniederlassung Deutschland is subject to a limited form of regulation by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) with regards to the conduct of its business 
in Germany under the right of establishment there. The transfer / distribution of this document in Germany is performed by / under the responsibility of Natixis Zweigniederlassung Deutschland.  
Spain: Natixis is regulated by Bank of Spain and the CNMV (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores) for the conduct of its business under the right of establishment in Spain.  
Italy: Natixis is regulated by Bank of Italy and the CONSOB (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa) for the conduct of its business under the right of establishment in Italy. 
Japan: Natixis Tokyo Branch is authorized in Japan by the Financial Service Agency as a Bank. Natixis Japan Securities Co., Ltd. (NJS) is a Financial Instruments Business Operator (Director General 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 2527 and a Money Lender (Tokyo Governor (4) No. 31548), supervised by the Financial Services Agency. NJS is a member of the Japan Securities 
Dealers Association and Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association. This document is intended solely for distribution to Professional Investors as defined in Article 2.31 of the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act.  
Hong Kong: In Hong Kong, Natixis is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (the “SFC”) to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), 
Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities), Type 5 (advising on futures contracts) and Type 6 (advising on Corporate Finance) regulated activities under the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (“SFO”). This document has not been approved by the SFC nor has a copy of this document been registered by the Registrar of Companies 
in Hong Kong, unless specified otherwise. The investments contained herein may or may not be authorised by the SFC. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investments contained 
herein. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. The investments may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means 
of any document, other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO, or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong)(the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the 
public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O. No person shall issue or possess for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to 
the investments, which to his knowledge is or contains an invitation to the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the applicable laws and rules of Hong Kong) other than with respect 
to investments which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. This 
document is not and should not be construed as Natixis (or any affiliate or anyone else) offering or holding itself out as being willing or able to provide any service or to carry on any activity which it is 
not licensed to provide or carry on in Hong Kong. 
Natixis Asia Limited is registered with the Securities and Futures Commission to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities) and Type 
5 (advising on futures contracts) regulated activities under the Securities and Futures Ordinance. 
Singapore: Natixis Singapore branch is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. If this document is distributed in Singapore, this document is intended solely for distribution to Institutional 
Investors, Accredited Investors and Expert Investors as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore.  
People’s Republic of China: In Mainland China, Natixis Shanghai branch and Natixis Beijing branch are regulated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”, which, for such purposes, does not 
include the Hong Kong or Macau Specifical Administrative Regions or Taiwan) by National Financial Regulatory Administration, the People’s Bank of China, and the State Administration of Foreign 
Exchange for the engagement of banking business. This document is intended solely for distribution to investors of the PRC who are qualified/authorized under the laws of the People’s Republic of 
China to engage in the purchase of Product of the type being offered or sold. PRC investors are responsible for verifying their eligibility to purchase the Product, obtaining all relevant approvals/licenses, 
verification and/or registrations themselves from relevant governmental authorities, and complying with all relevant applicable regulatory requirements under the PRC legal regime, including, but not 
limited to, all relevant foreign exchange regulations and/or outbound investment regulations.  
Taiwan: In Taiwan, Natixis Taipei Branch is authorized by the Financial Supervisory Commission as a commercial bank and is subject to its supervision. The Product may not be sold or offered to 
Taiwan resident investors or in Taiwan unless they are made available, (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan and/or (ii) investors are authorized to engage in the purchase 
of product in accordance with applicable laws.  
South Korea: In Korea, Natixis Asia Limited Seoul Branch is registered as a licensed financial investment business entity under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (“FSCMA”) 
and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Services and Financial Services Commission. This document/communication is distributed by Natixis Asia Limited Seoul Branch in the republic of Korea to 
Professional Investor only and is not intended for investors in Korea who are not Professional Investor within the meaning of the Article 9(5) of the FSCMA and should not be passed on to any such 
persons. Some products or transactions described in this document/communication may not be authorized in Korea and may not be available to Korean investors. This document/communication is 
being provided in accordance with procedures required under applicable laws and regulations as well as internal control standards of Natixis Asia Limited, Seoul Branch. 
India, Indonesia, and Thailand: Natixis has set-up representative offices in India, Indonesia and Thailand. The activities of the representative offices are supervised by the Reserve Bank of India, 
the Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (Financial Services Authority) and the Bank of Thailand respectively. 
Australia: Natixis Asia Limited is registered with the Securities and Futures Commission to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities) 
and Type 5 (advising on futures contracts) regulated activities under the SFO. If this document is distributed in Hong Kong, this document is only to Professional Investors as defined in the SFO of 
Hong Kong and any rules made under the SFO. 
In Australia, Natixis has a wholly owned subsidiary, Natixis Australia Pty Limited ("NAPL"). NAPL is registered with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and holds an Australian 
Financial Services License (No. 317114) which enables NAPL to conduct its financial services business in Australia with "wholesale" clients. Details of the AFSL are available upon request Natixis 
S.A. is not an Authorised Deposit-Taking Institution under the Australian Banking Act 1959, nor is it regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. Any references made to banking in the 
document refer to Natixis activities outside of Australia.  
United Arab Emirates: Natixis is authorized by the ACPR and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) for the conduct of its business in and from the Dubai International Financial 
Centre (DIFC). The document is being made available to the recipient with the understanding that it meets the DFSA definition of a Market Counterparty or Professional Client; the recipient is otherwise 
required to inform Natixis if this is not the case and return the document. 
In accordance with the Decision No (13/R.M) of 2021 on the Financial Activities Rulebook and Mechanisms of Adjustment of the Securities and Commodities Authority (SCA) (the SCA Rulebook), the 
products to which this document relates may only be promoted in the UAE (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) and the Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM)) as follows: (i) to a 
person who meets the definition of a “professional investor” under the SCA Rulebook; or (ii) following a ‘reverse’ (i.e., unsolicited) enquiry by an investor. Further, this document does not constitute a 
public offer of securities in the United Arab Emirates (including the DIFC and the ADGM) and is not intended to be a public offer. The SCA has not verified this document or other documents in 
connection with the products. Accordingly, the SCA has not approved this document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this document. The 
SCA may not be held liable for the accuracy or completeness of the information in this document. The products to which this document relates may be illiquid or subject to restrictions on their resale. 
Prospective investors should conduct their own due diligence on the products. If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
The recipient also acknowledges and understands that neither the document nor its contents have been approved, licensed by or registered with any regulatory body or governmental agency in the 
GCC or Lebanon.  
Oman: In Oman, Natixis neither has a registered business presence nor a representative office and does not undertake banking business or provide financial services in Oman. Consequently, Natixis 
is not regulated by either the Central Bank of Oman or Oman’s Financial Services Authority. This document has been prepared by Natixis. The information contained in this document is for discussion 
purposes only and neither constitutes an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (Royal Decree 18/2019) or the Securities Law (Royal Decree 
46/2022), nor does it constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of any offer to buy non-Omani securities in Oman as contemplated by Article 139 of the Executive Regulations to the Capital Market 
Law (issued vide CMA Decision 1/2009). Additionally, this document is not intended to lead to the conclusion of a contract for the sale or purchase of securities. Natixis does not solicit business in 
Oman and the only circumstances in which Natixis sends information or material describing financial products or financial services to recipients in Oman, is where such information or material has 
been requested from Natixis and by receiving this document, the person or entity to whom it has been dispatched by Natixis understands, acknowledges and agrees that this document has not been 
approved by the CBO, the FSA or any other regulatory body or authority in Oman. Natixis does not market, offer, sell or distribute any financial or investment products or services in Oman and no 
subscription to any securities, products or financial services may or will be consummated within Oman. This document has not been approved by the FSA or any other regulatory body or authority in 
Oman, and no authorization, licence or approval has been received by Natixis from the FSA or any other regulatory authority in Oman, to market, offer, sell, or distribute the securities within Oman. 
Natixis does not advise persons or entities resident or based in Oman as to the appropriateness of investing in or purchasing or selling securities or other financial products. Nothing contained in this 
document is intended to constitute Omani investment, legal, tax, accounting or other professional advice. The recipient of this communication represents that it is a financial institution and/or is a 


[Page 8]
Marketing communication: This document is a marketing presentation. It has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research; and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research.
C2 - Internal Natixis
sophisticated investor (as described in Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Market Law) and that its officers/employees have such experience in business and financial matters that 
they are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of investments. 
Qatar: The investments described in this document have not been, and will not be, offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This document has not been, and will not be, filed with, reviewed by or approved by the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority or any other relevant Qatari 
authority. This document is intended for the original recipient only and should not be provided to any other person. It is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar and should not be reproduced 
or used for any other purpose. 
Saudi Arabia: Natixis Saudi Arabia Investment Company, licensed and regulated by the Capital Market Authority (Number: 19205-31), located in Alfaisaliah Tower, 16th Floor, King Fahad Road, 
Riyadh – KSA. 
Turkey: Natixis is not licensed in Turkey to perform any banking/capital market activity. No information in this document is provided for the purpose of offering, marketing and sale by any means of 
any capital market instruments in the Republic of Turkey. Therefore, this document may not be considered as an offer made or to be made to residents of the Republic of Turkey. Accordingly, neither 
this document nor any other material may be utilized in connection with any offering to the public within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the Turkish Capital Markets Board. However, 
according to Article 15 (d) (ii) of the Decree No. 32 there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of products in this document by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase or 
sell such products in the financial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey; and such sale and purchase is made through banks, and/or licensed brokerage firms in the Republic of Turkey. 
Links from or to web sites outside Natixis sites are meant for convenience only. Natixis does not review, endorse, approve or control, and is not responsible for any sites linked from or to Natixis sites, 
the content of those sites, the third parties named therein, or their products and services. Linking to any other site is at your sole risk and Natixis will not be responsible or liable for any damages in 
connection with linking. No endorsement or approval of any third parties or their advice, opinions, information, products or services is expressed or implied by these materials. 
 
