[Page 1]
EXCLUSIVE-US shale oil producer HighPeak Energy exploring sale, sources say 
HighPeak Energy is exploring a sale after receiving acquisition interest, as the U.S. oil and gas exploration and 
production company focused on the Permian Basin weighs its options, three people familiar with the matter said. The 
Fort Worth, Texas-headquartered producer is working with investment bankers at Evercore and Texas Capital Securities 
to engage potential buyers, with talks held in recent weeks, the sources said. The move comes after HighPeak, which 
operates in the Midland portion of the Permian Basin, received an acquisition offer from an international party, the 
sources added, declining to identify the bidder. HighPeak has a market value of around $1 billion, and carried $1.1 
billion of long-term debt as of June 30, according to data provider LSEG. The sources cautioned there was no certainty 
the sale effort would lead to a transaction, and spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss confidential matters. 
HighPeak and Evercore did not respond to requests for comment. Texas Capital declined to comment. Since the Iran 
war began in February, the conflict has throttled the movement of crude through the Strait of Hormuz, roiling global oil 
markets. The latest tensions spiked prices this week above $100 per barrel again. Crude assets in stable jurisdictions 
such as the United States have become more desirable for buyers as a result, energy dealmakers say. HighPeak has 
more than 140,000 acres (57,000 hectares) in the Midland, part of the shale formation considered the heart of the U.S. 
shale industry. It produced around 45,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first half of this year, according to an 
August company presentation. HighPeak previously explored a sale in 2023, when it announced plans to pursue 
strategic alternatives. The company has been publicly traded since 2020, following a merger with blank-check firm Pure 
Acquisition Corporation. 
 
India says new US tariffs over Russian oil could hit ties, vows to protect energy security 
India has told Washington that new measures to levy tariffs over the purchase of Russian oil could impact bilateral ties, 
the South Asian nation's foreign ministry said on Thursday, hours after the U.S. made a new move to punish such 
buyers. The United States is India's top export destination with goods shipments rising to $42.79 billion in April-August 
from $40.39 billion a year earlier, according to the latest official data. Earlier in the day, the U.S. House of 
Representatives passed a sweeping sanctions and tariff bill intended to increase economic pressure on Russia over its 
invasion of Ukraine. The bill, now sent to President Donald Trump to sign into law, authorizes him to impose stiff tariffs 
of up to 100% on China, India and other countries to reduce their dependence on Russian energy. The Indian foreign 
ministry said that it had noted the passage of the bill, adding that New Delhi had raised the issue with the U.S. in recent 
months, and had "very clearly articulated" the potential implications for the bilateral relationship and the international 
energy market. New Delhi remains "firmly committed" to ensuring energy security for its people and would continue to 
source supplies from diverse sellers based on market dynamics, the ministry said in a statement. "The Indian side has 
also made clear its determination to take all necessary measures to protect its trade and economic interests," said the 
ministry, adding that the government would work closely with trade and industry bodies to deal with the implications of 
the legislation. India, the world's third-biggest oil importer, is among the biggest buyers of Russian oil, which is seen as 
helping Moscow replenish its budget since it launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and was hit with 
⁠sweeping Western sanctions. New Delhi has repeatedly sought to resist pressure to scale back its oil trade with 
Russia, saying its large population and economy need secure, affordable and reliable energy supplies. Indian refiners 
have arranged oil for September and October which includes Russian oil, according to sources aware of the matter. Two 
refining sources said they wanted the government to take up the issue with U.S. authorities as oil prices would rise 
sharply if Trump decided to impose new tariffs. Oil supplies have reduced substantially due to the war in the Middle East 
and cutting Russian supplies would have a big impact on the profits of refiners as they were already selling fuels at 
below-market costs, the sources said. Refiners want the government to seek some relaxation, instead of imposing a 
100% tariff, to allow them to wind down the existing transactions and fix a quota for India to buy Russian oil, they added. 
India's oil, trade and foreign affairs ministries did not immediately respond to emailed requests for comments.  
 
COMPLICATING TRADE TALKS  
Indian analysts say the possibility of new U.S. tariffs on Indian exports could complicate ongoing India-U.S. trade 
negotiations and potentially delay or make an agreement on a trade pact more difficult. "Washington may use the tariff 
threat to pressure India to reduce Russian oil purchases and accept a deeply unequal trade agreement," said Ajay 
Srivastava, founder of New Delhi-based think-tank Global Trade Research Initiative and a former trade official. After 
months of talking, India and the U.S. are yet to reach a consensus on a trade agreement, with New Delhi holding out for 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 


[Page 2]
a better deal. Indian Trade Minister Piyush Goyal will travel to the U.S. for the G20 trade ministers' meeting later this 
month and is expected to meet U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson Greer to discuss the path forward for the deal. New 
Delhi had initially expected to sign an interim deal in March, followed by a full deal later. This was after Trump agreed in 
early February to cut his previous punitive tariffs of 50% on Indian goods in return for commitments from New Delhi, 
including halting Russian oil imports, lowering duties on U.S. goods and pledging to buy $500 billion worth of American 
products. Shipments from India to the U.S. held steady during Trump's previous round of high tariffs on India, and have 
grown since.  
 
Immigration crackdown puts Australia's wheat harvest at risk, industry groups say 
A crackdown on immigration could cause labour shortages across the agricultural sector and threaten the upcoming 
wheat harvest, Australian farm groups said, joining a slew of business groups warning that tighter migration rules could 
hit the economy. Australia's centre-left Labor government on Thursday announced a raft of measures to reduce annual 
immigration by tens of thousands of people. The new rules will include a ballot system that restricts the number of 
working holiday maker visa holders who can extend their stay into a second or third year. Also known as backpacker 
visas, these are used by farms and other rural businesses including the hospitality and tourism sectors. Processing time 
for these visas will increase to three months from what farm groups said was previously just a few days. Australia is the 
world's third-biggest exporter of wheat and a huge shipper of other products ranging from canola and barley to beef and 
wine. One in seven farm jobs is occupied by a worker on a backpacker visa and the proportion is far higher in some 
areas and during harvest periods when extra labour is needed, the National Farmers' Federation said. The government 
had already implemented a go-slow on the granting of working holiday maker visas, leaving some farms without enough 
staff, said NFF President Hamish McIntyre. "Farmers need approvals in days, not months. For many farms, three 
months is the difference between harvesting a crop and losing it," he said, adding that labour shortages could reduce 
production and push up prices. Australia's harvest of winter crops including wheat will begin in the coming weeks. 
"There's a real risk that crops will be left to rot and remote businesses just won't be able to operate," said opposition 
lawmaker Susan McDonald, the shadow minister for resources and northern Australia. Prime Minister Anthony 
Albanese's government is under pressure from a resurgent right-wing populist party, One Nation, to tighten the country's 
borders. Immigration has ranked among voters' top concerns in recent polls. The government plan also restricts the 
ability of foreign students to bring family members to Australia. "Almost one in three occupations in this country are short 
of workers right now," said Bran Black, CEO of the Business Council of Australia. "That translates to not enough workers 
building homes, caring for us in hospitals and aged care homes, delivering infrastructure and powering the energy 
transition. That is the challenge that any migration policy should be looking to solve," he said. Immigration into Australia 
surged after the country reopened its borders in February 2022 following nearly two years of COVID-19 closures. The 
rise was driven largely by international students, backpackers and temporary workers. However, numbers have been 
declining over the past two years. Net overseas migration stood at 306,000 people in the year to June 30, 2025, down 
from a peak of 556,000 in the year to September 30, 2023. 
 
India rice output faces biggest drop in two decades, stocks cushion exports 
India's rice production is set to fall this year for the first time in a decade, and by the most in nearly 20 years, as below-
normal rainfall during the crop's maturation period threatens to cut yields, industry officials told Reuters. The drop in the 
world's biggest rice-producing and exporting country will lift local prices and make exports expensive at a time when 
prices are already rising in other exporting countries such as Thailand and Vietnam. However, massive inventories built 
up from record harvests in recent years will allow New Delhi to maintain exports at record levels despite the lower 
output. "Yields will be lower due to reduced rainfall. We estimate that production could decline by around 10 million 
metric tons," said B.V. Krishna Rao, president of the Rice Exporters Association. That would be nearly a 6.5% drop from 
last year's record 154 million tons and be the biggest decline since 2009/10, when an El Niño-induced drought curtailed 
production. The prolonged dry spell in recent weeks has significantly reduced yield potential in southern and eastern 
states, Rao said. India has so far received 15% lower rainfall than normal since the four-month-long monsoon season 
started on June 1, weather ⁠department data showed. But in some rice-growing states, the deficit is as high as 42%. 
The crop area of summer-sown rice stood at 42.68 million hectares as of September 11, nearly 4% lower than a year 
earlier, government data showed. Summer-sown crops account for more than 80% of total production. Winter-sown 
crops account for the rest. The area under winter-sown rice is also likely to fall as reservoirs are holding less water than 
normal, said Nitin Gupta, deputy country head at Olam Agri India, an agricultural commodity trader. Local rice prices 
have already started to rise on expectations of lower production, lifting export prices to their highest level in more than a 
year. "This year, farmers growing premium varieties will get higher prices in the open market. That will also lead to lower 
sales to the government," said Rao. With India holding massive rice stockpiles, it should still be able to export the grain 
Top News - Agriculture 


[Page 3]
without imposing restrictions, said a New Delhi-based dealer with a global trading house. State reserves of rice, 
including unmilled paddy, totalled a record 59.6 million tons as of September 1, far exceeding the government's target of 
10.3 million tons by October 1. 
EXPLAINER-What commodity markets can expect from the Trump-Xi summit 
Trade in agriculture, energy and rare earths has become major bargaining chips in the trade war between the United 
States and China and are likely to feature again when President Donald Trump hosts his counterpart Xi Jinping in 
Washington next week. Here's what else we know:  
 
AGRICULTURE 
Agricultural goods, led by soybeans, are one of the biggest US exports to China, reaching $29 billion in 2024. They are 
also among the least sensitive parts of the trade relationship and thus a likely area for agreement. At the Busan summit 
in South Korea last year, China agreed to purchase 25 million metric tons of US soybeans annually through 2028, 
according to the White House. US officials say Beijing then agreed to add on another $17 billion in other agricultural 
product purchases during Trump's visit to Beijing in May. Beijing has never acknowledged those agreements, but is 
nonetheless on track to meet the soybean commitment. Hitting the other will probably require exempting agricultural 
imports from a final 10% tariff leftover from the trade war. Analysts expect some waivers after US Trade Representative 
Jamieson Greer said on September 3 there could be announcements to incentivize US agricultural sales to China. 
Sorghum and corn are candidates as historically they were the largest exports apart from soybeans.  
 
ENERGY 
China has been a modest, if intermittent, buyer of US oil and gas over the past decade, but imports ground to a halt last 
year after Beijing imposed tariffs of 10% to 15%. Washington has been pushing to change that since Trump's visit to 
Beijing in May. Bloomberg reported on Tuesday energy tariffs could be part of a $30 billion package of reciprocal tariff 
cuts flagged after the May summit but not yet implemented. That could lead to the resumption of imports, which annually 
ranged from $7.5 billion to $12 billion between the end of the previous trade war in 2020 and 2024. However, that would 
not immediately translate to a big new windfall for US LNG producers. While Chinese imports of LNG stopped after the 
tariffs, Chinese buyers are still fulfilling long-term contracts with their US suppliers but reselling the cargoes after 
purchase. 
 
SANCTIONS 
China has historically been among the largest buyers of Iranian and Russian crude oil and the US has sanctioned 
refiners and other entities for the trade over the years. Ahead of the summit, the US has raised the possibility of ending 
some sanctions while also threatening to impose others. Trump said he would consider lifting some sanctions after his 
visit to Beijing, although they remain in place. Since August, US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has overseen a new 
push to impose secondary sanctions on banks financing Iranian trade, although Chinese banks have been 
conspicuously absent. 
 
RARE EARTHS 
China's control over production of rare earths and its decision to limit exports to the US brought Trump to the negotiating 
table this year, and while more material is now flowing from China, the issue is not fully resolved. US firms in sensitive 
industries such as aerospace or chipmaking still struggle for access, while some Chinese exporters refuse to ship to the 
US for fear of repercussions from Beijing if the relationship worsens again. Reuters has reported that the issue was on 
the US planning agenda and US officials have repeatedly called on Beijing to honour its commitments to keep the critical 
materials flowing.  
 
Jefferies-linked fund suing Radiant World says it may only hold $10,000 in cash 
The iron ore trader Radiant World may hold only $10,000 in cash, even though its most recent financial statements refer 
to cash balances of more than $200 million, lawyers for a Jefferies-linked fund suing Radiant over an alleged fraud said 
on Thursday. LAM Trade Finance Group II, in which US bank Jefferies holds a minority stake, obtained a freezing order 
last month from London's High Court against Radiant World and its founder Pinkesh Nahar as well as Sapphire 
Minmetals, which used to be part of the company. Singapore's police force last month said it was investigating Radiant 
World after reports that invoices provided to its banks may not have been valid. Radiant World, which has denied the 
allegations, did not reply to a request for comment on Thursday. Sapphire Minmetals did not respond to a request for 
comment. LAM Trade Finance Group II, which has also obtained freezing orders in Hong Kong and Singapore, says it 
Top News - Metals 


[Page 4]
purchased iron ore receivables from companies linked to Radiant and/or Sapphire, by which it bought the right to be 
paid by traders such as Glencore and Vitol. But those receivables either did not exist or were not validly assigned, it said 
in its claim against Radiant World. "It appears that the defendants used debit notes to paper over the cracks, as it is put 
by the claimant, for as long as they could and it is characterised that 'the well has now run dry'," Judge Simon Bryan said 
when he made the freezing order. In trading, receivables are amounts of money that a company is owed by its 
customers for goods that have already been delivered but not yet paid for. Nahar said in a document submitted by his 
lawyers for Thursday's hearing that it was not clear precisely what role he was alleged to have played. Nahar has 
indicated his intention to challenge the court's jurisdiction, said the document, which described the case as "a 
substantial, complex, $500 million international fraud claim". At Thursday's hearing, lawyers representing LAM Trade 
Finance Group II argued in court documents that the freezing order should remain in place because of the risk that the 
defendants would dissipate assets. They said asset totals provided in a witness statement on behalf of Radiant World 
were "substantially different" from those in financial statements for the year to September 30, 2025. "The audited 
financial statements refer to cash balances of over $200 million whereas (the statement) says that Radiant World holds 
only $10,000 in cash," they said. Radiant World is embroiled in other lawsuits. It has sued Glencore in Singapore 
seeking more than $2 billion. Judge Andrew Henshaw said on Thursday that the next London hearing was likely to take 
place in late December. 
Global LNG prices could spike this winter on low European gas stocks 
Global LNG prices could shoot higher this winter as Europe holds its lowest stocks in years and North Asian buyers face 
increased competition with the Strait of Hormuz still closed, executives said at an industry conference this week. Europe 
will enter this winter more vulnerable than usual amid storage levels that are lower than last year, industry executives 
and analysts said at Gastech in Bangkok. At the same time, the war on Iran has prevented Qatar and the United Arab 
Emirates from shipping liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz, leading to a loss of 36 million metric tons of 
supply this year, according to Shell. "Right now, where we stand in Europe is at a historically low storage level heading 
into the end of fall," said Shell's President of Integrated Gas Cederic Cremers. European Union natural gas stocks are 
currently 67% full, a record low for this time of year and far below an EU target of storage at 80% of capacity by 
December. Executives from Norwegian major Equinor said gas stocks could reach 75% full by November 1. Unlike the 
Ukraine crisis in 2022, European countries did not rush to build stockpiles during summer to meet winter demand due to 
a lack of financial incentives in a backwardated market, where prompt prices are higher than those in future months. 
"Unfortunately, it seems to us that Europe is in a very difficult position going into this winter," Cheniere Energy Chief 
Commercial Officer Anatol Feygin said. "(It's) not a secret to any of us that inventory levels are low. The prompt depends 
on how weather plays out." Germany's state-owned energy firm SEFE said on Wednesday it had already started 
increasing its natural gas storage levels as Europe heads into winter with the lowest inventories in years.  
 
PRICES COULD RISE BY A THIRD 
Asia's spot prices this year have already nearly tripled to close to $30 per million British thermal units, dampening 
demand, industry executives said, down from a pre-war range of around $10/mmBtu. "There's a big risk if we have a 
cold winter because there's very little spare supply available, and it'll really test the market," said Simon Flowers, 
chairman of consultancy Wood Mackenzie. If it's a colder winter than normal, prices may reach $40/mmBtu, equivalent 
to about $240 per barrel for Brent, Flowers said, adding that prices that high would probably result in some demand 
destruction. "If it turns out to be warm ... Prices will still be elevated, but they may not be much higher than they are 
today," he said, noting that with the Iran war escalating and widening, the Strait of Hormuz will likely remain constrained 
through the year-end. Equinor's Senior Vice President Marketing and Supply Helle Ostergaard Kristiansen told Reuters 
a cold winter in Europe and Asia and continued disruption to Hormuz LNG shipments would mean that European buyers 
likely have to compete with Asia for US supplies. The 45-day journey from the U.S. to North Asia, however, could pose a 
challenge for Asian buyers looking to deploy their ships quickly to meet demand, said ExxonMobil Vice President for 
Global LNG Marketing Andrew Barry. "This winter can be a challenging time for sure," Barry said. Shell's Cremers said: 
"We can all hope for a warm winter. But I think in all likelihood, with what we've seen the last few years, there will be 
more restocking need of getting into the winter, and no doubt then afterwards as well."  
 
ANALYSIS-Europe's low gas stocks pile on the economic and political pressure 
Europe's delay in restocking natural gas storage reserves, combined with near-record prices for diesel and other refined 
oil products, has added to the pressures on governments as they try to contain public discontent and the rise of the far-
right. The issue is acute in Europe's biggest economy Germany, where the Alternative for Germany, or AfD party, won 
elections in one state last week on a platform demanding peace with Moscow and the restoration of contracts for cheap 
Top News - Carbon & Power 


[Page 5]
Russian gas. A further AfD surge in state-level elections this weekend would tighten the squeeze on conservative 
Chancellor Friedrich Merz as he weighs his options for costly measures to lower fuel prices. Europe's gas storages, 
meant to serve as a buffer against supply and price shocks over the peak demand winter months, are 69% full, below 
the 85% average for this time of the year over the last five years, according to industry body Gas Infrastructure Europe.  
Germany and the Netherlands, which together hold 35% of the bloc's storage capacity, are major laggards as high 
energy prices due to disruption linked to the U.S.-Israeli war on Iran have deterred private companies from buying and 
governments from enforcing national storage targets. The calculation was that the Iran war, which began at the end of 
February, would end quickly, prices would retreat and companies could restock Europe's most important fuel at 
affordable prices, analysts said. That bet looks increasingly shaky. "Each month that Europe delays restocking raises 
pressure on prices as peak winter usage approaches," said UniCredit strategist Jonathan Schroer. Compared with the 
energy price shock around the time Russia began its invasion of Ukraine in 2022, prompting Europe to wean itself off 
Russian gas and introduce policies on gas storage targets for the winter peak heating season, the economic situation 
now is in some ways less critical. Countries have diversified their sources of energy and a softer labour market has 
curbed workers' ability to demand increased wages, helping to curb inflation. Governments, however, are still praying for 
a mild winter and the European Central Bank increased interest rates last week, with policymakers warning it may need 
to do so again if energy price pressures fail to recede. As global oil prices have climbed above $100 a barrel in response 
to an upsurge in the Middle Eastern conflict, petrol prices are 24% higher across the EU than a year earlier while diesel 
is up 38%, partly on hits to Russia's energy infrastructure by Ukraine. Jet fuel costs are up more than 100%. The gas 
benchmark is trading at €81 ($93) per megawatt hour, up 150% on a year earlier and above the ECB's "adverse" 
forecast, with risks skewed toward higher readings. Depending on the weather, Morgan Stanley predicted it could even 
go to €100/MWh. "Relying on weather for supply security is a risky bet," its analysts said. Other analysts said the risk 
was that storage sites will shrink and prices will remain high. "I could see in even just a normal cold winter, not even a 
dramatically cold winter, storage being very heavily depleted," said Jack Sharples at the Oxford Institute of Energy 
Studies. The subsequent need to replenish stocks in 2027 with imports could leave liquefied natural gas markets tighter 
for months after. 
 
GAS SHOCKS CAN BE ESPECIALLY PERSISTENT 
That outcome would be particularly bad news for the economy. Research from the Bank of Italy published in June found 
that while oil shocks tend to produce short-lived inflation, gas shocks generate stronger and much more persistent 
effects that seep into the underlying inflation most closely watched by the ECB. This is why financial investors think the 
ECB will be forced to raise interest rates another three or four times to a level that meaningfully restricts economic 
growth with higher borrowing costs that crimp consumer spending and deter investments. "My attention is now focused 
less on oil and fuel prices, but increasingly on gas and electricity prices," ECB policymaker Peter Kazimir said. 
Economists say the most vulnerable sectors are likely to be airlines, chemicals, autos, and building materials, while 
energy firms, utilities and banks can expect to be net winners, even if higher interest rates tend to be a drag on lending 
growth. As the pressure mounts on governments to blunt the cost of energy, Germany is notably exposed by the extent 
of its energy-intensive industry. Others are at risk as their weak public finances crimp their ability to act. Italy's ruling 
conservative coalition, trailing rivals in polls, said this week it would scrap road tax for 14.5 million cars and motorcycles 
from next year at a cost of over €2 billion on top of a cut to diesel excise duty that has already cost €2.8 billion. Such 
measures may calm immediate popular discontent but longer term will add to Italy's and other governments' mounting 
debts. "Blanket measures that affect everyone, including those who don't need them, are a false economy," French 
Finance Minister Roland Lescure told journalists on Tuesday. "Why? Because ultimately, we'll have to fund them." 
 
Iran imports Russian wheat through Caspian as Black Sea shipments stall 
Iran is gradually re-routing its imports of Russian wheat to the Caspian Sea as shipments via the Black Sea stall due to 
Ukrainian drone attacks and because the Strait of Hormuz is closed, analysts said on Thursday. Iran is one of the 
biggest buyers of Russian wheat. Alexander Sharov, head of RusIranExpo consultancy, said that Iran's purchases of 
wheat from Russia, the world's largest wheat exporter, from the ports of Makhachkala and Astrakhan on the Caspian 
Sea, have been on the rise this year. "Smaller traders from both Iran and Russia are doing the purchases in small 
cargoes," Sherov told Reuters, estimating Iran's wheat purchases at 200,000 metric tons in this marketing season, 
which kicked off in July. Another analyst, who declined to be identified due to the sensitivity of the issue, predicted that 
Russia's exports of wheat to Iran through the Caspian Sea are set to rise further as Black Sea trade is disrupted and the 
Strait of Hormuz remains virtually closed during the Iran war. Russia and Ukraine have been launching drone attacks on 
each other in the Black Sea, disrupting shipping. Consultancy Ikar says Iran is the fourth biggest buyer of Russian wheat 
so far this season, after Egypt, Azerbaijan and Kenya. Iran last month became the top buyer of Russian grain overall, 
Top News - Dry Freight  


[Page 6]
mainly barley and corn, which it traditionally imports from Caspian Sea terminals. According to ProZerno consultancy, as 
of September 8, Iran bought 913,000 metric tons of grain with corn making up about half and barley about a third, 
overtaking Egypt as Russia's top customer. 
 
South Korea’s MFG buys about 134,000 tons corn, traders say 
South Korea's Major Feedmill Group (MFG) purchased an estimated 134,000 metric tons of animal feed corn, to be 
sourced from optional origins in an international tender on Thursday, European traders said. The total tonnage to be 
supplied can vary according to the origin selected. A first consignment, of up to 68,000 tons, was bought for an outright 
$292.99 a ton cost and freight (c&f) plus a $1.50 a ton surcharge for additional port unloading. Of the total, 8,020 tons 
carried a premium of 194.73 US cents a bushel c&f over the Chicago March 2027 corn contract CH27. The grain, slated 
to reach South Korea around January 5, was believed to be sold by trading house Cargill. The second consignment, of 
up to 66,000 tons, was bought at an estimated $293.73 a ton c&f plus a $1.25 a ton surcharge for additional port 
unloading; of it, 7,500 tons also had a premium of 198.37 US cents a bushel c&f over the Chicago March 2027 contract. 
Trading house ADM was believed to be the seller of the grain due for arrival around January 15. Shipment for the 
January 5 consignment was sought for November 27-December 16, if sourced from the US Pacific Northwest coast; 
November 7-26, if from the US Gulf; November 2-21 from South America or November 17-December 6 from South 
Africa. If sourced from South Africa, only 50,000 tons need be supplied. The January 15 consignment was sought for 
shipment during December 7-26, if sourced from the US Pacific Northwest; November 17-December 6 from the US Gulf; 
November 12-December 1 from South America or November 27-December 16 from South Africa. If sourced from South 
Africa, only 55,000 tons need be supplied. Reports reflect assessments from traders, and further estimates of prices and 
volumes are possible later. 
 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Ahona Sengupta in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
