[Page 1]
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Coffee Break
Coffee Break is our daily publication, offering topical  
insights as an intellectual ingot to start the day. 
What is behind Japan selling USTs? 
18 September 2026 
Most of the reduction in UST exposure by Japan over the last few months 
has come mainly from selling T-bills and appears to be related to FX 
intervention, while underlying demand for longer-dated USTs remains 
resilient for now. 
JAPAN HAS SOLD MAINLY T-BILLS 
NET SALES OF USTS AND BOND VALUATION CHANGES (USD BN) 
 
Source: US Treasury, The Investment Institute by UniCredit 
THE CONTEXT 
 
As selling pressure on US Treasuries (USTs) has intensified, market attention has increasingly turned to the behaviour 
of key investor groups. Japanese investors are central to this debate. With just over USD 1.1tn, the country is the 
largest foreign holder of US government debt, accounting for around 3.5% of the whole market. Japan's reported 
holdings of USTs declined during the first seven months of 2026. Investors are concerned that Japanese holdings 
may fall further due to the need to stem currency weakness, an issue that remains open after the BoJ’s decision on 
rates overnight, and to deploy savings to absorb a growing supply of domestic government debt as the government 
engages in expansionary fiscal policy. Any sustained reduction in Japanese demand for Treasuries could represent an 
additional headwind for USTs. In today’s Coffee Break, we look in more detail at Japanese investments in USTs. 
-80
-60
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
Jul-24
Jan-25
Jul-25
Jan-26
Jul-26
Net puchases of US T-bills
Valuation effect
Net purchases of LT USTs
YTD net sales 
of T-bills: 60bn,
USTs : 11bn


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
18 September 2026
2
THE DATA 
Every month, the US Treasury publishes data on cross-border securities holdings as part of the 
Treasury International Capital (TIC) system. These statistics are essential for understanding 
international demand for US assets. In addition to the stock in short-term and long-term debt 
securities, the data include net purchases and sales and, for recent years, changes in bond 
valuations. These three components are particularly important for interpreting movements in 
reported holdings in a correct manner. Focusing solely on the stock of Treasury holdings can 
be misleading, particularly at a time when market volatility leads to considerable changes in 
UST prices. 
Our chart shows the net sales of T-bills and long-term USTs by Japanese investors in the last 
two years as well as the change in bond valuations. The sum of these three components 
explains the change in the overall stock of US government securities. 
Since the start of 2026, Japan's stock of US government bonds has declined by just over USD 
80bn. At first glance, this may suggest weakening demand for Treasuries. However, the decline 
has been driven primarily by a reduction in T-bill holdings, which account for roughly USD 60bn 
of the decrease, while net sales of long-term Treasuries have been limited to around USD 11bn. 
In addition, rising Treasury yields have generated negative valuation effects throughout 2026, 
further reducing the reported stock of holdings. 
OUR VIEW 
FX market developments have a direct impact on Japanese holdings of USTs, as suggested by 
US Treasury data. The sharp decline in T-bill holdings in May and June indicates that the BoJ 
primarily financed its FX interventions through money market instruments. July data do not 
show further T-bill sales, despite a record intervention in the FX market (over USD 90bn). Due 
to the cutoff for data collection, we expect the effect of such intervention to show up in the 
next release, covering August. T-bill holdings by Japan stood at roughly USD 80bn in July, down 
from around USD 155bn in April. As a result, it would not be surprising to see net purchases in 
the coming months to restore previous levels. 
Greater US-Japan cooperation to address the yen weakness, similarly to the joint currency 
intervention in late summer, could reduce the need for the BoJ to liquidate UST holdings, 
weakening the spillover of FX volatility to USTs. Hawkish monetary policy by the BoJ could 
further cement this, but today’s rate-hike decision was not convincing enough, especially on 
the speed of further rate hikes, and does not seem too supportive in this respect. 
Flows into longer-dated USTs suggest that Japanese demand for US government bonds 
remains solid. A key factor to monitor in this respect is whether Japanese pension funds, 
particularly GPIF, increase allocations to domestic bonds. This domestic policy decision offers 
limited scope for international coordination and would likely affect not only USTs but also 
European government bonds (EGBs). 
The behaviour of Japanese investors will remain an important variable to monitor with respect 
to its implications for USTs. However, it is important to distinguish between sales associated 
with FX intervention, which can be regarded as temporary, and more long-term shifts in asset 
allocation by domestic investors. In our view, the risk of sizeable Treasury sales related to FX 
intervention appears more limited than earlier in the year, considering policy coordination. In 
contrast, any structural increase in the home bias among Japanese investors would represent 
a medium-term challenge for global bond markets. 
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
18 September 2026
3
OTHER THINGS TO NOTE 
BoJ hikes rates to 1.25% but remains vague about the pace of further tightening 
As expected, the BoJ hiked its policy rate by another 25bp to 1.25% but sounded vague 
about the pace of further tightening, maybe so as not to raise tensions with the Takaichi 
government and its huge fiscal plan to stimulate domestic demand. The decision was not 
unanimous, with two of nine BoJ members dissenting on the rate hike. The Japanese central 
bank hinted that it would continue to raise interest rates in response to economic and price 
developments as well as financial conditions, which remain accommodative, to avoid CPI 
inflation overshooting the 2% target. However, as the bank thinks that Japan’s economy is 
set to grow at a moderate pace, the timing and the pace of further rate hikes remain quite 
uncertain and they would be considered together with the likelihood of realising baseline 
scenarios and risks. The BoJ would also pay attention to the impact of the Middle East crisis, 
AI demand and FX on economy and prices, acknowledging that the recent depreciation of 
the JPY is likely to lead to an increase in prices. We still think that the next rate hike will be 
delivered in December. The yen weakened slightly ahead of Governor Kazuo Ueda’s press 
conference, with USD-JPY back above 157 and the Japanese currency losing ground also 
against the other majors, which is helping EUR-USD remain slightly below the key 1.15 
threshold. (R. Mialich) 
 
Author 
 Dr. Luca Cazzulani, Head of Strategy, FI Strategist (UniCredit, Milan), luca.cazzulani@unicredit.eu  
Editors 
 Edoardo Campanella, Director and Editor-in-Chief of The Investment Institute (UniCredit, Milan) 
edoardo.campanella@unicredit.eu 
 Francesco Maria Di Bella, FI Strategist (UniCredit, Milan), francescomaria.dibella@unicredit.eu  
UniCredit S.p.A 
 The Investment Institute by UniCredit, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 4, I-20154 Milan 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu


[Page 4]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Coffee Break
18 September 2026
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Legal Notices 
Glossary 
Terms used in the report are available on our website: Our glossary 
Marketing Communication 
This publication/video constitutes a marketing communication of UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit Bank Austria AG, Schoellerbank AG and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “UniCredit Group”) is addressed to the general public and is provided free of 
charge for information only. It does not constitute investment recommendation or consultancy activity by the UniCredit Group or, even 
less, an offer to the public of any kind nor an invitation to buy or sell securities. The information contained herein does not constitute an 
investment research or financial analysis since, in addition to the lack of content, it has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
UniCredit Group, including all its group companies may have a specific interest in relation to the issuers, financial instruments or 
transactions detailed herein. Relevant disclosures of interests and positions held by UniCredit Group are available at: Conflicts of interest 
Any estimates and/or assessments contained in this publication represent the independent opinion of the UniCredit Group and, like all 
the information contained therein, are given in good faith on the basis of the data available at the date of publication, taken from reliable 
sources, but having a purely indicative value and subject to change at any time after publication, on the completeness, correctness and 
truthfulness of which the UniCredit Group makes no guarantees and assumes no responsibility. Interested parties must therefore carry 
out their own investment assessments in a completely autonomous and independent manner, relying exclusively on their own 
considerations of the market conditions and the information available overall, also in line with their risk profile and economic situation. 
Investment involves risk. Before any transaction in financial instruments please refer to the relevant offering documents. It should also 
be noted that:  
1. Information relating to the past performance of a financial instrument, index or investment service is not indicative of future results. 
2. If the investment is denominated in a currency other than the investor’s currency, the value of the investment can fluctuate strongly 
according to changes in exchange rates and have an undesirable effect on the profitability of the investment. 
3. Investments that offer high returns can undergo significant price fluctuations following any downgrading of creditworthiness. In the 
event of bankruptcy of the issuer, the investor may lose the entire capital. 
4. High volatility investments can be subject to sudden and significant decreases in value, being able to generate significant losses at 
the time of sale up to the entire capital invested. 
5. In the presence of extraordinary events, it may be difficult for the investor to sell or liquidate certain investments or obtain reliable 
information on their value. 
6. If the information refers to a specific tax treatment, it should be noted that the tax treatment depends on the individual situation of 
the customer and may be subject to change in the future. 
7. If the information refers to future results, it should be noted that they do not constitute a reliable indicator of these results. 
8. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss.  
The UniCredit Group cannot in any way be held responsible for facts and/or damages that may arise to anyone from the use of this 
document, including, but not limited to, damages due to losses, lost earnings or unrealised savings. The contents of the publication – 
including data, news, information, images, graphics, drawings, brands, and domain names – are owned by the UniCredit Group unless 
otherwise indicated, covered by copyright and by the industrial property law. No license or right of use is granted and therefore it is not 
allowed to reproduce its contents, in whole or in part, on any medium, copy them, publish them and use them for commercial purposes 
without prior written authorisation from UniCredit Group unless if purposes of personal use only. E 25/1 
