[Page 1]
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
Michael Gibbs, Managing Director, Lead Portfolio Manager | (901) 579-4346 | michael.gibbs@raymondjames.com
Joey Madere, CFA | (901) 529-5331 | joey.madere@raymondjames.com
Richard Sewell, CFA | (901) 524-4194 | richard.sewell@raymondjames.com
Mitch Clayton, CMT, Senior Technical Analyst | (901) 579-4812 | mitch.clayton@raymondjames.com
SEPTEMBER 16, 2026 | 1:35 PM EDT
Weekly Market Guide
$100 oil and 5% 10-year Treasury yields are the main focus right now. Not only at elevated levels, but their rate of change
has been sharp recently. These are costs that can dampen consumption, investment, and economic momentum the higher and
longer they persist. Consequently, this is why market momentum has stalled over the past several weeks.
High oil prices and bond yields are headwinds to valuation multiples- and if it were not for exceptional fundamental strength
(buoyed by the AI/Capex boom), equities would probably be under a bit more pressure than we have seen. Positively, the
economy remains resilient and earnings trends are strong/supportive. Corporate credit spreads have actually narrowed
lately (indicating a lack of stress/concern on balance sheets), and inflation breakevens remain anchored around 2.5% (ideal for
the Fed and valuations as conviction grows).
The Fed appears set to hike rates by 0.25% today, and performance following initial rate hikes historically has been
subdued on average. You typically see some volatility in the 1-3 months following the first rate hike. Over the last six
observations (1994, 1997, 1999, 2004, 2015, 2022), the average 1-month return has been 0.3% and 3-month return -2%.
Nonetheless, this also typically presents opportunity over the next 6 and 12 months- with average returns of +1.9% and
+7% respectively.
This is unlikely the start of an aggressive hike cycle, and more likely the Fed tapping the brakes into supply pressures to
avoid threats of persistent inflation. Supply constraints in the commodity market and for technology components are putting
upward pressure on prices, though the subdued jobs and housing markets reflect moderation in pricing pressures. The Fed’s
outlook and forward rate expectations are what we will be watching. We do not believe inflation is set to run away to the upside-
and if oil prices and bond yields can stall their ascent, equity markets may find some relief.
The current consolidation phase may continue in the near-term. “Noise” is unlikely to die down with the midterms
upcoming. AI, Iran, inflation, and affordability rhetoric are sure to be in the headlines, as we move through the seasonally soft
Sep-Oct period ahead of Q3 earnings in late October. Positively, we are seeing rotation rather than withdrawals under the surface
(a hallmark of healthy bull markets). Maintain discipline and portfolio balance, be patient, and view weakness as opportunity.
The fundamental backdrop remains strong and supportive of equities extending their uptrend over the next 12 months.
 
RAYMOND JAMES INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT: 880 CARILLON PARKWAY | ST. PETERSBURG FLORIDA 33716


[Page 2]
Some Underlying Deterioration
The headwinds of higher oil prices and bond yields have stalled 
the market’s momentum.  The equal-weighted S&P 500 and small 
caps have given back some ground, breaking below their 50-day 
moving averages.  Banks and Transports are doing the same.  
Odds are high that equities are in a normal consolidation phase 
within an uptrend.  Sideways-to-down action may continue in the 
near-term.  Next, we need to evaluate the responses near support 
as they reach oversold levels. 
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Equal-Weighted 
S&P 500
Small Caps
S&P 500
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 2 OF 11


[Page 3]
Market Rotation
Within the market’s consolidation phase, we are seeing some rotation rather than outright withdrawals. This is clearly observed in the 
market-leading semiconductors’ pullback vs. market-lagging software’s turn higher. It is also seen in other areas across the market, 
where the higher-beta/momentum names have taken a breather while the lower-beta/out-of-favor names catch a bid. This rotation is a 
hallmark of a healthy bull market, as well as an important reminder on the value of diversification.  
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Semis
Software
Semis vs Software
High Beta
High Beta vs. 
Low Volatility
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 3 OF 11


[Page 4]
Oil and Bond Yields 
There has been a clear relationship between Oil prices and Bond 
yields in 2026, as higher oil impacts inflation, Fed rate 
expectations, and bond yields.  Consequently, their upward 
pressure is a headwind to valuation multiples and equity 
markets.  These factors remain the focus- a reversal (or stalled 
ascent) in oil and rates would likely boost equities.  Durable 
agreements between the US-Iran may prove difficult, but a 
cooling in the conflict would be a positive catalyst.  Additionally, 
the Fed’s outlook is a wildcard with the market pricing in 3-4 rate 
hikes by year-end 2027.  A more balanced/dovish tone could 
relieve some pressure on bond yields.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
WTI Oil and 
10Yr Yield
S&P 500
2Yr Yld
Fed Funds Rate
Market is pricing in 
3-4 rate hikes by 
YE’27: Too high?
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 4 OF 11


[Page 5]
Inflation
This is unlikely the start of an aggressive hike cycle, and more likely the Fed tapping the brakes into supply pressures to avoid threats of 
persistent inflation.  Supply constraints in the commodity market and for technology components are putting upward pressure on prices, 
though the subdued jobs and housing markets reflect moderation in pricing pressures. As/if the supply pressures abate over time, 
inflationary concerns should moderate.  
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Technology Prices
Quits Rate
Wage Growth
Zillow Rent
Shelter
Core CPI Y/Y
WTI Oil
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 5 OF 11


[Page 6]
Economic Resilience
Despite the upside inflationary pressures, inflation breakevens remain anchored around 2.5%.  This supports our view that inflation is 
unlikely to run away to the upside.  Additionally, despite the higher prices and headlines around AI risks, corporate credit spreads have 
actually narrowed lately (indicating a lack of stress/concern on balance sheets).  These are supportive of the underlying, longer-term 
backdrop.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Narrow Corporate 
Credit Spreads
Inflation breakevens 
remain anchored at low 
levels
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 6 OF 11


[Page 7]
Performance Post-Fed Hikes
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
Fed Funds Rate
S&P 500
You typically see some volatility in the 1-3 months 
following the first rate hike.  Over the last six 
observations (1994, 1997, 1999, 2004, 2015, 2022), the 
average 1-month return has been 0.3% and 3-month 
return -2.0%.  The most significant pullback was in 
2022, which was also one of the sharpest rate hike 
cycles historically.  We view the current hike as a mid-
cycle adjustment with rates already elevated (potentially 
more similar to the mid-90s examples).  Nonetheless, 
short-term volatility in the initial aftermath typically 
presents opportunity over the next 6 and 12 months- 
with average returns of 1.9% and 7% respectively.  This 
pattern fits our view of a near-term consolidation phase 
within a longer-term uptrend.
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 7 OF 11


[Page 8]
Soft Seasonality
The current consolidation phase may continue in the near-term.  “Noise” is unlikely to die down with the midterms upcoming. AI, Iran, 
inflation, and affordability rhetoric are sure to be in the headlines, as we move through the seasonally soft Sep-Oct period ahead of Q3 
earnings in late October.  S&P 500 monthly returns shown below for the last 10 years- S&P 500 -1.34% average in September.
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 8 OF 11


[Page 9]
Fundamental Strength
High oil prices and bond yields are headwinds to valuation 
multiples- and if it were not for exceptional fundamental strength 
(buoyed by the AI/Capex boom), equities would probably be under 
a bit more pressure than we have seen.  Positively, the earnings 
backdrop remains strong and supportive of equities extending their 
uptrend over the next 12 months. 
Source: Bloomberg, FactSet
34%
15%
17%
Earnings are the Long-Term 
Driver of Equities
Price
Earnings
P/E
S&P 500 YTD
Exceptional growth with 
continued upward revisions
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
 
PAGE 9 OF 11


[Page 10]
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
IMPORTANT INVESTOR DISCLOSURES
Gibbs Capital Management, a division of Eagle Asset Management ( Eagle) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Raymond James Investment management.
All expressions of opinion in the foregoing reflect the judgment of Gibbs Capital Management and are subject to change without notice. Information in this report has been
obtained from sources considered reliable, but we do not guarantee its accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only and
should not be used or construed as investment advice or a recommendation regarding the purchase or sale of any security outside of a managed account. This should not be
considered forward looking and does not guarantee the future performance of any investment.
It is important to review the investment objectives, risk tolerance, tax objectives and liquidity needs before choosing an investment style or manager. All investments carry a
certain degree of risk, including loss. There is no assurance that any strategy will be successful, and no one particular investment style or manager is suitable for all types of
investors. Indices are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index would incur fees and expenses which would reduce
returns. Asset allocation and diversification does not ensure a profit or protect against a loss.
Sector investments are companies engaged in business related to a specific sector. They are subject to fierce competition and their products and services may be subject to
rapid obsolescence. There are additional risks associated with investing in an individual sector, including limited diversification.
Commodities and currencies investing are generally considered speculative because of the significant potential for investment loss. Their markets are likely to be volatile and
there may be sharp price fluctuations even during periods when prices overall are rising.
Links to third-party websites are being provided for informational purposes only. Gibbs Capital Management is not affiliated with and does not endorse, authorize, or sponsor
any of the listed websites or their respective sponsors. Gibbs Capital Management is not responsible for the content of any third-party website or the collection or use of
information regarding any websites users and/or members.
Index Definitions
The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks that is generally considered representative of the U.S. stock market.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is a price-weighted average of 30 significant stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and the NASDAQ.
The NASDAQ Composite is a stock market index of the common stocks and similar securities listed on the NASDAQ stock market.
The MSCI World All Cap Index captures large, mid, small and micro-cap representation across 23 Developed Markets (DM) countries. With 11,732 constituents, the index is
comprehensive, covering approximately 99% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
The MSCI EAFE (Europe, Australasia, and Far East) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure developed market equity performance,
excluding the United States & Canada. The EAFE consists of the country indices of 21 developed nations.
The MSCI Emerging Markets Index is designed to measure equity market performance in 23 emerging market countries. The index's three largest industries are materials,
energy, and banks.
The Russell 2000 index is an index measuring the performance of approximately 2,000 smallest-cap American companies in the Russell 3000 Index, which is made up of 3,000
of the largest U.S. stocks.
The NYSE Alerian MLP is the leading gauge of energy infrastructure Master Limited Partnerships (MLPs). The capped, float-adjusted, capitalization-weighted index, whose
constituents earn the majority of their cash flow from midstream activities involving energy commodities, is disseminated real-time on a price-return basis (AMZ) and on a
total-return basis (AMZX).
The Barclays Intermediate Government/Credit Bond index measures the performance of U.S. Dollar denominated U.S. Treasuries, government-related and investment grade
U.S. corporate securities that have a remaining maturity of greater than one year and less than ten years.
 
PAGE 10 OF 11


[Page 11]
WEEKLY MARKET GUIDE
 
The Euro Stoxx 50 Index is a market capitalization weighted stock index of 50 large, blue-chip European companies operating within Eurozone nations. Components are
selected from the Euro STOXX Index which includes large-, mid- and small-cap stocks in the Eurozone.
The China CSI 300 is a capitalization-weighted stock market index designed to replicate the performance of top 300 stocks traded in the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock
exchanges. It had a sub-indexes CSI 100 Index and CSI 200 Index.
The S&P 500 Futures is a capitalization-weighted index of 500 stocks. The index is designed to measure performance of the broad domestic economy through changes in the
aggregate market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries.
The DJIA Futures is a stock market index futures contract traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange`s Globex electronic trading platform. Dow Futures is based off the Dow
30 stock index.
The Nasdaq 100 Futures is a modified capitalization-weighted index of the 100 largest and most active non-financial domestic and international companies listed on the
NASDAQ.
Europe: DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex (German stock index)) is a blue chip stock market index consisting of the 40 major German companies trading on the Frankfurt Stock
Exchange.
Asia: Nikkei is short for Japan's Nikkei 225 Stock Average, the leading and most-respected index of Japanese stocks. It is a price-weighted index composed of Japan's top 225
blue-chip companies traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Keep in mind that individuals cannot invest directly in any index, and index performance does not include transaction costs or other fees, which will affect actual investment
performance. Individual investor's results will vary. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Future investment performance cannot be guaranteed, investment
yields will fluctuate with market conditions.
 
PAGE 11 OF 11
