[Page 1]
60
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
140
400
500
600
700
800
900
1000
1100
Sep-23
Mar-24
Sep-24
Mar-25
Sep-25
Mar-26
Sep-26
CCC-Rated OAS (bps; LHS)
US IG OAS (bps; RHS)
-10.0%
0.0%
10.0%
20.0%
30.0%
40.0%
50.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
2.0%
2.5%
Info. Tech.
Cons. Dis.
Utilities
Health C.
Materials
Com. Svc.
Energy
Real Est.
Industrials
Cons. Stp.
Financials
1 Day (LHS)
YTD (RHS)
As equity performance faces headwinds from triple-digit oil prices and multi-year highs in bond yields, there is a silver lining: a decline 
in investor optimism. In AAII’s latest sentiment survey, only 29% of investors are bullish, the lowest reading of 2026. Investor sentiment 
represents a contrarian indicator, so a decline in optimism may—counterintuitively—suggest that better times are ahead for stocks. At 
a fundamental level, we expect oil prices to cool, thereby pushing down yields—which keeps us constructive on equities.
Friday, September 18, 2026
Amid higher Treasury yields, investment-grade credit remains notably resilient, with spreads holding near 77 bps and volatility close to 
its lowest levels since 2018. Even BB- and B-rated spreads are largely stable, despite markets pricing in nearly three additional Fed 
hikes over the next 12 months. In contrast, CCC-rated spreads are at their widest levels since 2023 as higher borrowing costs pressure 
the weakest issuers. With IG index yields near 5.8%—the highest since November 2023—we continue to favor higher-quality credit.
Sector Performance
As Investment-Grade Credit Spreads Remain Stable, Lower-Rated Bonds Are Showing Signs Of Strain
As Investor Sentiment Reaches YTD Lows, What Does It Mean For Stocks?
This Week’s ‘Other’ Rate Hike: Bank Of Japan (BOJ) Raises Its Policy Rate To A 31-Year High 
Two key leading indicators—housing starts and building permits—declined MoM by 2.6% and 2.7%, respectively. While pending home 
sales ticked up 0.3% MoM, the YoY drop of 4.7% marks the steepest decline since Jan. 2025, with declines in every region. Meanwhile, 
the average rate on a 30-year mortgage climbed to 7.21% this week—the highest since April 2024—which points to further pressure on 
prospective buyers. Bottom line: we expect the housing market to remain a drag on the economy for the foreseeable future.
August Housing Data Shows A Sluggish Market, And Mortgage Rates Are Exacerbating Headwinds
Source: FactSet
Consumers Pressured By Oil And Interest Rates, But Data And Corporate Comments Paint Brighter Picture
Source: FactSet
Chart of the Day: Credit Dispersion
As we noted yesterday, August retail sales topped expectations, even setting aside fuel. Meanwhile, weekly jobless claims declined at 
the fastest YoY pace since Jan. 2023, which signals a healthy labor market. Strength in consumer spending was echoed by bank 
management teams (Wells Fargo, Bank of America), with credit card firms (Capital One, American Express) noting resilient demand 
across income segments. This is consistent with our view that consumer spending should remain positive over the next 12 months.
1D
YTD
Last
%
Last
E.T.
Event
Consensus
Prior
S&P 500
1.1%
11.6%
7,638
0.2%
7,724
9:15am
Capacity Utilization NSA
76.4%
76.3%
DJIA
0.6%
7.7%
51,778
0.1%
52,273
Industrial Production (MoM)
0.30%
0.20%
NASDAQ 100
1.7%
16.6%
29,447
0.5%
29,888
Manufacturing Production (MoM)
0.20%
0.16%
Russell 2000
0.6%
15.8%
2,875
0.0%
2,896
9:30am
FED Vice Chair Bowman Speaks
-
-
MSCI EAFE*
0.8%
10.8%
1965
-0.7%
3179
10:00am
Leading Indicators (MoM)
0.10%
0.20%
10-Yr Yield**
-8
-2.9%
4.93%
--
--
USD Index
0.0%
2.0%
100.25
--
--
*In local currency. **Change in bps. 
Source: FactSet
Previous Close
Futures
(as of: 09/17/2026)
(as of: 06:55 E.T.)
Today's  Events
In line with expectations, the BOJ raised its policy rate by 25 bps to 1.25%—the highest since 1995, and marking the sixth hike over the 
past three years. Despite the monetary tightening, as well as several currency interventions YTD, the yen remains not far from its 40-
year lows set in July. The yen’s weakness reflects three factors: 1) persistent fiscal deficits, 2) wider trade deficits amid high energy 
prices, and 3) still negative real rates. But a weak yen is helpful for exports, which helps keep us positive on Japanese equities. 
While investment-grade spreads remain stable, CCC-rated 
index spreads are at their widest levels since 2023.


[Page 2]
LHS/RHS: Left-hand side/Right-hand side axes. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) is an unmanaged index of 30 widely held stocks. The S&P 500 is 
an unmanaged index of 500 widely held stocks. The NASDAQ 100 Index  is a stock market index that includes 100 of the largest, most actively traded, non-
financial companies listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market. US government bonds and Treasuries are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to 
maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value. US government bonds are issued and guaranteed as to the timely payment 
of principal and interest by the federal government. The S&P 500 is a stock market index tracking the stock performance of 500 leading companies listed 
on stock exchanges in the United States. The Russell 2000 Index is a market-capitalization weighted stock market index that tracks the performance of 
approximately 2,000 of the smallest US-based companies within the broader Russell 3000 Index. The MSCI EAFE Index is a premier stock market 
benchmark measuring the performance of large- and mid-cap equities in 21 developed markets outside the U.S. and Canada. Sector investments are 
companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors including Technology are subject to 
varying levels of competition, economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification. 
Bond prices and yields are subject to change based upon market conditions and availability. If bonds are sold prior to maturity, you may receive more or 
less than your initial investment. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates 
rise, fixed income prices fall and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices rise. Investing in oil involves special risks, including the potential adverse 
effects of state and federal regulation and may not be suitable for all investors. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) is a premium, light, and sweet crude oil 
that acts as the primary benchmark for oil pricing in North America, primarily traded on the NYMEX. The US Dollar Index (DXY) is a measure of the value of 
the U.S. dollar against six other major foreign currencies. Capacity utilization rate is an economic indicator that measures the percentage of a nation's 
industrial resources and manufacturing plants being actively used to produce goods. The Industrial Production Index (IPI) is a monthly economic 
indicator measuring the real output and change in volume of manufacturing, mining, electric, and gas utilities. The NAICS manufacturing production 
economic indicator measures the real output and physical production volume of factories, plants, and mills across the United States. The Conference 
Board Leading Economic Index (LEI) is a monthly composite tool designed to predict future economic activity and turning points in the business cycle 
roughly seven months in advance. Housing starts is a leading economic indicator that measures the number of new privately-owned residential 
construction projects that have officially broken ground during a specific period. Building permits are official authorizations issued by local governments 
that serve as a leading economic indicator for the housing market and the broader economy. The Pending Home Sales Index is a monthly economic 
indicator by the National Association of Realtors that tracks signed real estate contracts for existing homes before the final sale closes. Retail sales is a 
monthly economic indicator that measures the total receipts or revenue of retail and food service stores, tracking consumer demand for finished goods. 
Weekly jobless claims are a real-time economic report published by the U.S. Department of Labor that tracks how many people file for unemployment 
benefits. The AAII Investor Sentiment Survey is a weekly poll by the American Association of Individual Investors that measures whether retail investors 
expect the stock market to go up, down, or stay the same over the next six months. The Bloomberg US Corporate Investment Grade Index measures the 
performance of the US dollar-denominated, fixed-rate, taxable corporate bond market. All constituent bonds must be rated BBB- or higher and securities 
must have at least one year until maturity. 
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report 
constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual 
circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed as a recommendation. The 
foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that 
these statements, opinions or forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer 
groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and 
expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee 
that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of 
this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence tools. Raymond James has reviewed and 
considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete. A safe-haven asset is a type of 
financial instrument likely (but not guaranteed) to retain or increase value during market turbulence. Investing in the energy sector involves special risks, 
including the potential adverse effects of state and federal regulation, and may not be suitable for all investors. The prices of small company stocks may 
be subject to greater volatility than those of large company stocks. Investing in small-cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be 
appropriate for every investor. Gold is subject to the special risks associated with investing in precious metals, including but not limited to the price may 
be subject to wide fluctuation; the market is relatively limited; the sources are concentrated in countries that have the potential for instability; and the 
market is unregulated. Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-
advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the 
tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax liability. The foregoing 
is not a recommendation to buy or sell stocks of the individual companies listed above. International investing involves additional risks such as currency 
fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. 
Data Source | FactSet as of 9/17/2026
Disclosures
2026
2026
