[Page 1]
 
 
Daily Tech Index 
Equity Trading | 18 September 2026 
This publication was prepared by Bank J Safra Sarasin Trading department. The views or ideas expressed herein are those of th e desk and/or the author 
only. The publication cannot be considered as investment research or a research recommendation for regulatory purposes. Please find further important 
information at the end of this document. 
 
 
S&P 500 – Daily Chart 
 
As long as 7630 is support; up-move
with target 7650 and 7670 in extension.
Alternatively, a break below 7630 will
trigger a re-test of the 50 DMA at 7615.
A close below 7615 will trigger a drop
back toward 7595 and 7550 in exten-
sion. 
Resistance:  7650 / 7670 / 7710 
Support:        7630 / 7615 / 7595 
Trend: 
Intraday    above 7630; up 
2-5 Days   neutral 
 
DAX– Daily Chart 
 
As long as the 50 DMA at 25’760 is re-
sistance; down-move with target 25’610
and 25’505 in extension. 
Alternatively, a close above the 50 DMA 
will trigger a stronger rebound with tar-
get 25’820 and 25’910 in extension. 
Resistance: 25760/25820/25910 
Support:       25610/25505/25275 
Trend 
Intraday    below 25’760; down 
2-5 Days   below 25’760; down 
 
Equity Trading | ffop.ch@jsafrasarasin.com | +41 58 317 33 76 


[Page 2]
 
Daily Tech Index 
Equity Trading | 18 September 2026 
 
 
EuroStoxx50 – Daily Chart 
As long as 6315 is support; up-move 
with target 6345 and 50 DMA at 6375 in 
extension. 
Alternatively, a break below 6315 will 
trigger a down-move with target 6290
and 6260 in extension. 
 
 
Resistance: 6345 / 6375 / 6400 
Support:       6315 / 6290 / 6260 
Trend: 
Intraday    above 6315; up 
2-5 Days   below 6375; down 
 
 
 
SMI – Daily Chart 
As long as 13’955 is resistance; down-
move with target 13’885 and 13’830 in
extension. 
Alternatively, a break above 13’955 will
trigger an up-move with target 13’995
and 14’065 in extension. 
Resistance: 13955 / 13995 / 14065 
Support:       13885 / 13830 / 13695 
 
Trend: 
Intraday    below 13’955; down 
2-5 Days   below 14’065; down 
 
Equity Trading | ffop.ch@jsafrasarasin.com | +41 58 317 33 76 
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
Important legal information 
This publication has been prepared by Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd (the “Bank”) for information purposes only. It is not the result of financial 
research conducted. Therefore, the “Directives on the Independence of Financial Research” of the Swiss Bankers Association do not apply to 
this publication. 
Any views, opinions and commentaries in this publication (together the “Views”) are the Views of the authors and may deviate from those other 
departments within the Bank. The Bank may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the Views 
expressed herein. It may also provide advisory or other services to companies mentioned in this publication resulting in a conflict of interest 
that could affect the Bank’s objectivity. While the Bank has taken steps to avoid or disclose such conflicts, it cannot make any representation 
in such regard. The Views contained in this publication are as per the date of writing and may be subject to change without notice. 
This publication is based on publicly available information and data (the “Information”) believed to be correct, accurate and complete. The Bank 
has not verified and is unable to guarantee the accuracy and completeness of the Information contained herein. Possible errors or incomplete-
ness of the Information do not constitute legal grounds for liability, either with regard to direct, indirect or consequential damages. In particular, 
neither the Bank nor its shareholders and employees shall be liable for the Views contained in this publication.  
This publication does not constitute a request or offer, solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell investment instruments or services. It 
should not be considered as a substitute for individual advice and risk disclosure by a qualified financial, legal or tax advisor. Potential investors 
should read all relevant documentation before making any investment, including risk warnings, and to seek  financial or tax advice. 
Past performance is no indication of current or future performance. Investments in foreign currencies are subject to exchange rate fluctuations.  
The Views and opinions contained in this publication, along with the quoted figures, data and forecasts, may be subject to change without 
notice. There is no obligation on the part of the Bank or any other person to update the content of this publication. The Bank does not accept 
any liability whatsoever for losses arising from the use of the Information (or parts thereof) contained in this document. 
Neither this publication nor any copy thereof may be sent to or taken into the United States or distributed in the United States or to a US person. 
This publication is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) such 
distribution is prohibited and may only be distributed in countries where its distribution is legally permitted. 
This publication is distributed by the following affiliates of the Bank:   
This publication is disseminated as follows: 
The Bahamas: This publication is circulated to private clients of Bank J. Safra Sarasin (Bahamas) Ltd, and is not intended for circulation to 
nationals or citizens of The Bahamas or a person deemed ‘resident’ in The Bahamas for the purposes of exchange control by the Central Bank 
of The Bahamas. 
Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This material is intended to be distributed by J. Safra Sarasin (Middle East) Ltd (“JSSME”) in DIFC 
to professional clients as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). JSSME is duly authorised and regulated by DFSA. If you do 
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. This material may also include Funds which 
are not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). The DFSA has no responsibility for 
reviewing or verifying any Issuing Document or other documents in connection with these Funds. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved the 
Issuing Document or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in the Issuing Document, and has 
no responsibility for it. The Units to which the Issuing Document relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective 
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on the Units. 
Hong Kong 
Important Notice 
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any 
regulatory authority in Hong Kong. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in 
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
When you acquire a structured product and/or investment and/or otherwise enter into a transaction, unless the Bank has specifically solicited 
or advised you to enter into such transaction, you acquire such structured product and/or investment in reliance on your own judgment, taking 
into account your overall financial situation, composition of your investment portfolio and your other assets, your investment objectives, attitude 
to risk, performance aspiration, tolerance to possible capital loss, liquidity requirements and any matters which you consider to be appropriate. 
Derivatives Warning  
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) which involves derivatives. Do not invest in such struc-
tured product(s) unless you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with it/them. If you are in any doubt about the risks 
involved in the product(s), you may clarify with the intermediary or seek independent professional advice. 
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) but distributed by each of its branches in 
Singapore and Hong Kong in the conduct of their respective businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong. Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong 
Branch is a licensed bank under the Hong Kong Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong) and a registered institution under the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).  
Complex Product Warning 
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve complex products. Investors should exercise caution and review the product offering 
documents to understand the product risks and features before making any investment decisions. 
Hong Kong Selling Restriction 
This publication and any investments detailed herein are available for Professional Investors only.  
This document and its contents are not intended and shall not in any way be construed as an offer or solicitation to the public in Hong Kong for 
the purchase or sale of any securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme.  


[Page 4]
 
 
If the Bank solicits the sale of or recommends any financial product to you, the financial product must be reasonably suitable for you having 
regard to your financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives. No other provision of this disclaimer or any other document 
the Bank may ask you to sign and no statement the Bank may ask you to make derogates from this clause. 
This document has not and will not be registered as a prospectus in Hong Kong or authorized by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Com-
mission under the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance nor has its content been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. 
Accordingly, unless permitted by the securities laws of Hong Kong, (i) in the case of the product being a share or debenture of a company, no 
person may issue or cause to be issued this document in Hong Kong, other than to persons who are “professional investors” as defined in the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made thereunder or in circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) or which do not consti-
tute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and (ii) in other cases, no person may issue or have in its possession for the 
purposes of issue, this document, or any advertisement, invitation or document relating to any securities, regulated investment agreement or 
collective investment scheme, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public in Hong Kong, other than with respect to securities, regulated investment agreement or collective investment scheme which 
are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance and any rules made thereunder. If an investor is in any doubt about any of the contents of this document, the investor should obtain 
independent professional advice. 
Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Hong Kong Branch is an authorized institution under the Banking Ordinance (Cap. 155 of the Laws of Hong Kong) 
and is a registered institution under the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (CE Number AHX499) for the 
purposes of carrying on Types 1 (dealing in securities) and 4 (advising on securities) regulated activities as defined under the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance. 
Monaco: In Monaco this document is distributed by Banque J. Safra Sarasin (Monaco) SA, a bank registered in “Principauté de Monaco” and 
regulated by the French Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution (ACPR) and Monegasque Government and Commission de Contrôle 
des Activités Financières («CCAF»). 
Panama: This publication is distributed, based solely on public information openly available to the general public, by J. Safra Sarasin Asset 
Management S.A., Panama, regulated by the Securities Commission of Panama. 
Qatar Financial Centre (QFC): This material is intended to be distributed by Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC, Qatar [“BJSSQ”] from QFC to 
Business Customers as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA) Rules. Bank J. Safra Sarasin (QFC) LLC is authorised 
by QFCRA. This material may also include collective investment scheme/s (Fund/s) that are not registered in the QFC or regulated by the 
Regulatory Authority. Any issuing document / prospectus for the Fund, and any related documents, have not been reviewed or approved by the 
Regulatory Authority. Investors in the Fund may not have the same access to information about the Fund that they would have to information 
of a fund registered in the QFC; and recourse against the Fund, and those involved with it, may be limited or difficult and may have to be pursued 
in a jurisdiction outside the QFC. 
Singapore: 
Important Notice 
Warning: The contents of this publication and the investments contained herein have not been reviewed, registered or authorized, by any 
regulatory authority in Singapore. You are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment(s) detailed in this publication. If you are in 
doubt about any of the matters detailed herein, you should obtain independent professional advice. 
Derivatives Warning 
The investment(s) detailed in this publication may involve certain structured product(s) containing derivatives, in which event the investment 
decision is yours but you should not invest in the investment detailed herein unless (i) the intermediary who sells them to you/your professional 
advisor has explained to, and/or advised, you that they are suitable for you having regard to your financial situation, investment experience 
and investment objectives; and/or (ii) you fully understand and are willing to assume the risks associated with them. 
Singapore Selling Restriction 
This publication and related documents may not be distributed or circulated to, and the investment(s) mentioned herein may not be offered or 
sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public in Singapore other than (i) 
to an institutional investor specified in Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant 
person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise 
pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the products are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: (A) a corporation (which is not an 
accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (B) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) 
whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, shares, debentures 
and units of shares and debentures of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the products pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 except: 
(1) to an institutional investor (for corporations under Section 274 of the SFA) or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, 
or to any person pursuant to an offer that is made on terms that such shares, debentures and units of shares and debentures of that corporation 
or such rights and interest in that trust are acquired at a consideration of not less than S$200,000 (or its equivalent in a foreign currency) for 
each transaction, whether such amount is to be paid in cash or by exchange of securities or other assets, and further for corporations, in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; (2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or (3) where 
the transfer is by operation of law. 
Where the document refers to a fund (the “Fund”), such Fund does not relate to a collective investment scheme which is authorised under 
section 286 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”) or recognised under section 287 of the SFA. The Fund is 


[Page 5]
 
 
not authorised or recognised by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) and shares in the Fund are not allowed to be offered to the 
retail public. Each of this document and any other document or material issued in connection with any potential offer or sale is not a prospectus 
as defined in the SFA. Accordingly, statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses would not apply. You should 
consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for you. 
This document has not been registered as a prospectus with the MAS. Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of shares in the Fund may not be circulated or distributed, nor may 
shares in the Fund be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to 
persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 304 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 305(1), 
or any person pursuant to Section 305(2), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 305 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant 
to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where shares in the Fund are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 by a relevant person which is: 
(a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments 
and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an 
individual who is an accredited investor, securities (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the 
shares in the Fund pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 except: 
(1) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 305(5) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) of the SFA; 
(2) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; or 
(3) where the transfer is by operation of law. 
This publication is prepared and issued by the Bank but distributed by its Singapore branch in the conduct of its business in Singapore.  Bank 
J. Safra Sarasin Ltd, Singapore Branch (incorporated in Switzerland with limited liability) is an exempt financial adviser under the Singapore 
Financial Advisers Act (Cap. 110), a wholesale bank licensed under the Singapore Banking Act (Cap. 19) and regulated by the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. 
This advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
 
© Copyright Bank J. Safra Sarasin Ltd. All rights reserved. 
 
