[Page 1]
18 September 2026
Global Automotive
Reinventing the wheel(s)
tim.rokossa@db.com
Published on 15th Sep 2026
The global automotive industry will likely not look the same a decade from now. In 
yet another challenge, we see the industry at a crossroads to shake off the dust and 
reinvent or face potentially drastic consequences for its asset base and corporate 
structure. As global demand is only modestly growing and highly contested, 
flawless industrial execution, tight cost control/restructuring and defending 
regional relevance/dominance remain the basis for competing. That said, 
companies are likely to look for growth in adjacent market and new opportunities. 
Defining a niche strategy or moving to become a larger conglomerate with 
additional humanoid, defence or space offerings seems the path forward. We 
believe that this piece represents a standard reference for the sector with a global 
perspective.
European Beverages
A future with a few cheers
mitch.collett@db.com
Published on 16th Sep 2026
• Beverages now cheap – but reflects weak delivery
• Structural headwinds remain for Beverage Alcohol; cyclical headwinds also a 
factor
• Prefer companies that are increasing or maintaining A&P
• Inputs likely a modest headwind in 2027, offset with pricing
• Remain positive on Soft drinks, selective in Beer and cautious on Spirits
Jonathan Jayarajan
Associate Director Equity Research - EMEA 
Products
+44-20-754-76037
Deutsche Bank AG
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. Deutsche Bank does 
and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be aware that the firm may 
have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single 
factor in making their investment decision. 
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Europe  
 
 Strategy  
 This week's most 
read research  
 Date  
 
Periodical
 
Equities – Europe’s top ten


[Page 2]
18 September 2026
This week's most read research
Page 2
Deutsche Bank AG
European Staples
Brand and deliver
mitch.collett@db.com
Published on 16th Sep 2026
We believe A&P / sales is a key aspect of stock selection for Consumer Staples. 
Since 1998, Staples companies that increase A&P/sales YoY have outperformed 
those that decrease A&P sales by 122% (an annual CAGR of 300bps). In addition, 
companies that increase A&P / sales have consistently outperformed those that 
decrease for operational delivery with organic sales growth 80bps higher, organic 
EBIT growth 250bp higher and EPS growth 500bps higher. During 2023-25, larger 
players lost share and smaller players gained share in 6/6 staples categories in the 
US and 4/6 staples categories in Western Europe. The shift towards smaller players 
appears to have become a more meaningful headwind from 2022, implying a broad 
deterioration in competitive dynamics. The continuing threat from smaller players 
makes brand investment crucial to success.
Semis skimmed
Tracking the tightness: Sep 2026
rob.sanders@db.com
Published on 15th Sep 2026
In partnership with dbDataInsights, we have been conducting a weekly scrape of 
chip pricing of mainly analog/discrete/MCU components sold into the distributor 
channel (>1,500 SKUs). During September, the trend remains positive - mature chip 
pricing trending upwards as shortage conditions prevail in specific, lagging-edge 
categories, albeit overall tightness is not pervasive as in 2021/22. Price increases 
continue to be significant in parts of analog (via TI/ADI), while it is notable that many 
mature foundries are raising pricing into 2027, price increases that are likely to be 
passed on. As per Fusion, Infineon supply constraints are also set to persist into 
2027, while core MCU and sensor categories at ST Micro are seeing extended lead 
times (to 40-50 weeks). Passives (eg MLCCs) have entered shortage conditions.
European Beverages
A future with a few cheers
mitch.collett@db.com
Published on 16th Sep 2026
We continue to believe Beverage Alcohol growth in developed markets faces 
headwinds from 1) Health; 2) Younger consumers; 3) GLP-1; 4) Cannabis. In 
addition, Spirits face headwinds from RTD growth. At the same time soft drinks 
appear to go from strength. We update our medium and long term DCF 
assumptions for our coverage as a result. A&P a key driver of delivery - Analysis of 
A&P data for 25 European and US listed Consumer Staples companies over the past 
28 years shows that companies that increase A&P / sales consistently outperform 
those that decrease for organic sales growth, organic EBIT growth, EPS growth and 
share price performance, as discussed in detail in our note, Brand and deliver. Our 
analysis makes us more constructive on Campari and ABI and more cautious on 
Diageo, Remy, Pernod and Carlsberg.


[Page 3]
18 September 2026
This week's most read research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 3
European Banks
The Question Bank – key topics for discussions with management teams
benjamin.goy@db.com
Published on 11th Sep 2026
In this report we provide key questions for the sector and for the European banks 
under our coverage. On Deutsche Bank estimates for 2027, European banks trade 
at 10.6 x EPS, 4.7% dividend yield (+2.5% share buybacks on top) and 1.75x 
tangible book for an expected ROTE of 16.5% . We value banks using DDM and 
SoTP methodologies. Key upside risks: a soft landing, limited pass-through of 
interest rates, better-than-expected loan growth, resilient asset quality and 
regulatory forbearance. Key downside risks: a significant European recession, high 
deposit beta, higher loan losses, political and regulatory risks.
UK banks
Capital as a catalyst
robert.noble@db.com
Published on 11th Sep 2026
We remain positive on UK banks as strong earnings, capital generation and 
shareholder returns are now supported by favourable regulatory catalysts in H2. 
Positive regulatory reform is not reflected in consensus and creates potential 
upside to estimates. Higher interest rates are a positive for the domestic banks 
which already benefit from strong top-line growth driven by structural hedge 
repricing. Yet, we are reluctant to give credit in our estimates for further rate 
increases. So long as loan growth exceeds deposit growth and the Bank of England 
is withdrawing liquidity from the system, we expect incremental rate gains could be 
offset in funding costs. NatWest remains our preferred name given its exposure to 
both regulatory reform and higher rates at a discounted valuation. We continue to 
see deep value in the specialist lenders, although unlocking that value may take 
longer in a higher-rate environment.
Global Copper
Mine supply crunch meets tariff uncertainty
liam.fitzpatrick@db.com
Published on 11th Sep 2026
Having closed at a new all-time high on Wednesday (LME spot $14.8k/t), copper 
prices fell sharply (-4%) yesterday on a Reuters article stating that the White House 
is hesitating on introducing tariffs on copper due to concerns over inflation. The 
market's central case has been a phased introduction of tariffs on refined copper, 
and the recent rally has largely been driven by the flow of metal into the US, 
tightening physical availability across the rest of the world and driving ex-US 
inventories towards critically low levels. While limited in detail, this story introduces 
additional uncertainty around both the timing and scope of potential US tariffs on 
copper imports, leaving prices highly sensitive to policy developments (at present, 
a 50% tariff applies to semi-finished products only). As outlined in our recent US 
copper tariff note, if the tariff threat were removed entirely, the excess inventory 
accumulated in the US could become a significant overhang on the market.


[Page 4]
18 September 2026
This week's most read research
Page 4
Deutsche Bank AG
dbDataInsights
Gulf shipping tracker & global response: Lingering uncertainty
debbie.jones@db.com
Published on 16th Sep 2026
Energy supply uncertainty remains elevated, with broader markets focused on 
implications from the shutdown of Saudi Arabia’s East-West pipeline after it was 
damaged in attacks last week. US Energy Secretary Wright expects to see the 
pipeline running “very soon”, though the WSJ claims it could take 6-8 weeks to 
restore full capacity. The pipeline has a maximum capacity of 7 mb/d with about 2 
mb/d used for domestic consumption. Oil supply disruptions and uncertainty have 
driven oil prices to over ~$108/bbl (Brent), amplifying inflation fears and 
contributing to US 10-Year Treasury yields climbing above 5% to reach their highest 
level since 2007.
AstraZeneca
CAMBRIAN explosion tbc, but feeling more SERENE after reset: u/g to Hold*
emmanuel.papadakis@db.com
Published on 15th Sep 2026
It is not a frequent occurrence, but almost a year after our d/g to Sell (AZN : Turning 
sceptical on SERENA(4): cut to Sell (16/10/25)) alongside our breast cancer deep 
dive (Breast cancer deep dive: focus on SERD potential to extend lives for the many 
(16/10/25)), the trial at the centre of that report (SERENA4) duly reported negatively 
on Friday and with the stock down c3% in absolute terms over the period and having 
underperformed the EU large cap peer group by c10% (FX-adj.), we upgrade to 
Hold. This has clearly been partly for reasons we anticipated (e.g. the H2 event 
overhang, patent cliff concerns) and partly those we did not (e.g. Wainua, BMY), but 
whilst don’t view yesterday’s sector-bounce as either reflecting recent 
fundamentals or particularly durable heading into the mid-terms, we do see risk-
reward more neutrally here for AZN. We nudge our PT +2% to £117 based on a 14x 
FY27 P/E: a c15% premium to the group on 12x which is a compression vs. recent 
history averaging double that but reflecting mixed recent pipeline newsflow (both 
within and beyond oncology…) and legitimately reasserted long-term post-LoE 
growth concerns, offset by a reasonable growth and R&D catalyst outlook nearer-
term.


[Page 5]
18 September 2026
This week's most read research
Deutsche Bank AG
Page 5
Figure 1: Co-Diary 21st – 25th Sep 2026 (Prices as on 17th Sep 2026)
Source : Deutsche Bank, Data captured from Bloomberg Finance LP on 18th Sep 2026
 # Stoxx600 Non DB Covered Companies
