[Page 1]
James Yaro 
+1(212)902-1913 | 
james.e.yaro@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Alexander Blostein, CFA 
+1(212)357-9976 | 
alexander.blostein@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Matthew Weng 
+1(212)902-8484 | 
matthew.weng@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Aditya Sharma, CFA 
+1(212)934-9869 | 
aditya.x.sharma@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs India SPL 
Divyam Harlalka 
+1(332)245-7818 | 
divyam.harlalka@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs India SPL 
Anthony Corbin 
+1(212)357-7512 | 
anthony.corbin@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Lokesh Kumar Sangewar 
+1(332)245-7846 | 
lokesh.sangewar@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs India SPL 
Thirukumaran R 
+1(332)245-7608 | 
thirukumaran.r@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs India SPL
characteristics1 are exempt, whereas non-native, 
derivative-like tokenized equities that certain brokers 
offer outside of the US (e.g., HOOD) are not permitted; 
and 3) the order appears to permit issuers to refuse 
tokenization of their equity - if issuers broadly choose 
to do so, this could limit the TAM for the product. The 
requirement that only AMMs may avail themselves of 
the exemption appears to be specifically targeted at 
enabling innovation among smaller, more nascent 
execution venues in the decentralized finance (DeFi) 
space, given AMMs function better at smaller scale, 
whereas CLOBs are more effective for deeper, more 
liquid markets. Specifically, the order offers Exchange Act 
registration relief for TSVs that have AMMs (from exchange 
registration) and their liquidity providers (from dealer 
registration). Registration relief is subject to certain 
conditions, including: 1) tokenized equities traded on a TSV 
are subject to limits on the number of symbols and volume 
traded; 2) a TSV must verify that the tokenized equity offers 
1
Note: These include shareholder rights and dividends that are 
comparable to those offered on the underlying equity.
18 September 2026 | 1:22PM EDT
AMERICAS CRYPTO & EXCHANGES 
Overviewing the SEC innovation exemption order permitting trading of tokenized equities
On 9/17, the SEC issued an order granting a 5-year 
conditional exemption from registration for certain 
exchanges and liquidity providers (collectively termed 
tokenized securities venues [TSVs]), so that they can 
offer equities on the blockchain (tokenized equities) in 
the US. We believe that this order broadly permits US 
tokenized equities for the first time, which could lead to 
the growth of the tokenized US equity market over time. 
In particular, we expect brokerage innovators and crypto 
companies to potentially build in this space, given 
existing tokenized equity products, including tokenized 
equities outside of the US. However, there are a number 
of considerations that could limit broad US tokenized 
equities adoption, and/or the speed of growth, including: 
1) the need to build new order book tech, given only 
venues that use an automated market maker (AMM) 
order book are permitted to avail themselves of the 
exemption - traditional exchanges and most centralized 
crypto venues currently use central limit order books 
(CLOBs), rather than AMMs; 2) the need to build new 
tokenized equities products, given only tokenized 
equities that have certain native tokenization 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have 
a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment 
decision. For Reg AC certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts 
employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
certain native tokenization characteristics, specifically the same rights and privileges as the equivalent traditional stock; and 
3) before beginning trading, the TSV must provide written notice and an opportunity to object to the issuer of the stock. 
This order represents a further step to clarifying regulation around the use of blockchain technology in US financial 
services, alongside: 1) the previous Regulation Crypto Asset proposal from August, 2026 (report here), which proposed 
exemptions around token issuance for smaller projects; and 2) the CFTC’s no-action position (also from 9/17) to 
providers of passive software (see here), which exempted developers of self-custody wallets from registration as 
introducing brokers. We believe further regulatory reforms could follow, as both the SEC and CFTC have indicated 
appetite to set out comprehensive digital asset regulation. However, we continue to believe that these regulatory 
efforts are insufficient to fully unlock broader adoption for digital assets. In our view, this would require broader 
legislative reform, e.g., the CLARITY Act, which failed a Senate cloture vote on 9/15. We believe the order has limited direct 
implications for the traditional exchanges and is a better outcome from a competitive perspective than if broader 
tokenization legislation passed and lead to wider spread adoption (ex. CLARITY Act). 
Impacts on our coverage: 
Brokers & crypto: We expect certain names in our coverage could potentially build tokenized equity markets in the US, 
n
specifically Buy-rated COIN and HOOD. COIN could be most benefited, given COIN’s tokenized equities product through 
its brokerage already has many of the characteristics of the tokenized equities permitted by this order, e.g., offering 
comparable shareholder rights and dividends as the underlying - as such, we see a limited tech upgrade for COIN to use 
the exemption to potentially offer tokenized equities in the US. COIN also already has infrastructure offerings that it 
provides to clients that should benefit from other companies building tokenized equities using this exemption, 
specifically: 1) a tokenization platform to support other companies building tokenization; and 2) a scaled custody 
business. If COIN wished to develop a tokenized equity exchange using this exemption, we believe that this would require 
building new exchange technology, given COIN’s exchange offerings today use CLOBs, rather than AMMs. HOOD could 
also benefit, although its tokenized equity product outside of the US is non-natively tokenized, which would not be 
permitted under this order, thus bringing the product to the US would require additional product development. Finally, 
given tokenized equities would be on-chain, this could drive greater use of tokenized cash as a settlement currency. This 
could, in turn, result in greater stablecoin adoption, benefiting both COIN and Neutral-rated CRCL, which have exposure 
to the largest US-regulated stablecoin, USDC.  
Traditional exchanges: We believe the order has limited direct implications for the traditional exchanges in our coverage 
n
and is a better outcome from a competitive perspective than if broader tokenization legislation passed and lead to wider 
spread adoption (ex. CLARITY Act). Given that NDAQ and NYSE (ICE) already operate registered national securities 
exchanges, they do not require relief from the definition of “exchange” in order to trade tokenized equities. Notably, both 
are pursuing tokenization within the existing market infrastructure frameworks rather than TSVs. As a result, we do not 
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
Americas Crypto & Exchanges
 
 


[Page 3]
believe either would need to build AMM infrastructure to support their current tokenization initiatives. That being said, 
the AMM condition would become relevant if an exchange sought to operate a TSV, whether directly or through an 
affiliate/partner. Further, we note that none of the exchanges in our coverage have announced an intention to do so 
though ICE noted it has the ability to do through its partner OKX. Further, proliferation of new TSV venues could result in 
increased liquidity bifurcation, limiting potential benefits from new technology to market participants. Overall, given 
volume caps and corporate issuers ability to opt out of TSV operators issuing tokenized equities, we see minimal impact 
to volumes at traditional exchanges.  
Further detail below.
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
Americas Crypto & Exchanges
 
 


[Page 4]
Scope of exemptions: The order grants conditional 5-year exemptions from registration for TSVs, entities that facilitate 
n
tokenized equities trading, provided that they use AMMs, rather than CLOBs. We note that AMMs are primarily used by 
decentralized exchanges, whereas CLOBs are typically used by traditional exchanges and many centralized crypto 
exchanges under our coverage. Further, the exemption applies only to equity tokens with certain native tokenization 
features, and does not provide exemption to non-native tokenized equities that have derivative-like characteristics. The 
order permits issuers to disallow tokenization of their own securities by objecting before trading begins. Other conditions 
for exemption include: 
TSVs are subject to limits on the number of tickers and volumes traded on the venue; 
a.
TSVs would need to offer comparable shareholder rights and dividends for tokenized stock holders as those offered 
b.
to underlying stock holders; 
Smart contracts of the AMMs need to be auditable, public and deployed on a public blockchain; and 
c.
TSVs are required to provide public notice about operations and trading. 
d.
Before beginning trading, the TSV must provide written notice and an opportunity to object to the issuer of the 
e.
stock. 
Impact of only excluding AMM order books: AMMs support liquidity to longer-tail contracts with its token inventory, 
n
and are thus designed for newer markets. However, as trade sizes increase, risk of price slippage increase, vs. CLOBs, due 
to the AMM smart contracts’ scarcity-dependent pricing. This hinders liquidity as markets expand, and means CLOBs are 
typically better for deeper markets. We believe that this could limit the exemption’s effect on larger markets. 
Native vs. non-native tokenization: The order only applies to tokenized equities with certain natively tokenized 
n
features, specifically shareholder rights, and dividends, which are comparable to those offered to holders of the 
underlying stock. Native tokenization refers to assets in which the blockchain serves as the primary, legally binding ledger 
for the tokenized asset, and the assets are issued directly on the blockchain by the issuer or its agent. On the other hand, 
non-native tokenized equities, which appear to be out of the scope of the order, creates an on-chain wrapper of an 
off-chain asset, and the resulting product approximates a derivative or swap. Key differences include: 1) native tokens 
represent direct on-chain asset ownership vs. non-native tokens that merely represent a claim on the underlying; 2) 
natively tokenized assets typically have most or all of the rights associated with the underlying, namely voting and 
dividends, while most non-native do not; and 3) native assets are governed primarily by the underlying issuer’s regulator, 
vs. non-native assets, which have dual oversight at the token and the underlying level.  
Current regulatory and legislative progress: This exemption follows the SEC’s previous Regulation Crypto Assets that 
n
provided issuer-related exemptions (see our report here). In addition, the CFTC issued a no-action position on 9/17 to 
providers of passive software (see here), which exempted developers of permissionless digital asset protocols, e.g., self 
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
Americas Crypto & Exchanges
 
 


[Page 5]
custody crypto wallets, from registration as introducing brokers. In our view, incremental regulatory reforms could follow, 
as both the SEC and CFTC chairs have indicated a focus on creating comprehensive digital asset regulation, irrespective of 
the status of digital assets legislation. However, we believe that these regulatory efforts, are likely not fully sufficient to 
unlock the potential for broader adoption for digital assets. In our view, regulatory action lacks the permanence of 
legislation, as it could be reversed or amended by future regulators through rulemaking. In our view, a full unlock of digital 
assets would require comprehensive legislative reform, e.g., the CLARITY Act, which failed a Senate cloture vote on 9/15. 
Implications across our coverage:  
n
Brokers & crypto: We expect certain names in our coverage could look to build tokenized equity markets in the US, 
o
specifically Buy-rated COIN and HOOD. COIN could benefit most, given that its tokenized equities brokerage 
product already offers certain shareholder rights and dividends that appear to align with criteria required to use 
this exemption. Further, COIN offers a number of infrastructure offerings that should allow it to benefit if other 
firms build tokenized equities offerings using the exemption, specifically COIN’s custody offering, and Coinbase 
Tokenize, its institutional tokenization platform. However, if COIN were to use the exemption to build a tokenized 
equities exchange, this would likely require tech development, given COIN’s exchanges use CLOBs. As such, it would 
need to build AMM infrastructure to offer tokenized equity trading. That being said, COIN routes brokered trades to 
decentralized exchanges, many of which use AMMs and thus could use the exemption. HOOD could also be a 
beneficiary, although HOOD’s current tokenized equity product (only available in Europe) is non-natively tokenized, 
which would not be permitted under this order. HOOD would therefore need to build tokenized equity product to 
meet the criteria of the exemption. Finally, given tokenized equities are on-chain, this could drive greater use of 
tokenized cash as a settlement currency. This could benefit Neutral-rated CRCL as the issuer of the largest 
US-regulated stablecoin, USDC. COIN also receives meaningful economics from most existing USDC, and could thus 
benefit as well. 
Traditional exchanges: We believe the order has limited direct implications or competitive risks for the traditional 
o
exchanges in our coverage, given that NDAQ and NYSE (ICE) already operate registered national securities 
exchanges and therefore do not require relief from the definition of “exchange” in order to trade tokenized 
equities. Notably, both are pursuing tokenization within the existing market infrastructure frameworks rather than 
TSVs. As a result, we do not believe either would need to build AMM infrastructure to support their current 
tokenization initiatives. That being said, the AMM condition would become relevant if an exchange sought to 
operate a TSV, whether directly or through an affiliate/partner. Further, we note that none of the exchanges in our 
coverage have announced an intention to do so though ICE noted it has the ability to do through its partner OKX. 
Further, proliferation of new TSV venues could result in increased liquidity bifurcation, limiting potential benefits 
from new technology to market participants. Overall, given volume caps and corporate issuers’ ability to opt out of 
TSV operators issuing tokenized equities, we see minimal impact to volumes at traditional exchanges.  
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
Americas Crypto & Exchanges
 
 


[Page 6]
Current initiatives and their fit within the order: NDAQ received SEC approval in March 2026 for a pilot that 
§
permits tokenized versions of DTC-eligible securities to trade on the same order book, with DTC handling 
tokenization and settlement once a buyer flags at order entry that it wants delivery in token form. This 
largely covers Russell 1000 constituents and index ETFs and applies for the duration of the pilot (3 years). In 
DTCC’s production test in July 2026, NDAQ was the venue where trades were executed before DTCC 
converted them into tokens, with QQQ among the key securities used. DTCC’s tokenization service is due to 
launch in October 2026. On the other hand, NYSE (ICE) has followed a similar path and fits within the current 
DTC pilot framework and with the same eligible universe (Russell 1000). In addition, NYSE is developing a 
separate platform that would support 24/7 trading, instant settlement, and stablecoin-based funding by 
combining its Pillar matching engine with blockchain-based post-trade systems, although that venue remains 
subject to regulatory approval.  
How competitive dynamics could evolve: We believe the incumbent traditional exchanges would retain a 
§
structural advantage in the most liquid names, given that tokenized orders on NDAQ and NYSE interact with 
the same order book as traditional shares, whereas tokenized equities on a TSV are subject to limits on the 
number of symbols and volumes traded, and access is restricted to permissioned participants. This is 
enforced by the point that the eligible universe under the DTC pilot consists of Russell 1000 constituents and 
major index ETFs, which are precisely the deeper markets where CLOBs are typically more effective than 
AMMs.  
That said, we see trading hours as the more likely area of competition, given that NDAQ expects to begin 
§
round-the-clock trading (23/5) starting 12/6, which leaves weekends uncovered and NYSE’s 24/7 venue still 
requires approval. However, we note that demand for overnight trading remains modest today, as overnight 
ATS volumes represented ~0.7% of total ADV in 1H26 and were concentrated in sub-dollar stocks and 
leveraged/inverse ETFs (per our estimate). Lastly, we note that both paths are time-limited — exemptions 
granted to TSVs expire 5 years while traditional exchanges’ tokenized trading rules apply only during the 
DTC’s 3 year pilot program.
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
Americas Crypto & Exchanges
 
 


[Page 7]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, James Yaro, Alexander Blostein, CFA, Matthew Weng, Aditya Sharma, CFA, Divyam Harlalka, Anthony Corbin, Lokesh Kumar Sangewar and Thirukumaran R, hereby certify that all of the views expressed 
in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: James Yaro Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Alexander Blostein, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Matthew Weng Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Aditya Sharma, CFA Goldman Sachs India SPL, 
Divyam Harlalka Goldman Sachs India SPL, Anthony Corbin Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Lokesh Kumar Sangewar Goldman Sachs India SPL, Thirukumaran R Goldman Sachs India SPL. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted 
are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized 
ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may vary 
depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. 
Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based 
on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile indicating a 
stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future 
compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary across sectors and regions) to incorporate the 
potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of 
the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not factor into our price target, and may or may not be 
discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make 
comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Rating and pricing information 
Circle Internet Group (Neutral, $85.09), Coinbase Global Inc. (Buy, $173.97) and Robinhood Markets Inc. (Buy, $109.81)  
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks 
not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
 
 


[Page 8]
definitions’ below. The Investment Banking Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment banking services 
within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other 
ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may 
trade as a principal in debt securities (or in related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, professionals reporting to analysts and members of their 
households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes 
investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an officer, 
director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to 
FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty 
Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in 
Australia. This research, and any access to it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In producing research 
reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research 
reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the 
specific circumstances relating to the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been prepared by 
Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to 
the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research 
Independence Policy Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation to CVM Resolution n. 20 is 
available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 
of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information 
purposes only and is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of securities in Canada to trade in any 
Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities 
and may be prohibited from selling certain securities and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the securities of covered companies referred to in this research 
may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) 
Securities Private Limited, Research Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate Identity Number 
U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities 
Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the 
intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact details, a copy of the annual compliance 
audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link:  
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any 
access to it, is intended only for “professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further information on the subject 
company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither 
“registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the 
Financial Advisers Act 2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but 
are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not 
constitute a personalized investment recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial circumstances, 
investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken by a client or any other person based on this research report.  
Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be 
contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors should carefully 
consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such 
term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to 
the risk warnings that have been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are available from Goldman Sachs 
International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) (2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the 
European Union and the European Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment recommendations or other 
information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of conflicts of interest is available at 
 
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
 
 


[Page 9]
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, and a member of Japan Securities Dealers 
Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to 
commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total 
return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage 
Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists and 
represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or 
removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ 
investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon 
associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an 
Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at  
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a 
merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. 
Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that has passed a 
Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for 
this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock 
and should not be relied upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce 
research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 
21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. 
Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs 
(India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited; in 
Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs 
International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in 
connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by 
the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and 
disseminates research within the European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or 
complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek 
to update our research as appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment banking and other business relationships with a 
substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the 
opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views 
expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference 
catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target 
expectations for such stocks. Any such trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return potential relative to 
its coverage universe as described herein. 
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
 
 


[Page 10]
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, 
derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman 
Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not necessarily reflect those of Global Investment 
Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the products mentioned that are inconsistent with the 
views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. It does not constitute a personal recommendation 
or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for 
their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or 
price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. Investors should review current options and futures 
disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at  
 and 
 
. Transaction costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting 
documentation will be supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research may vary as compared to that 
provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and 
investment focus and perspective (e.g., marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  As an 
example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis 
available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material 
changes to earnings estimates for equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through electronic publication to our 
internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all research content is redistributed to our clients or 
available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, 
markets or asset classes (including related services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  You may not resell or reverse engineer this information 
to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
You are not permitted to publish, transmit, or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. This 
foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to 
provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any such system. 
18 September 2026
 <#>
Goldman Sachs
 
 
