[Page 1]
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Research   
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 2021 
INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER DETAILS.  
 
Economics 
US Economic Notes 
Date 
18 September 2026 
What you need to know for the week ahead 
Commentary for Monday: This week’s economic calendar features a heavy dose 
of Fedspeak with a sprinkling of data releases that should provide a timely update 
on the outlook for capex and the overall business sector. In addition, the Treasury 
will conduct its second long-end buyback in the 20-30y sector since expanding 
the size. Investors will likely focus on the purchase amount, which Treasury has 
indicated would be at least $4bn but could be higher, as well as the breadth of 
offers accepted.  
Regarding this week’s Fed communications, recall that while the FOMC raised 
rates as expected last week, the meeting statement, updated Summary of 
Economic Projections (SEP) and Chair Warsh’s brief press conference sent a 
hawkish signal on the policy outlook. As we noted in our recap (see “Fed Notes: 
Sept FOMC recap: Removing a "dose of accommodation" helps the inflation go 
down“), the most important changes to the meeting statement focused on 
inflation as last week’s hike was framed as “support[ing] a timelier return” to the 
2 percent target. The statement also removed the reference to supply shocks as 
part of the reason for above-target inflation, potentially implying Fed officials are 
no longer willing to look through their impact on inflation. Both changes 
emphasize the hawkish shift in Fed officials’ views, mirrored in their economic and 
policy projections released alongside the statement.  
The latest SEP also pointed to a strong consensus around another hike this year, 
with 16 officials anticipating additional tightening in 2026. Next year’s projections 
showed most officials split between 50bps and 75bps of total tightening. The 
long-run dot also edged higher to 3.2%. To be sure, Chair Warsh’s press 
conference did not provide forward guidance. He framed the rate hike as aimed 
at removing a “dose” of accommodation against a backdrop of limited evidence 
that policy is restrictive. Warsh also noted that this view on financial conditions is 
now “widely shared across the Committee.”  
Warsh was also asked for his view on the drivers of higher long-term interest rates. 
He provided three. First, higher bond yields reflect economic strength. Second, 
there is great competition from capital given the “surge” in capex – mostly linked 
to AI – and increased issuance from hyperscalers. Note that Wednesday’s S&P 
Global manufacturing survey (54.0 forecast vs. 53.9 previously) and Friday’s 
durable goods orders (+0.6% headline / +1.1% ex-transportation / +1.1% core) 
should provide a timely update on the capex outlook. Third, geopolitical 
developments that have led to higher commodity prices are also putting upward 
pressure on long-term interest rates. 
Given that the vote was unanimous last week, and the dots showed significant 
consensus on further tightening, we expect this week’s slate of speakers to largely 
reiterate Chair Warsh’s messaging. That said, we will be parsing this week’s 
Fedspeak to see how various officials may differ in terms of their outlooks on the 
pace and extent of additional monetary tightening. Indeed, we will be 
Brett Ryan 
Senior US Economist 
+1-212-250-6294 
 
Justin Weidner 
Economist 
+1-212-469-1679 
 
Matthew Luzzetti, Ph.D. 
Chief US Economist 
+1-212-250-6161 
 
Amy Yang 
Economist 
+1-212-250-9959 
 


[Page 2]
18 September 2026 
US Economic Notes 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 2 
 
benchmarking each speech against our best guesses as to each official’s policy 
rate forecast (see “Fed Notes: Who's who in the September 2026 dot plot“). 
Monday kicks off with Chicago’s Goolsbee (non-voter) who we see as joining the 
chorus of officials projecting another hike this year. On Tuesday the two Vice 
Chairs, Governor Jefferson (VC of the Board of Governors) and New York’s 
Williams (VC of the FOMC), will open the New York Fed’s Treasury market 
conference where the focus will be on Treasury market functioning. That said, we 
may get more color on Williams’s outlook on Thursday and Friday when he 
participates in policy panels. Though we see both VCs projecting another hike this 
year, we have identified Williams as potentially one of the four officials expecting 
the Fed to ease by the end of next year.  
On Wednesday, Governor Barr will be speaking at a housing event hosted by the 
Chicago Fed. Recall that Barr had recently sounded a more hawkish tone prior to 
last week’s meeting, and we see his rate forecasts in step with the medians for this 
year and next. Rounding out this week’s appearances on Thursday and Friday will 
be 
Richmond’s 
Barkin 
(non-voter), 
Cleveland’s 
Hammack 
(voter) 
and 
Philadelphia’s Paulson (voter). Given Hammack’s dissent in July, we see her as one 
of the officials projecting two more rate hikes this year, while Barkin and Paulson 
are likely in line with median forecasts for this year and next. In short, we will be 
parsing this week’s Fedspeak to see if our dot plot identifications are close to the 
mark as well as how each official views the risks around his or her outlook.  
The signals from the September FOMC meeting reinforced our baseline 
expectation that the Fed is likely to deliver 50bps more of tightening, leaving the 
fed funds rate at 4.375% by the end of Q1 2027. However, as we also discussed 
(see “Fed Notes: How high might they go?“), Chair Warsh’s framing of the 
tightening cycle that the Fed kicked off last week suggested an intention to 
return policy to a sufficiently restrictive stance against a backdrop of a rising 
neutral rate. Indeed, as we outlined in the aforementioned piece, based on 
reasonable scenarios for r-star, there is plausibly 40bps of upside risk to that 
expectation, consistent with the just over 100bps of total tightening this cycle 
that is currently priced.  
 
Figure 1: Data docket & DB forecasts 
Source: Deutsche Bank Research 
 
 
 


[Page 3]
18 September 2026 
US Economic Notes 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 3 
 
Figure 2: Fedspeak calendar 
 
Source: FRB, Bloomberg Finance LP, Deutsche Bank Research 
 
 
 
Figure 3: DB US Economics forecast summary 
Source: BEA, BLS, FRB, HAVER Analytics, Deutsche Bank 
 
 
 


[Page 4]
18 September 2026 
US Economic Notes 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 4 
 
Figure 4: Data calendar & DB forecasts 
 
Source: Deutsche Bank Research 
 
 


[Page 5]
18 September 2026 
US Economic Notes 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
 
 
