[Page 1]
Brooke Roach, CFA 
+1(212)357-2421 | 
brooke.roach@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Mentesnot Adamu 
+1(801)744-0630 | 
mentesnot.adamu@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Carly Chasen 
+1(212)902-2327 | 
carly.chasen@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Amer Sports Inc. (AS): Salomon Investor Day Takeaways
17 September 2026 | 6:39PM MDT
We attended the Amer Sports Investor Day in Annecy, France on September 17th. At 
the event, AS updated its long-term financial targets and outlined a path for 
Salomon to grow at a mid-teens CAGR (to >$5bn). Management expects 
broad-based growth at the Salomon brand across geographies, channels, and 
product categories, but management sees particular opportunity in running, 
sportstyle, head to toe apparel, and DTC growth as key accelerators. This is 
supported by an expansion of the company’s key epicenter strategy to new cities 
globally. Regarding near-term trends, management also raised its F3Q guidance for 
sales and operating profit margins and also clarified that the base from which EBIT 
margins will grow (FY26) is the ex-tariff base of 13.8-14.1%.  
Key messages from the event included: (1) Salomon has moved beyond its legacy 
outdoor and winter sports equipment roots into a broader softgoods growth 
platform, with footwear now representing the majority of the business and 
sportstyle becoming a large growth engine. (2) Management positioned the brand’s 
long-term opportunity around category expansion from a $25bn core outdoor/WSE 
market into a $135bn performance and sport footwear opportunity, and over time a 
$300bn head-to-toe addressable market. (3) The company’s 2031 Salomon 
framework calls for mid-teens sales CAGR and 20-60bps+ of annual operating 
margin expansion, with growth expected to be broad-based across regions and 
supported by both category mix and channel mix. (4) Sportstyle remains the most 
visible unlock, and management emphasized franchise diversification beyond XT-6, 
disciplined marketplace management, and continued use of collaborations, capsules, 
and product newness to sustain heat. (5) Running is expected to become a more 
meaningful performance growth vector, with gravel positioned as Salomon’s next 
major bet and road expansion supported by technology transfer, athlete credibility, 
and the recently announced Ironman partnership. (6) At the Amer Sports portfolio 
level, management reiterated that the company has three growth engines in 
Arc’teryx, Salomon softgoods, and Wilson Tennis 360. The company continues to 
preserve flexibility to invest behind brand equity, DTC, marketing, IT, and talent. (7) 
Management indicated that M&A is not a priority and that share repurchase will only 
be utilized to offset dilution.  
Our view: We step away from the event with increased confidence that Salomon has 
multiple increasingly balanced paths to sustain above-market growth. We were 
impressed by the playbook in performance running and the clearer articulation of 
brand differentiation and cadence of innovation. The company has a deep bench of 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
strong talent. Additionally, we were pleased to see management indicate an expansion 
of its successful key city epicenter strategy to additional cities. We believe the clear plans 
regarding management’s regional and product plans provide greater visibility to the 
structural long-term growth of the company. Importantly, we believe the long-term 
algorithm for Amer Sports and the Salomon business remain achievable and prudent. 
That said, we recognize a tough athletic backdrop that has weighed on multiple 
performance in the sector and believe continued execution will be required to drive 
stock outperformance from here. We reiterate our Buy rating.  
Key takeaways: 
3Q guidance raised: The company raised its 3Q26 guidance, now expecting Y/Y 
n
revenue growth of 20-22% (from 18-20% prior), which compares to prior 
GS/FactSet consensus at 20.1%/20.0%, respectively. AS now expects adj. operating 
margin to be slightly above the high end of its previously guided range of 13.5-14%, 
which compares to GS/consensus at 13.1%/13.2%, respectively. 
Long-term algorithm reiterated from a higher base: AS updated its 5+ year 
n
framework to now be based off of FY26 as the base year, and is still calling for a 
low-double-digit to mid-teens annual revenue CAGR and 30-70bps+ of annual 
adjusted operating margin expansion. This implies $3+ of EPS by 2031. Importantly, 
management maintained the framework despite a meaningfully higher revenue and 
margin base versus a year ago, with Arc’teryx, Salomon Softgoods, and Wilson Tennis 
360 still identified as the key growth engines. Segment-level targets also support the 
breadth of the algorithm, with Technical Apparel and Outdoor Performance 
expected to grow mid-teens annually, Ball & Racquet expected to grow mid- to 
high-single digits, and all three segments targeting 20-60bps+ of annual adjusted 
operating margin expansion. We note that the company now expects a slightly more 
prudent margin expansion plan for the B&R and OP segments vs. prior (now 
20-60bps+ vs. 40-80bps prior), which management attributed to recent 
outperformance and reinvestment in growth.  
Salomon is diversified and has several channels for growth: Management framed 
n
Salomon as a diversified growth platform rather than a brand dependent on one 
franchise or one geography, with 40% of 2026E sales from sportstyle footwear, 30% 
from performance footwear, 15% from winter sports equipment, and 15% from 
head-to-toe apparel and bags. Footwear remains the core investment priority at 
roughly 70% of the business, but the broader message was that sportstyle, running, 
apparel, bags, DTC, and regional expansion can each contribute to the next leg of 
growth. 
Sportstyle remains the largest unlock, with new consumer acquisition 
n
supporting the opportunity: Sportstyle has grown roughly 30x from 2021 to 2026E 
and now represents the largest softgoods category, while management noted that 
80% of sportstyle consumers are new to Salomon. Management described 
sportstyle as a meaningfully larger market opportunity than performance footwear 
and highlighted continued product newness, collaborations, capsules, and franchise 
development as core elements of the growth playbook. 
Sportstyle diversification remains a key focus as Salomon moves beyond XT-6: 
n
17 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 3]
Management addressed the concern that Salomon’s sportstyle opportunity could be 
overly dependent on XT-6, noting that the sneaker market is materially larger than 
performance footwear and that the brand is still early in building out a broader 
portfolio. The team emphasized XT-6 lifecycle management, newer franchises such 
as XT-Whisper and ACS, additional launches in the pipeline, and tight control over 
marketplace supply through curated wholesale allocations; management also cited 
product scarcity, merchandising breadth, and marketing allocation as tools to 
manage product lifecycle and sustain franchise momentum. 
Performance is also a growth driver, with gravel running the next frontier: 
n
Management continued to anchor Salomon’s credibility in trail, where the brand has 
established leadership, but the more incremental message was the expansion into 
gravel and road. Gravel was described as the next big bet, already 15% of 2026E 
running sales after 3x growth versus 2025, while road expansion is supported by the 
Aero Glide and Ultra Glide platforms, athlete validation, and the Ironman 
partnership beginning in 2027. 
China remains a key proof point for brand-direct execution at scale with further 
n
growth ahead: Greater China has grown from less than $30mn to a high triple-digit 
million-dollar business, with management citing roughly 330 stores in 2026E, an 
85% retail mix, and strong store productivity. The 2031 target calls for high-teens 
growth, driven by continued retail productivity, high-teens digital and social 
commerce growth, localized product, and apparel as a more important building 
block. 
North America remains early, with a clear acceleration roadmap: North America 
n
is Salomon’s smallest region but the largest global footwear market, and 
management acknowledged the business is still early in the reset. The plan centers 
on curated wholesale partnerships, door expansion in run and sportstyle, improved 
door productivity, 30-40 owned stores across seven cities over time, and an 
epicenter strategy in New York and Los Angeles expanding to additional cities: 
Boston, Washington, Chicago, Miami, and San Francisco. The 2031 target calls for 
low-twenties CAGR, with high-teens wholesale growth and faster owned retail 
growth. 
EMEA remains the home-market anchor, with growth shifting toward premium 
n
distribution and DTC: Management described Europe as Salomon’s largest region at 
40% of 2026E sales and a market where the brand has grown roughly 2x faster than 
the market. The next phase is expected to be low-double-digit growth, supported 
by sportstyle and running, premium wholesale doors, a more balanced owned-store 
fleet, full-price DTC, and replication of the Paris playbook into London and other key 
cities. 
Marketing investment is shifting from demand capture to brand building: 
n
Management highlighted a more deliberate marketing model, with spend doubled 
over the last two years and a shift away from short-term paid search toward 
awareness, consideration, campaigns, partnerships, and community. Early proof 
points included improved brand awareness in key epicenters, a younger and more 
gender-balanced DTC customer base, and measurable campaign lift from Gravel and 
17 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 4]
XT-Whisper activations. 
Winter sports equipment is smaller in mix but important to authenticity: Winter 
n
sports equipment represents 15% of Salomon sales and is expected to grow low- to 
mid-single digits versus an 8% CAGR from 2021 to 2026, but management 
positioned the segment as a core source of brand credibility, identity, and 
amplification. Salomon remains the #1 winter sports equipment brand with 13% 
market share, while Amer Sports’ combined Salomon, Atomic, and Armada footprint 
represents roughly 30% of the market. 
Salomon margin expansion is expected to come through mix and scale while 
n
funding reinvestment: Management expects Salomon to deliver 20-60bps+ of 
annual operating margin expansion, with gross margin supported by footwear, 
sportstyle, DTC, regional mix, and premiumization. SG&A leverage is expected to be 
modest, particularly earlier in the plan, as the company continues to invest in 
marketing, DTC expansion, epicenters, digital/IT/AI, and talent. 
Estimates, valuation and key risks 
We update our FY26/FY27/FY28 EPS estimates to $1.32/$1.68/$2.03 from 
$1.31/$1.67/$1.98 prior to reflect stronger 3Q trends and faster growth momentum 
across the Salomon portfolio, partially offset by a slightly lower rate of margin expansion 
in FY27 vs. our prior expectations. Our 12-month price target moves to $43 from $48 on 
our updated estimates to reflect a lower target multiple. Our target multiple moves to 
14.0x Q5-Q8 EV/EBITDA from 16.0x prior to reflect recent market multiple rerating.  
Key downside risks include: (1) Slower than anticipated growth in the Greater China 
market; (2) Weaker brand momentum due to slower innovation; (3) Corporate structure, 
including the company’s Cayman Islands incorporation and shifts in support from several 
majority shareholders; and (4) Lower real estate availability or quality. 
 
 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates, FactSet. Price as of 17 Sep 2026 close.
AS
12m Price Target: $43.00
Price: $26.27
Upside: 63.7%
 
Buy  
 
GS Forecast
 
Market cap: $15.5bn
Enterprise value: $14.7bn
3m ADTV: $185.9mn
United States
Americas Apparel & Accessories
Brands
M&A Rank: 3
 
12/25
12/26E
12/27E
12/28E
Revenue ($ mn) New
6,566.2
8,203.8
9,455.5
10,747.7
Revenue ($ mn) Old
6,566.2
8,168.0
9,238.7
10,308.0
EBITDA ($ mn)
1,150.7
1,603.1
1,864.2
2,196.9
EBIT ($ mn)
837.7
1,190.9
1,394.9
1,649.0
EPS ($) New
0.97
1.32
1.68
2.03
EPS ($) Old
0.97
1.31
1.67
1.98
P/E (X)
34.2
19.9
15.6
12.9
Dividend yield (%)
--
--
--
--
Net debt/EBITDA (X)
0.2
(0.5)
(0.9)
(1.2)
6/26
9/26E
12/26E
3/27E
EPS ($)
0.22
0.34
0.39
0.50
17 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 5]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Brooke Roach, CFA, Mentesnot Adamu and Carly Chasen, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal 
views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Brooke Roach, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Mentesnot Adamu Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Carly Chasen Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
The rating(s) for Amer Sports Inc. is/are relative to the other companies in its/their coverage universe: Amer Sports Inc., Burlington Stores Inc., 
Canada Goose Holdings, Capri Holdings, Crocs Inc., Deckers Outdoor Corp., FIGS Inc., Gap Inc., Kohl’s Corp., Kontoor Brands Inc., Levi Strauss & Co., 
Lululemon Athletica Inc., Macy’s Inc., Nike Inc., PVH Corp., Ralph Lauren Corp., Ross Stores Inc., Savers Value Village Inc., SharkNinja, Inc., TJX Cos., 
Tapestry Inc., Torrid Holdings Inc., Under Armour Inc., Urban Outfitters Inc., VF Corp., Victoria’s Secret & Co., Warby Parker Inc., YETI Holdings  
Company-specific regulatory disclosures 
The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Goldman Sachs”) and companies covered 
by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research and referred to in this research. 
Goldman Sachs beneficially owned 1% or more of common equity (excluding positions managed by affiliates and business units not required to be 
aggregated under US securities law) as of the month end preceding this report: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Goldman Sachs has received compensation for investment banking services in the past 12 months: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Goldman Sachs expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3 months: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Goldman Sachs had an investment banking services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Goldman Sachs had a non-securities services client relationship during the past 12 months with: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Goldman Sachs has managed or co-managed a public or Rule 144A offering in the past 12 months: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Goldman Sachs is a registered market maker in the securities or derivatives thereof: Amer Sports Inc. ($26.27) 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
17 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 6]
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Price target and rating history chart(s) 
 
Target price history table(s) 
Amer Sports Inc. (AS) 
 
Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions. 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
19-Sep-25
48.00
37.45
19-Aug-25
46.00
35.74
21-Jul-25
45.00
38.18
21-May-25
44.00
37.00
22-Apr-25
28.00
22.25
25-Feb-25
33.00
28.83
08-Jan-25
31.00
30.53
10-Dec-24
28.00
25.64
20-Nov-24
24.00
20.96
21-Oct-24
21.00
18.86
20-Aug-24
19.00
13.63
22-May-24
21.00
15.01
06-Mar-24
22.00
15.16
26-Feb-24
21.00
16.10
17 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 7]
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
17 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 8]
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
17 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 


[Page 9]
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
17 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Amer Sports Inc. (AS)
 
 
