[Page 1]
Coin Metrics State of 
the Network: Issue 
379 
 
Get the best data-driven crypto insights and analysis every week: 
Stablecoins Capturing 
On-Chain Yield 
By: Cooper Duschang, Research Associate & Tanay Ved, Senior Research Associate 
Key Takeaways 
●​ The stablecoin market is over $290B. Across Aave v3 and Morpho, more than 
$8.6B is deposited in lending protocols earning interest from borrowers. 


[Page 2]
●​ The same stablecoin on different lending protocols can have different returns. The 
USDC lending rate on Aave and Morpho is on average 31 bps below and 65 bps 
above the 1-year treasury rate respectively. 
●​ Stablecoin interest does not consistently outperform traditional fixed-income 
products. However, if invested since 2024 on Aave, USDC outperforms ETH lent on 
Aave by 50 bps, showing stablecoins are a productive source of steady yield. 
Introduction  
The U.S. treasury market trades $1.2 trillion per day. Ranging from U.S. treasury bonds to 
junk bonds, fixed-income products are effective products to earn interest on idle assets. 
The stablecoin market has grown to over $290 billion. Holders can deposit stablecoins in 
different on-chain venues, popularly lending protocols including Aave and Morpho, to 
earn yield just like traditional financial instruments. 
 
The introduction of tokenized treasuries, corporate bonds, and money market funds 
on-chain has expanded the number of opportunities to earn interest on assets, or borrow 
against them. These assets provide competitive rates to stablecoins in lending protocols. 
The expansion should lead investors to reevaluate the risks and rewards of owning 
different yield-bearing products. 
 
In this State of the Network, we break down the additional risks earning on-chain yield, 
stablecoin and lending protocol differentiations leading to diverse returns, and stablecoin 
versus volatile asset lending. 
Blurring the Line Between Traditional and On-Chain Yield 
Investors have historically invested in short-term treasuries and money market funds to 
earn yield with minimal risk exposure. The returns on these investments are relatively low 
but also considered safest because of the asset’s short duration and deep liquidity. 
 
The emergence of on-chain yield includes yield-bearing stablecoins, interest on 
stablecoin deposits in DeFi protocols, and tokenized treasuries that possess similar 
properties to traditional fixed-income. They both are intended for low-risk, consistent 
returns, backed by credible institutions and reserves. 
 


[Page 3]
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics, FRED 
 
Investing on-chain brings instant settlement, programmability, and composability difficult 
to replicate in traditional markets. With these benefits though comes additional risk. 
Tokenized treasuries such as Franklin Templeton’s Money Market Fund (BENJI) or the 
BlackRock USD Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund (BUIDL) must manage smart contract 
risk and redemption or liquidity risk. 
 
 
Type 
Example 
Yield driver 
Est APY 30d (%) 
Risk Profile 
Benchmark rate 
EFFR / Fed Funds 
Fed policy 
3.63 
Macro conditions, 
debasement risk 
Tokenized 
treasuries 
BUIDL, BENJI, USYC, USDY 
Passthrough of T-bill yield 
3.63 
Custody, smart 
contract, 
redemption/liquidity 
risk 


[Page 4]
Stablecoin 
lending (Aave) 
Core-USDC lending pool 
Leverage/borrowing demand 
3.64 
Smart contract, 
oracle, utilization, 
lending curve, 
collateral risk 
Stablecoin 
vaults (Morpho) 
Steakhouse USDC 
Curator decisions 
4.44 
Curator, smart 
contract, oracle, 
lending curve, 
collateral risk 
 
 
Tokenized treasuries imitate the yield from the Effective Federal Funds Rate despite 
carrying more risk. This leaves stablecoins and its integrations in DeFi to offer new 
chances for on-chain yields to compete with traditional products. 
 
Additional DeFi complexities and risk should lead stablecoins towards offering higher 
yields. These higher yields however, are not always available. 
The Same Stablecoin on Different Lending Protocols 
Across Morpho and Aave v3, lending protocols hold over $8.6B in stablecoin deposits. 
After the KelpDAO exploit in April 2026, some analysts suggested there was a lack of 
yield compensated to investors for the risks exposed in lending pools. Stablecoin lenders 
must consider the stablecoin price depegging from its fiat currency, oracle manipulation, 
and smart contract exploits. Like traditional fixed-income products, if an investment has 
more risk, it is expected the investor should receive greater compensation. 
 


[Page 5]
One stablecoin’s return is non-uniform across different lending protocols. Since January 
2026, the average yield on USDC deposited in Aave versus Morpho has a 1.59% spread. 
Aave and Morpho have different risk-adjusted yields because they have different 
protocol designs. Morpho supports isolated lending markets for each collateral-borrow 
pair, generating different borrow and supply rates. Aave provides the same borrow and 
supply rate for an asset using a shared pool per market. 
 
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics, FRED 
 
USDC’s yield fluctuations in the Aave Core USDC lending market highlight the variable 
nature of returns relative to traditional fixed-rate products. USDC on Aave yield is on 
average a 31 basis point discount from the 1-year treasury rate. For 78% of 2026, USDC on 
Aave has earned lower annualized returns than the 1-year treasury rate. 
 


[Page 6]
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics, FRED 
 
The return of the median USDC Morpho v2 vault is on average 65 basis points greater 
than the 1-year treasury yield but is ~3.3x more volatile throughout the year. Lending yield 
is driven by supply and demand which can change at any time, whereas treasury yield is 
set by Fed policy and shifts more gradually. 
Different Stablecoins on the Same Lending Protocol 
Current lending rates are designed around the amount supplied and borrowed from a 
pool. Because of this, different stablecoins have different yields within individual lending 
protocols despite having similar reserves. 
 


[Page 7]
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics 
 
Between USDC and USDT on Aave, the two largest stablecoins by deposits, there is an 
average spread of 90 basis points. This is due to stablecoins having different average 
utilization rates. USDC has a 10% greater utilization rate on average over the past 90 
days. PYUSD’s supply rate rose temporarily due to lenders removing available liquidity, 
increasing the utilization rate and therefore raising interest rates for all borrowers and 
lenders. 
 


[Page 8]
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics 
 
Morpho highlights similar discrepancies. Rates on Morpho v1 vaults can be more volatile 
due to capital rotating into v2 vaults and changing market deposits with remaining 
liquidity. Between USDC and USDT, there is an average 126 basis point difference in yield 
across Morpho v2 vaults. All four stablecoins listed provide attestations, invest in cash and 
short-term treasuries, and support a multi-network distribution. Yet small differences in 
DeFi integration, regulation, demand, and protocol design all lead to diverse yield 
expectations.  
How Curators and Yield-Bearing Stables Expand Yield 
Opportunities 
On-chain yield is not solely determined on the protocol architecture or asset level. 
Protocol governance and vault curators also drive on-chain yield. Aave governance can 
adjust lending curves based on the collective’s assessment of an asset’s risk. Yield on 
Morpho is earned based on the decisions of vault curators. Curators act like investment 
managers and allocate deposits to various lending markets to earn yield. 
 


[Page 9]
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics 
 
Curators allocating to different markets based on risk tolerance highlights various 
strategies using the same underlying borrow asset. Over the last 90 days, amongst USDC 
vaults the median yield for deposited USDC is 4.79%. There are high-yield outliers which 
drive the average Vault yield up around 5.31%, revealing curators can augment rewards 
without lending protocol intervention. 
 


[Page 10]
 
Source: Talos CM Network Data Pro 
 
Stablecoin issuers can also incentivize adoption by distributing rewards to holders without 
intermediary lending markets. Users can stake stablecoins such as USDS issued by Sky 
and GHO issued by Aave natively to earn governance-managed rewards. More than 66% 
of outstanding USDS is staked as sUSDS, earning a variable rate currently around 3.52%. 
Users staking GHO receive sGHO and a fixed 4.25% yield. 
Stablecoins versus Volatile Asset Lending 
Despite struggling to compete against the returns of similar assets due to possessing 
higher risk at the same rate of return, stablecoins and their yield have historically 
provided steady returns compared to more volatile lending assets. 
 


[Page 11]
 
 
Source: Talos CM Protocol Metrics 
 
If an investor deposited assets in 2024, on Aave, their return from USDC would be greater 
than the return from lent ETH. While ETH experienced an 8.9% price return, it earned 
around $940 less from Aave yield than USDC. Only 0.1% of WBTC’s return is attributable to 
yield because it is primarily used for collateral; the other 86.9% return is from price 
appreciation. 
 
On Morpho, investing in vaults from 2025, the Steakhouse USDT vault achieves a 4.5% 
return while the Steakhouse ETH vault returns a 1.9% loss. Barring price returns, 
Steakhouse USDT still outperforms Steakhouse ETH by 2%. 
 
Stablecoins provide a consistent source of yield. Relative to its traditional peers, it does 
not always provide competitive results. Relative to other cryptoassets, its rewards clearly 
highlight why over $8.6B stablecoins capture on-chain yield. 
