[Page 1]
Global Watch - Quick Insights
 
18 Sep 2026
BOJ QUIETLY HAWKISH
Rory Green
The BoJ is a poor communicator and markets are equally bad at deciphering the bank’s statements. In July the
BoJ shifted its forward guidance (with an admittedly convoluted phrasing) signalling greater upside inflation risk
and a hawkish bias. It took several follow-up speeches by MPC members for markets to price a September hike
and for the Yen to catch a bid. A similar dynamic is at play now.
Today Ueda added a new hawkish formulation to his commentary. At the press conference he stated that the
“phase” of monetary policy has changed. Ueda explained a new focus on containing inflation rather than
stimulating activity and hinted at a faster pace of rate hikes. We have expected this for some time and continue to
see the BoJ hiking once every three months up to a terminal rate of 2%.
Two dovish dissenters are a cause for concern. That both Takaichi appointees voted against tighter policy is a
reminder that the PM is still wary of hikes. However, given substantial US pressure for monetary tightening and a
Page 1 of 3


[Page 2]
stronger Yen there are limits to even Takaichi’s intervention.
 
Takaichi will appoint two likely dovish members to the MPC next year. Hawks Takata and Tamura will both leave
the committee on 23 July 2027. Coincidentally (not) the BoJ has scheduled a policy meeting for 22 July. Unusually
the meeting is before the Fed will convene that month. The timeline lines up nicely for the BoJ to sneak up to its
2% terminal rate by July.
Page 2 of 3


[Page 3]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report is
intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be
reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable but
are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or
agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is accurate, complete, or
reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts
or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it
may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this report can fall as well
as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have
a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report
and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients
should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the types of financial instrument or
investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No. 10232483
Page 3 of 3
