[Page 1]
 
 
 
At a Glance 
 
18 September 2026, UBS House View 
 
Market performance (year-to-date) 
Equities: S&P 500 +12.5%, Euro Stoxx 50 +11.5%, MSCI EM (USD) +22.3%, MSCI CH +8.6% 
Bonds*: US IG −0.4%, EUR IG −0.8%, EMBIGD +1.8%, US HY +1.7% 
 
Global economic outlook 
– The global economy remains resilient. Broadly stable employment and households’ willingness to reduce savings rather than 
consumption should continue to support activity in developed economies, although higher oil prices are likely to weigh on 
real incomes in the near term. 
– Higher energy costs should lift headline inflation, but second-round effects such as wage-price spirals and profit-led inflation 
remain limited. Strong investment in artificial intelligence and recovering manufacturing activity should continue to support 
economic growth. 
– Central banks have adopted a more hawkish stance, but monetary policy cannot directly address an oil-supply shock. We 
expect a relatively shallow tightening cycle, with growth remaining resilient and inflation gradually moderating as supply 
pressures ease. 
 
Forecasts, by region 
  
Economic growth 
forecasts (real GDP;  
% change y/y) 
Inflation forecasts  
(CPI; % change y/y) 
Central banks: 
Overview of target 
rates (%) 
10-year yields (%) 
  
2026E 
2027E 
2026E 
2027E 
Current 
June 2027 
Current 
June 2027 
World 
3.1 
3.4 
3.7 
3.0 
US 
2.2 
2.0 
3.4 
2.3 
3.75 
4.13 
5.02 
4.50 
Eurozone 
0.8 
1.2 
2.8 
2.5 
2.50 
2.75 
3.51 
3.05 
UK 
1.1 
1.1 
3.1 
3.1 
3.75 
4.25 
5.30 
4.80 
Switzerland 
2.2 
1.2 
0.6 
0.6 
0.00 
0.25 
0.54 
0.50 
Japan 
0.8 
0.9 
1.8 
2.3 
1.25 
1.75 
3.01 
2.90 
China 
4.5 
4.6 
0.6 
0.6 
1.40 
1.30 
1.68 
1.65 
Source: UBS, Bloomberg, 18 September 2026. *Indexes: Bloomberg Intermediate Corporate (USD), Bloomberg Euro Aggregate Corporate, JPMorgan EMBI Global 
Diversified, ICE BofA US High Yield. 
 
The month’s top three questions: 
– What does the Warsh era mean for Fed policy? The Federal Reserve raised rates by 25 basis points in September, lifting 
the federal funds target range to 3.75–4.00%. Chair Kevin Warsh said the move removed a “dose of accommodation,” 
while stronger growth and persistent inflation led policymakers to project one further increase this year. We also expect 
another 25-basis-point increase in December. However, markets are pricing three further increases by the end of 2027, 
which we believe is excessive as disinflation resumes. 
– What does the US-Iran conflict mean for markets? Continued disruption to Middle Eastern energy supplies has kept oil 
prices elevated and added to inflation risks. However, the global economy and energy markets have continued to adapt 
through alternative shipping arrangements, pipeline routes, inventory use, and changes in demand. Resilient economic 
growth, strong corporate earnings, and sustained AI investment should help markets withstand higher energy costs. We 
remain constructive on global equities. 
– How can investors find income? Higher bond yields have created opportunities across regions and market segments. We 
view fixed income as Attractive and see tactical opportunities to add exposure to high-quality bonds in the medium- to long-
term maturity range, where yields provide income, potential price gains if growth slows, and portfolio diversification.  
 
 
 
 
18 September 2026, 18:22 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
This report has been prepared by   UBS AG London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the 
end of the document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
Our top investment ideas for October 
 
– Position for market upside. Resilient economic activity, broadening earnings growth, and robust AI investment support 
further equity gains, in our view. Investors should maintain diversified core equity exposure, reduce concentrated single-stock 
positions, and consider targeted exposure to transformational innovation. On a relative basis, we prefer Eurozone, Asia ex-
Japan, and emerging market equities for their more pro-cyclical exposure over the more defensive UK and Swiss markets. 
– Consider capital preservation. Capital preservation strategies can help investors retain exposure to potential equity-market 
gains while managing the risk of a drawdown. They may be particularly relevant for investors with concentrated portfolios, 
lower tolerance for losses, near-term liquidity needs, or substantial gains they wish to protect. The appropriate approach 
should reflect each investor’s objectives, investment horizon, liquidity needs, and risk tolerance. 
– Position for commodity upside. Commodities can provide a structural source of return and help protect portfolios against 
supply shocks, geopolitical risks, and inflation spillovers. Investors can consider diversified exposure across precious metals, 
energy, industrial metals, and agriculture, with an actively managed approach as market leadership shifts. Within 
commodities, we favor copper most on a relative basis, supported by investment in power grids, data centers, and 
electrification. 
– Opportunities emerging in fixed income. We view fixed income as Attractive, with opportunities across regions and 
market segments. Investors can consider high-quality bonds in the medium- to long-term maturity range, while stronger 
investment grade issuers offer attractive carry across medium maturities and emerging market bonds provide appealing yields 
and diversified return potential. We prefer relatively short-dated exposure in higher-risk credit and remain cautious on the 
longest maturities. 
 
For more details, please see the Messages in Focus and Monthly Extended publications, or contact your client advisor. 
At a Glance
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
At a Glance
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
At a Glance
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
At a Glance
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
