[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 21:33 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Bonds
CIO View: Bonds
Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
• We maintain an Attractive recommendation on the bond asset class, 
with corresponding Attractive recommendations on the high grade, 
investment grade, emerging market, and high yield subasset classes.
• The past month has been challenging for the asset class, as bond 
yields rose further to new cyclical highs. The main concerns remain 
inflation and the escalating conflict in the Middle East, which 
continues to disrupt energy markets and put upward pressure on 
prices. These factors have led central banks globally to adopt a more 
hawkish stance, pushing short-term rates higher as markets price in 
a series of rate hikes.
• Our view has shifted as a result. Previously, we expected the Federal 
Reserve to remain on hold throughout this year. However, given the 
escalating conflict and ongoing solid growth in the US economy, we 
shifted to anticipating rate hikes after the August payrolls report. The 
FOMC subsequently raised the fed funds rate by 25bps this month 
to 3.75-4%. Given near-term inflation dynamics, we anticipate a 
follow-up hike by year-end. Importantly for the asset class, market 
expectations already price in another 75bps of hikes. Our base case 
is that these hikes will not materialize, which could support capital 
gains. We also expect the high level of yields to be the primary driver 
of total returns. Higher yields provide a sizable cushion against further 
increases in rates, although losses remain possible.
• Given these developments and the fact that policymakers have 
become increasingly concerned about instability in long-term rates 
and, ultimately, their credibility, we see rate hikes as providing some 
stability at the long end. Therefore, we see tactical opportunities 
to extend duration. Medium- to long-duration, high-quality bonds 
have scope for price gains and could act as valuable diversifiers in an 
economic downturn, in our view.
• On the credit side, we recommend that exposure to higher-risk credit 
remain relatively short-dated, whereas stronger investment grade 
issuers offer attractive carry across medium tenors. Overall portfolio 
credit risk and duration should ultimately reflect investors’ objectives 
and investment time horizons.
• Despite ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty, credit markets have 
remained resilient. Developed and emerging market credit spreads 
have been stable, supported by solid fundamentals, strong demand, 
and high starting yields. Two themes remain important: elevated debt 
issuance by US hyperscalers and potential spillover risks from pockets 
of the private credit market. On the former, demand is meeting 
supply; however, spreads have widened to levels indicative of multi-
notch downgrades. Given hyperscalers’ strong balance sheets and 
operating cash flows, we view the wider spreads as reflecting heavy 
new-issue supply rather than deteriorating fundamentals. AI-related 
Global Asset Class Preference
Attractive
Source: Shutterstock
Note: This month, we have updated our 
multi-asset Asset Class Preference framework 
to bring together two useful perspectives. 
We continue to display Absolute views 
(Attractive, Neutral, Unattractive), which 
show our expected absolute direction for 
a given asset. Now, we also display relative 
preferences (Preferred, Neutral, or Least 
Preferred), to make it easier for investors 
to see which assets we like more—or less
—than the alternatives within their asset 
class, or across asset classes. For more 
information, please see the latest UBS House 
View Monthly Extended.
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that begin on 
page 6.
Page 1 of 7


[Page 2]
Bonds
disruption is affecting businesses that borrowed through private 
credit and direct lending channels. Realized losses are weighing on 
private credit sentiment and the syndicated loan market, which also 
provided funding to AI-disrupted sectors. So far, there has been no 
contagion to other credit segments, such as high yield, which have 
had limited exposure to these sectors. Gating by private credit funds 
may also have limited forced asset sales at distressed prices, reducing 
the risk of broader liquidity stress. Lastly, limited financial market 
leverage among private credit investors may have reduced the risk of 
sharp deleveraging and systemic stress.
• In summary, we do not expect tight credit spreads to be a key source 
of returns, but a stable macroeconomic backdrop, solid corporate 
fundamentals, upward-sloping curves, and ongoing demand for 
yield should continue to support public credit. We recommend 
that exposure to higher-risk credit remain relatively short-dated, 
whereas stronger investment grade issuers offer attractive carry 
across medium tenors. Overall portfolio credit risk and duration 
should ultimately reflect investors’ objectives and investment time 
horizons.
• Absolute view: Attractive, Relative preference (in comparison to other 
asset classes): Neutral.
• Benchmark bond yields rose further to reach new cyclical highs in 
September, driven by expectations of higher short-term rates. While 
there is considerable uncertainty around energy prices and how much 
policy tightening will actually be delivered, our view is that investors 
should focus on the elevated yield levels available. The higher income 
available may support positive total returns for the asset class. Given the 
recent sharp rise in yields across the curve, we tactically see opportunities 
to extend duration selectively. Medium- to long-duration, high-quality 
bonds have scope for price gains and could act as valuable diversifiers in 
the event of an economic downturn. On the credit side, we recommend 
that exposure to higher-risk credit remain relatively short-dated, whereas 
stronger investment grade issuers offer attractive carry across medium 
tenors. Both overall portfolio credit risk and duration should ultimately 
reflect investors’ objectives and investment time horizons.
• Bond market returns have been affected by a further rise in benchmark 
yields during September. This has weighed on the performance of 
fixed income segments with longer durations and greater interest-rate 
sensitivity, such as high grade. Unlike earlier in the summer, when a 
rising term premium was a notable driver, recent developments have 
been characterized more by a reassessment of the likely path of short-
term interest rates. The Fed, the latest central bank to tighten policy, 
raised the federal funds rate by 25 basis points to 3.75-4%.
• Our core thesis is that current yield levels offer an attractive combination 
of income, diversification, and medium-term return potential. While 
renewed energy price spikes stemming from events in the Middle 
East remain a key source of uncertainty, the evidence so far across 
major markets is that underlying inflation pressures appear relatively 
contained. As a result, markets are currently pricing monetary policy 
settings that are tighter than those we expect ultimately to be delivered. 
While our core preference remains for portfolios to be positioned in 
short- to medium-term maturities, tactical investors should be on the 
lookout for opportunities to extend duration selectively in high-quality 
Page 2 of 7


[Page 3]
Bonds
government debt. We have been more cautious on longer maturities 
given concerns about government debt dynamics, policy uncertainty, 
and bond supply. Yet these concerns appear to be increasingly reflected 
in long-dated yields, which have now reached multi-decade highs across 
most major currencies. Additionally, central banks are demonstrating 
vigilance toward inflation risks amid challenges to their credibility. Such 
vigilance should ultimately help stabilize the long end of yield curves.
• In the US, 10-year US Treasury yields rose to 5.04% in September, 
their highest level since the Global Financial Crisis, weighing on returns. 
Fed Chair Warsh’s more hawkish remarks at Jackson Hole, alongside 
higher-than-expected August inflation data, cemented expectations for 
a 25bps rate hike in September, which has since been delivered. The 
recent sell-off has been amplified by policy uncertainty as the market 
has adjusted to the new Fed chair’s communication strategy. Our 
view has been that this will become clearer over time, and we see 
September’s decision and press conference as further steps toward 
a more conventional policy approach, which should ultimately help 
stabilize the term premium.
• In Europe, bond yields have also reached new cyclical highs, with 10-
year German Bund yield notably reaching 3.5% in September. Cheaper 
valuations bolster the case for extending duration selectively in high-
quality government bonds. Yet, for now, longer-dated European bonds 
appear to be struggling to differentiate themselves from US equivalents 
despite different macroeconomic and fiscal starting points. Energy prices 
remain a key sensitivity for European rates and the European Central 
Bank (ECB), given its sole inflation mandate. Natural gas futures prices 
have risen further and now exceed EUR 80/MWh. Accordingly, the ECB 
raised the deposit rate by 25bps in September, for the second time in 
this cycle, to 2.5%, with President Lagarde referring to the decision as 
a “no-brainer.” Nevertheless, market pricing for an additional 75bps of 
tightening seems excessive in our view, as this would, according to the 
ECB, put rates well into restrictive territory and challenge the current 
cyclical optimism about the Eurozone economy.
• Yields remain low in Switzerland, while the fundamental and policy 
backdrop remains broadly bond-friendly. Inflation has risen from earlier 
lows but remains modest relative to most developed markets, with little 
evidence of domestic price pressures. While market pricing has shifted 
away from expectations of further easing, we do not expect the Swiss 
National Bank to be in a hurry to raise its policy rate, likely keeping 
money market rates near zero for the foreseeable future.
• In the UK, yields also moved higher over the month, and volatility picked 
up. Risks have shifted from cuts to hikes for the Bank of England, given 
elevated energy prices. To us, the expectation of 100bps of hikes priced 
into the curve looks unlikely to be realized, given ongoing labor-market 
softness and the Monetary Policy Committee’s (MPC) view that the 
current 3.75% Bank Rate is restrictive. We continue to see the best risk-
reward in short- to medium-term GBP bonds. A sustained rally farther 
out the curve would likely require reduced political uncertainty alongside 
a credible commitment to maintaining fiscal consolidation under the 
new Labour leadership. Investor uncertainty is likely to persist on this 
front until at least 28 October, when the next budget is revealed.
• Credit spreads in developed and emerging markets have remained 
stable, supported by solid fundamentals, strong demand, and high 
starting yields. Two themes remain important: elevated debt issuance 
by US hyperscalers and potential spillover risks from pockets of the 
Page 3 of 7


[Page 4]
Bonds
private credit market. On the former, supply is being met with 
demand; however, spreads have widened to levels indicative of multi-
notch downgrades. Given the hyperscalers’ strong balance sheets and 
operating cash flows, we view the widening in spreads as more reflective 
of heavy new-issue supply than deteriorating fundamentals. AI-related 
disruption is affecting businesses that borrowed through private credit 
and direct-lending channels. Realized losses are weighing on private 
credit sentiment and the syndicated loan market, which also funded AI-
disrupted sectors. So far, we have seen no evidence of contagion into 
other credit segments, such as high yield, which had limited exposure 
to these sectors. The much-publicized gating of private credit funds has 
also prevented forced asset sales at distressed prices, reducing the risk 
of broader liquidity stress. Finally, financial market leverage provided to 
private credit investors was minimal, which may have reduced the risk 
of sharp deleveraging and systemic risk.
• In summary, we do not expect tight credit spreads to be a key source 
of returns, but a stable macroeconomic backdrop, solid corporate 
fundamentals, upward-sloping yield curves, and ongoing demand for 
yield should continue to support public credit. We recommend that 
exposure to higher-risk credit remain relatively short-dated, whereas 
stronger investment grade issuers offer attractive carry across medium 
tenors. Both overall portfolio credit risk and duration should ultimately 
reflect investors’ objectives and investment time horizons.
High grade bonds
We have an Attractive rating on high grade bonds. Bond performance has 
been modest of late as concerns around elevated inflation and bond supply 
have pushed up longer-dated yields. In the near term, we see potential for 
upside as monetary policy rate paths look overly hawkish. Longer term, 
the high frequency of supply shocks remains a challenge for bonds. Yet, 
we continue to find the elevated yields in high-quality bonds appealing 
on both an outright basis and relative to cash, in a world of heightened 
geopolitical risks and lofty risky asset class valuations.
Investment grade bonds
We hold an Attractive view on investment grade bonds. We find the 
outright level of yields appealing (5.1% in USD and 3.7% in EUR) and 
believe investors with excess cash holdings should look to add short- to 
medium-duration investment grade bonds for appealing income prospects. 
Investor demand for high-quality credit should remain strong in light of 
elevated yield levels and solid investment grade corporate fundamentals.
High yield bonds
We maintain high yield bonds at Attractive. US and EUR HY yields have 
increased to close to 7.5% and 5.9%, respectively, driven by a repricing 
higher of central bank policy rate expectations following the start of the 
US-Iran war. Despite the rise in geopolitical and policy uncertainty this 
year, credit spreads have remained in a relatively tight range. We believe 
this reflects a backdrop of resilient growth, healthy HY balance sheets in 
aggregate and low default prospects, in addition to supportive technicals. 
Total returns are likely to be in the high-single-digit range over the next 12 
months, supported by elevated yields and low default activity. Given our 
view that the market is likely overestimating the path for policy rates, we 
see price upside from lower rates.
Page 4 of 7


[Page 5]
Bonds
Emerging market bonds
Emerging market US dollar debt performance remains strong, with 
sovereign and corporate bonds outperforming their developed market 
counterparts despite ongoing geopolitical and market volatility. EM bonds 
have shown resilience amid geopolitical stress, reinforcing their role as a key 
diversifier as developed markets face fiscal challenges. We believe elevated 
yields and supportive fundamentals underpin a positive outlook for EM 
debt, which we rate as Attractive, and expect it to continue outperforming 
cash.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help 
investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Page 5 of 7


[Page 6]
Bonds
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the 
collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total 
returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. 
Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views 
due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/
or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made 
as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any 
forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change 
without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions 
of UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in 
the preparation of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine 
the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure 
the performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or 
performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving 
this document and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this 
document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or 
employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry 
out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other 
services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any 
company commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to 
buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in 
UBS research publications. Some investments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and 
therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies 
on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, 
units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial 
risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for 
its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some investments may be subject 
to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be required to 
pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. 
Page 6 of 7


[Page 7]
Bonds
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and 
other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating 
systems of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, 
investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts 
(for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and 
valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to 
each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access 
to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization 
that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both 
in general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account 
the particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that 
you take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned 
herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in 
writing UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no 
liability whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. 
This report is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on 
the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, 
and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the 
relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports 
on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the 
UBS Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime 
or naming conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG 
analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be 
consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable 
investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability 
issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an 
External Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External 
Asset Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this 
report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 7 of 7
