[Page 1]
18 September 2026, 04:38 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
How to position in fixed income as Fed hikes 
rates
UBS House View - Daily EMEA
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Thomas Wacker, CFA, Head CIO Credit, UBS Switzerland AG
Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Dean Turner, Economist, UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Kazumasa Ishii, Strategist, UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd.
Teck Leng Tan, CFA, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
From the studio
Podcast: Europe’s political pendulum swings wider,
onAppleandSpotify(26 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why higher rates alone don't mean lower 
equities(6 mins)
Video:UBS Explains | What is happening in the US bond market? (5 
mins)
Thought of the day
The Federal Reserve delivered a hawkish 25-basis-point rate hike this week, 
lifting the fed funds target range to 3.75-4%. Fed Chair Kevin Warsh 
described the move as removing “a dose of accommodation,” adding that 
broad financial conditions could not be characterized as restrictive.
The latest Summary of Economic Projections showed that policymakers 
now expect stickier inflation and stronger growth than they did previously. 
The “dot plot” put the median policy rate projection at 4.1% for 2026, 
suggesting another hike this year, while eight participants projected a third 
hike in 2027.
The hawkish tone from Warsh, together with broad support among 
policymakers for two or more rate increases, prompted investors to price in 
three further hikes by the end of 2027.
We maintain our expectation for another hike in December, and view current 
market pricing as excessive, although we acknowledge that risks are skewed 
to the upside. The median policy rate projection suggests a hold throughout 
2027, and we expect steady disinflation over the next six months. Favorable 
base effects in the first half of next year should also weaken the case for a 
long sequence of hikes.
Against this backdrop, we discuss how investors should position in fixed 
income.
 
What to watch: 18 September
• UK August retail sales
• ECB President Lagarde speech
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS 
SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd.. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the 
document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Daily EMEA
Bonds continue to play an important role in portfolios. We maintain an 
Attractive view on fixed income. Higher starting yields reinforce bonds’ role 
as a key source of portfolio income, while high-quality bonds can provide 
valuable diversification if economic growth slows. We see select opportunities 
across regions and market segments, and believe investors should calibrate 
both credit risk and duration to their objectives and investment horizons.
Consider adding duration selectively in high-quality bonds. More 
income-focused investors may prefer shorter-maturity bonds to reduce 
duration risk, but the recent sharp rise in yields has created tactical 
opportunities in medium- to long-duration high-quality bonds. Alongside 
attractive income, these securities have scope for price gains if tighter 
monetary policy slows growth or reduces longer-term inflation expectations, 
leading yields to decline. In credit, we believe stronger investment grade 
issuers offer attractive carry across medium tenors. For higher-risk credit (such 
as high yield and emerging market bonds), we prefer short-dated exposure.
Avoid the longest maturities. We remain cautious on the longest-dated 
bonds despite compelling valuations over a lack of catalysts for a sharp drop 
in long-end yields. Fiscal sustainability concerns, growing AI-related debt 
issuance, and a shift toward more price-sensitive buyers could keep term 
premiums elevated, in our view.
So, we think a measured approach that balances income, diversification, and 
sensitivity to interest rates can help investors strengthen their portfolios as 
they navigate further tightening ahead. For those in lower-rate jurisdictions 
(such as Switzerland), retaining diversified income strategies remains 
important.
Caught our attention
Bank of England signals rate hikes. The Bank of England (BoE) kept 
interest rates at 3.75% on Thursday, as expected, but signaled greater 
willingness to tighten policy before inflation pressures become entrenched. 
The Monetary Policy Committee voted 6-3 to hold, with Megan Greene, 
Catherine Mann, and Huw Pill supporting an immediate 25-basis-point 
increase. UK inflation rose to 3.1% in August, while stronger growth and 
fewer signs of further labor-market loosening have reduced policymakers’ 
confidence that economic slack will contain price pressures. The BoE said the 
risk that elevated energy costs feed into domestic inflation had increased, 
even though there was still limited direct evidence of second-round effects. 
“The longer this volatility persists, the bigger the impact it will have on 
inflation, and the more likely it is we will need to raise Bank Rate to ensure 
that inflation falls back to our 2% target,” Governor Andrew Bailey said.
Our view: The materially more hawkish message suggests the bar for 
tightening has fallen. We now expect the Bank of England to raise rates by 
25 basis points in November and again in February 2027, before energy-
driven inflation pressures begin to subside. However, we still expect a shorter 
tightening cycle than markets currently anticipate. Policy decisions from the 
Swiss National Bank, the Riksbank, and Norges Bank next week should offer 
further evidence of how policymakers in other economies are responding to 
higher energy costs. We expect the SNB to remain on hold. Sterling should 
remain well-supported by resilient UK activity and its yield advantage over 
most European currencies. In fixed income, we favor short- to medium-
maturity UK high-grade bonds, while the recent increase in yields should 
allow gilts to deliver attractive total returns relative to cash.
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Daily EMEA
Bank of Japan raises rates. The Bank of Japan has raised its policy rate 
by 25 basis points to 1.25%, as widely expected. In a 7-2 vote on Friday, 
the rate hike followed a similar move in June. The central bank said it 
expects the Japanese economy to continue growing amid robust global AI 
demand despite the ongoing war in the Middle East. The decision also 
came after the release of August’s consumer price index, with core inflation 
easing to 1.7% year over year, from July’s 1.8%. However, our estimate of 
underlying inflation, which excludes policy effects, strengthened to 2.1%, 
above the BoJ’s 2% target for the first time since June 2024. The Japanese 
yen weakened slightly after the rate decision, with USDJPY trading at around 
157 at the time of writing.
Our view: We expect Japan’s underlying inflation to rise further in the coming 
months, underpinning our view that the next BoJ hike will be in January. 
However, we acknowledge the increasing possibility of an earlier interest rate 
increase in December, particularly if tightening expectations from the Fed and 
the European Central Bank intensify and lead to a weakening of the yen. We 
forecast USDJPY will trade around 155-160 in the months ahead, with the 
currency pair highly susceptible to shifting interest rate expectations.
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Daily EMEA
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Daily EMEA
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
