[Page 1]
18 September 2026, 09:00 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
The case for investing amid rising rates
UBS House View - Daily US
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Vincent Heaney, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Kazumasa Ishii, Strategist, UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd.
Teck Leng Tan, CFA, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Prefer to listen? The UBS House View Daily is now available in audio across 
multiple platforms. Today’s edition will be available shortly. Listen on UBS,
Spotify, or Apple Podcasts.
From the studio
Podcast: Europe’s political pendulum swings wider, on Apple and
Spotify (26 mins)
Video: Market Playbook | Why higher rates alone don't mean lower 
equities (6 mins)
Video: UBS Explains | What is happening in the US bond market? (5 
mins)
Thought of the day
Market sentiment recovered on Thursday as oil prices fell for a second day. 
The 10-year Treasury yield fell 6 basis points to 4.94%, while the S&P 500 
advanced 1.1%. The equity benchmark now stands at just 2% below the 
all-time high it reached in August.
Brent crude oil remains above USD 100 per barrel, and the war in the 
Middle East is in its seventh month. With equities near all-time highs and 
concerns over the sustainability of AI-related investment persisting, a fresh 
round of central bank tightening and higher interest rates could lead 
investors to question the case for staying invested. After all, cash feels safe, 
and market volatility can be unsettling.
But while waiting for certainty may feel comfortable, doing so could pose 
the greater risk to long-term financial goals.
Cash may not meet long-term return needs. By definition, a portfolio 
needs to earn a return equal to inflation to maintain its purchasing power. 
If it must also fund withdrawals, taxes, or a longer-than-expected lifetime, a 
meaningful positive real return is likely required. In our view, cash is unlikely 
to meet that hurdle over the long term. Even today's high cash yields are 
partly offset by inflation and, in many jurisdictions, taxation. We also do not 
expect the current unusually high real cash rates to persist indefinitely. We 
estimate the long-run pretax real return on cash at just 0.7%. To overcome 
the combined challenge of inflation, taxes, longevity, and withdrawals, 
investors need a higher long-term return than cash is likely to provide.
 
What to watch: 21 September
• China September loan prime rate
• Chicago Fed President Austan Goolsbee 
speaks
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG London Branch,
UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd.. Please see important disclaimers and 
disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Daily US
Higher rates need not end the equity rally. With the global economy 
on a solid footing, we think modest further central bank tightening should 
remain manageable for equity markets. Historically, rate hikes become a 
greater concern for market performance when economic growth starts 
to falter. But the relatively limited tightening we expect ahead should not 
impact economic growth much. We also believe AI-related capex remains 
a powerful tailwind for earnings growth, with the benefits broadening 
across sectors and geographies. In addition, improving earnings means that 
elevated valuations can become more reasonable over time. For example, 
despite the strong performance in semiconductors this year, the sector’s 
valuations are now below their average since ChatGPT’s launch in late 
2022. Meanwhile, we note that an “all-time high” is neither rare nor a 
reliable warning signal historically—over the last 100 years, the S&P 500 
has traded either at or within 10% of an all-time high for more than two-
thirds of the time.
Geopolitical risks rarely alter the long-term case for investing.
With no immediate resolution in sight, the current conflict in the Middle 
East could still escalate, and the energy supply crunch could worsen. But 
investors should also remember that geopolitical situations can change 
quickly—as we have seen many times this year. A ceasefire, a reopening of 
disrupted energy flows, increased production elsewhere, or a diplomatic 
agreement could all ease pressure on oil markets much faster than is 
currently assumed. History suggests that geopolitical shocks are rarely a 
sufficient reason to stop investing. For diversified portfolios, the long-term 
cost of remaining uninvested has often proved greater than the temporary 
cost of living through a geopolitical drawdown.
So, given the imperative to invest and our view that the balance of 
evidence favors staying invested, we recommend retaining enough liquidity 
for near-term needs while putting excess cash to work. Investors should 
position for further equity gains through a diversified core allocation and 
targeted exposure to transformational innovation opportunities, in our 
view. We also rate fixed income as Attractive, with opportunities across 
regions and market segments, and think broad commodity exposure can 
strengthen portfolio resilience.
For more on these themes please read our House View Monthly published 
on 17 September "War, Warsh, and what to do now."
Caught our attention
Bank of England signals rate hikes. The Bank of England (BoE) kept 
interest rates at 3.75% on Thursday, as expected, but signaled greater 
willingness to tighten policy before inflation pressures become entrenched. 
The Monetary Policy Committee voted 6-3 to hold, with Megan Greene, 
Catherine Mann, and Huw Pill supporting an immediate 25-basis-point 
increase. UK inflation rose to 3.1% in August, while stronger growth and 
fewer signs of further labor-market loosening have reduced policymakers’ 
confidence that economic slack will contain price pressures. The BoE 
said the risk that elevated energy costs feed into domestic inflation had 
increased, even though there was still limited direct evidence of second-
round effects. “The longer this volatility persists, the bigger the impact 
it will have on inflation, and the more likely it is we will need to raise 
Bank Rate to ensure that inflation falls back to our 2% target,” Governor 
Andrew Bailey said.
Our view: The materially more hawkish message suggests the bar for 
tightening has fallen. We now expect the Bank of England to raise rates by 
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Daily US
25 basis points in November and again in February 2027, before energy-
driven inflation pressures begin to subside. However, we still expect a 
shorter tightening cycle than markets currently anticipate. Policy decisions 
from the Swiss National Bank, the Riksbank, and Norges Bank next week 
should offer further evidence of how policymakers in other economies are 
responding to higher energy costs. We expect the SNB to remain on hold. 
Sterling should remain well supported by resilient UK activity and its yield 
advantage over most European currencies. In fixed income, we favor short- 
to medium-maturity UK high grade bonds.
Bank of Japan raises rates. The Bank of Japan raised its interest rate by 
25 basis points to 1.25%, as widely expected. In a 7-2 vote on Friday, the 
rate hike followed a similar move in June and took the country's policy 
rate to its highest since 1995. In the post-meeting press conference, BoJ 
Governor Ueda said he wants to avoid a situation where policymakers 
rapidly find themselves behind the curve, and said he will move pre-
emptively to avoid inflation going well above the bank’s goal. While 
striking a hawkish note, he added that he does not have a specific pace 
of hikes in mind. The Japanese yen weakened in response to the two 
dissenting votes, with the USDJPY trading at 157.2 at the time of writing. 
Earlier in the day, Japan's consumer price index in August showed core 
inflation easing to 1.7% year over year, from July’s 1.8%. However, 
our estimate of underlying inflation, which excludes policy effects, 
strengthened to 2.1%, above the BoJ’s 2% target for the first time since 
June 2024.
Our view: We expect Japan’s underlying inflation to rise further in the 
coming months, underpinning our view that the next BoJ hike will likely 
be in January. However, we acknowledge the increasing possibility of 
an earlier interest rate increase in December, particularly if tightening 
expectations from the Fed and the European Central Bank intensify and 
lead to a weakening of the yen. We forecast USDJPY will trade around 
155-160 in the months ahead, with the currency pair highly susceptible to 
shifting interest rate expectations.
Chinese yuan strongest since 2023. The Chinese yuan has appreciated 
to its strongest level against the US dollar in nearly four years, with the 
USDCNY trading below 6.70 for the first time since January 2023. This 
came as the People’s Bank of China set a firmer daily fixing for the eighth 
consecutive session on Friday, the longest such streak since 2023. The 
currency move also comes ahead of the planned meeting between US 
President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping next week, where 
trade relations and AI rivalry are of key focus.
Our view: Beijing’s tolerance for continued CNY strength remains an 
important factor to monitor, but we continue to favor the Chinese yuan 
among Asian currencies against the backdrop of a well-supported US dollar. 
Export-driven FX inflows have supported the yuan despite weak domestic 
growth conditions, as Chinese exporters continue to convert proceeds 
into their local currency rapidly. In August, China’s exports grew 25% year 
over year, widening the country’s trade surplus further to USD 119bn. We 
expect the USDCNY to decline toward 6.60 by year-end.
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Daily US
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Daily US
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Daily US
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Daily US
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
