[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 22:15 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
High grade
CIO View: High grade
Tom Nash, Strategist, UBS AG
Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
• We have an Attractive rating on high grade bonds.
• Bond yields have moved higher again across the curve alongside 
higher energy prices and more hawkish central bank expectations
• Investors should focus on the elevated yields levels on offer, which 
should ensure positive total returns going forward.
• High grade bonds (rated AA- or better) offer low default risk 
and therefore present an appealing risk-return profile, in our view, 
particularly in a world of heightened geopolitical risks and expensive 
risky asset class valuations.
• Our core preference remains for short-to-medium maturities, yet 
the rise in long-dated government yields presents an opportunity to 
selectively extend duration for more tactically minded investors or 
those looking for portfolio diversification.
• Absolute view: Attractive; Relative preference (in comparison to other 
fixed income segments): Least Preferred
Bond market returns have been impacted by a further rise in benchmark 
yields during September. This has weighed on the performance of fixed 
income segments with longer durations and interest rate sensitivity such as 
High Grade (HG). Unlike earlier in the year, where rising term premium was 
a notable driver, recent developments have been characterized more by a 
reassessment of the likely path of short-term interest rates as the Federal 
Reserve has become the latest central bank to deliver policy tightening.
Our core thesis is that current yield levels offer an attractive combination of 
income, diversification, and medium-term return potential. While renewed 
energy price spikes, stemming from events in the Middle East remain a 
key source of uncertainty, so far the evidence across the major markets is 
that underlying inflation pressures appear relatively contained. As a result, 
markets are currently pricing monetary policy settings that are tighter than 
those we expect to ultimately be delivered. While our core preference 
remains for portfolios to be positioned in short-to-medium maturities, 
tactical investors should be on the lookout for opportunities to selectively 
extend duration in high-quality government debt. We have been more 
cautious on longer maturities given considerations around government 
debt dynamics, policy uncertainty and bond supply. Yet these concerns 
appear to be increasingly reflected in long-dated yields that have now 
reached multi-decade highs across most major currencies.
Global Asset Class Preference
Attractive
10-year US Treasury yield
CIO Forecast
Positive long term trend
  US 10y
 
 
16 Sep 26
  4.96
 
 
Dec 26
  4.60
 
 
Sep 27
  4.50
 
 
Refinitiv, UBS
Note: This month, we have updated our 
multi-asset asset class preference framework 
to bring together two useful perspectives. 
We continue to display absolute views 
(Attractive, Neutral, Unattractive), which 
show our expected absolute direction for 
a given asset. Now, we also display relative 
preferences (Preferred, Neutral, or Least 
Preferred) to make it easier for investors to 
see which assets we like more—or less—
than the alternatives within their asset class 
or across asset classes. For more information, 
please see the latest UBS House View 
Monthly Extended.
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that begin on 
page 4.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
High grade
USD
10-year Treasury yields moved to a 5.04% in September, their highest level 
since the Global Financial Crisis, weighing on US HG returns. Chair Warsh's 
more hawkish performance at Jackson Hole alongside modestly higher-
than-expected August inflation data cemented expectations for a 25bps 
rate hike in September that has been duly delivered. The recent sell-off has 
been amplified by policy uncertainty as the market has had to get used 
to the new Fed chair's communication strategy. Our view has been that 
this will get ironed out over time, and we see September's decision and 
press conference as a further step toward policy orthodoxy which should 
ultimately help stabilize term premium.
Our core view remains that the 2- to 5- year segment of the Treasury 
curve offers the best risk-reward given an additional 75bps of tightening is 
already priced in, which would take the Fed beyond "re-calibration hikes". 
The conditions for a significant rally in longer-dated bonds—namely, fiscal 
consolidation or a material growth slowdown—do not appear imminent. In 
the near-term, this means that any reversal in long bond yields is more likely 
to be triggered by a reversal in bearish positioning. On a more medium-
term perspective, we see the appeal of USD high grade bonds coming from 
both the 5%+ income on offer and the portfolio diversification attributes. 
On the latter, it is worth considering that US economic activity remains 
narrowly centered around AI infrastructure investment and the associated 
rise in equity prices. While not our base case, we would expect bonds to 
perform strongly if there were signs that AI-related capex were to slow 
down.
EUR and CHF
Benchmark bond yields have also made new cyclical highs in Europe with 
10-year German bunds notably reaching 3.5% in September. Cheaper 
valuations bolster the case for selectively extending duration into high 
quality government bonds. Yet for now, it seems that longer-dated 
European bonds are struggling to differentiate themselves from US 
equivalents despite different macro and fiscal starting points. Energy 
prices remain a key sensitivity for European rates, particularly given the 
ECB’s focus on inflation. Natural-gas futures have risen further and now 
exceed EUR 80/MWh. Accordingly, the ECB raised rates by 25 basis points 
in September—the second hike of this cycle—taking the deposit rate 
to 2.5%. President Lagarde described the decision as a “no-brainer”. 
Nevertheless, market pricing for an additional 75bps of tightening seems 
excessive in our view since this would, by the ECB's own admission, 
put rates well into restrictive territory and challenge the current cyclical 
optimism on the eurozone economy.
In Switzerland, yields remain low, while the fundamental and policy 
backdrop remains broadly bond friendly. Inflation has risen from earlier 
lows but remains modest relative to most developed markets, with little 
evidence of domestic price pressures. While market pricing has shifted 
away from expectations of further easing, we do not expect the SNB to be 
in a hurry to raise its policy rate, likely keeping money-market rates near 
zero for the foreseeable future.
GBP
UK HG bond markets have also had to contend with volatility and higher 
benchmark yields in September as investors reassess the likely path of 
domestic monetary policy. Clearly the near-term risks have flipped from 
rate cuts to hikes for the Bank of England so long as energy prices remain 
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
High grade
at elevated levels. Nevertheless, current yield levels already compensate 
for this, with a total of 100bps of tightening priced in. To us this looks 
unlikely to be realized given the ongoing softness of the labor market 
and that the MPC already considers the current 3.75% bank rate to be 
restrictive. We continue to see the best risk-reward in short-to-medium 
maturity GBP HG bonds on this basis. To see a sustained rally further out 
the curve would likely require reduced political uncertainty, alongside a 
credible commitment to maintain a path of fiscal consolidation under the 
new Labour leadership. Investor uncertainty is likely to persist on this front 
until at least 28 October when the next budget is revealed.
Upside scenario
In the upside scenario for high grade bonds, global growth slows sharply 
over the next 12 months owing to tightening financial conditions or a 
slowdown in AI-related capex. GDP contracts for at least two consecutive 
quarters in both the US and the Eurozone. The Fed would be forced to 
pivot swiftly away from tightening, eventually lowering its policy rate by at 
least 100bps over the next 12 months, causing bond yields to fall.
Downside scenario
In the downside scenario for high grade bonds, energy price increases 
trigger second-round impacts on goods and services inflation while 
ongoing capex and an improvement in labor markets means activity 
remains resilient. Major central banks embark on a tightening cycle that 
goes beyond a re-calibration of interest rates.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help 
investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset 
class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
High grade
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the 
collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total 
returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. 
Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views 
due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/
or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made 
as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any 
forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change 
without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions 
of UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in 
the preparation of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine 
the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure 
the performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or 
performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving 
this document and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this 
document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or 
employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry 
out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other 
services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any 
company commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to 
buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in 
UBS research publications. Some investments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and 
therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies 
on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, 
units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial 
risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for 
its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some investments may be subject 
to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be required to 
pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
High grade
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and 
other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating 
systems of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, 
investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts 
(for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and 
valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to 
each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access 
to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization 
that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both 
in general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account 
the particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that 
you take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned 
herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in 
writing UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no 
liability whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. 
This report is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on 
the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, 
and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the 
relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports 
on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the 
UBS Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime 
or naming conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG 
analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be 
consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable 
investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability 
issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an 
External Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External 
Asset Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this 
report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
