[Page 1]
18 September 2026, 08:05 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Global listed
CIO View: Listed real estate
Thomas Veraguth, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
• We favor companies that pursue growth, engage in acquisitions 
through accretive issuance, and demonstrate strong pricing power, 
profitable pipelines, attractive yield gaps, and robust cash flows. 
We remain selective toward companies still trading at a discount to 
net asset value (NAV), as they may be value traps unless they can 
successfully grow their businesses.
• Nevertheless, we expect overall real estate values to continue 
appreciating over the medium term, with further rental growth 
anticipated unless interest costs rise more significantly. Increasing 
transaction volumes in direct commercial real estate are supportive, 
and recent data point to a sustained recovery in activity. Earnings 
yields relative to equities remain attractive, in our view.
• Given a mixed and volatile economic backdrop, we continue 
to see widening and shifting relative returns across markets. 
We currently favor the relatively inexpensive UK market, as 
interest rates have already increased significantly. Continental 
Europe remains our preferred European exposure, where short-
term inflation uncertainty should diminish. However, changing 
expectations regarding significantly higher energy prices continue to 
create uncertainty. In Asia, we prefer developers over REITs, as the 
latter exhibit weak momentum in a rising interest rate environment. 
We maintain our preference for US REITs despite their recent volatility, 
as solid fundamentals remain supportive. In Australia, a peak in 
interest rates and lower financing cost pressures have improved 
prospects, although uncertainty remains high. We remain cautious 
on Japanese REITs due to volatile bond market conditions.
Market review
At the beginning of 2025, listed real estate outperformed equities, 
supported by its defensive characteristics, expectations of central bank 
rate cuts, and robust market fundamentals. However, volatility returned 
as long-term US bond prices underwent a technical correction. The 
outlook has since improved, with concerns about the US economy easing 
despite ongoing geopolitical tensions. Yet, 2026 appears to be repeating 
the now-familiar pattern of listed real estate underperforming while 
the broader technology sector continues to attract capital. However, 
transaction volumes in physical real estate are improving rapidly. In 2025, 
global direct real estate transaction volumes rose by approximately 15% 
year over year, and we expect even stronger growth in 2026, as stagflation 
risks appear to be diminishing. Transaction volumes in the first half of the 
year have been encouraging. Trade uncertainty and corporate indecision 
appear to have receded, and tariffs are no longer a significant headwind for 
industrial real estate, particularly given the data center boom. We expect 
real estate stocks to perform relatively well as a store of value as soon 
FTSE EPRA/Nareit Developed Index
  Forecasts
 
 
16 Sep 26
  6,889
 
 
Dec 26
  8,000
 
 
Mar 27
  8,600
 
 
Jun 27
  8,800
 
 
Sep 27
  9,000
 
 
Source: MSCI, Bloomberg, UBS
Preferences
Relative to our global benchmark, FTSE EPRA/
Nareit Developed Total Return Index in local 
currencies.
Attractive
• Continental Europe
• Hong Kong Developers
• Japanese Developers
• Singapore Developers
• UK
• US
Unattractive
• Australia
• Hong Kong REITs
• Japanese REITs
• Singapore REITs
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that begin on 
page 6.
Page 1 of 7


[Page 2]
Listed real estate
as expectations of a peak in inflation materialize. Current valuations, as 
measured by earnings yields, remain attractive, in our view, and real estate 
has recently outperformed global equities.
A steeper US yield curve is not necessarily negative; its implications depend 
on the reason for the steepening, whether it reflects expectations of a 
stronger economy or tighter liquidity conditions. The previous inversion of 
the yield curve was a key factor in the sector's underperformance relative to 
global equities, as it increased opportunity costs and prompted investors to 
exit the asset class. With relatively stable refinancing conditions and more 
conservative leverage levels, we continue to expect improving transaction 
volumes to support real estate values this year and next despite the recent 
increase in yields.
We believe investors may be underestimating the extent of supply 
constraints across real estate markets, although exceptions remain in 
the US Sun Belt residential segment, the US West Coast office market, 
and the Hong Kong office market, even if conditions in these segments 
are improving. Corporate indecision no longer significantly weigh on 
investment activity. However, even if office take-up has improved recently, it 
remains below historical levels. Nevertheless, rental income growth across 
sectors is helping to offset slightly higher average financing costs.
Our expectations
Earnings growth has been soft relative to long-term averages due to 
higher financing costs, but we expect improvements ahead. A trend toward 
lower discounts or higher premiums to NAV should support stock price 
performance in the coming quarters, but the current higher yields on 
government bonds increase the opportunity costs and slow the repricing. 
Global listed real estate currently trades at a discount to NAV of about 8% 
(as of 14 September 2026). Among subsectors, health care, lodging, retail, 
and self storage are outperforming, while residential and office are lagging. 
We expect listed real estate earnings per share to grow by 11% in 2026 
and 7.7% in 2027 (excluding emerging markets), driven mainly by rental 
indexation, reversion, and select portfolio transactions or acquisitions. 
Some private funds still have capital to deploy, while others are returning 
capital to limited partners. Open-ended funds facing redemptions are likely 
to sell properties as direct market valuations improve. Most companies 
should be able to keep financing costs reasonably stable or offset modest 
increases with rising rental income, while a minority of them will likely 
continue to dispose of assets. Average debt maturities exceed five years 
in most markets, allowing companies to marginally reduce duration risk 
through shorter-term refinancing.
The sector’s current global average dividend yield is 3.4%, slightly below 
its seven-year average of 3.6% (excluding emerging markets), and REITs 
trade at a 1% premium to NAV based on our estimates (as of 14 September 
2026). The overall upside to our single-stock price targets is approximately 
16% (excluding dividends) over the next 12 months, compared to a long-
term average total return of 7.5%. We are more optimistic at the index 
level, expecting a rerating over the medium term, but currently delayed 
because of the high volatility of yields. The current 12-month forward price-
to-earnings ratio is slightly above its long-term average of 14-15x.
Global listed real estate versus equities
Index: 12 January 2005 = 100; total return in USD
Source: FTSE EPRA NAREIT, Bloomberg, UBS as of 15 
September 2026
Performance by market
2026 versus 2025, total return in local currency, in %
Source: FTSE EPRA NAREIT, Bloomberg, UBS as of 15 
September 2026
Historical performance by sector (1)
Index: 1 January 2016 = 100, total return in USD
Source: FTSE EPRA NAREIT, Bloomberg, UBS as of 15 
September 2026
Performance by sector (2)
2026 versus 2025, total return in local currency, in %
Source: FTSE EPRA NAREIT, Bloomberg, UBS as of 15 
September 2026
Page 2 of 7


[Page 3]
Listed real estate
Upside scenario
FTSE EPRA/Nareit Developed Index June 2027 target: 9,100
Like-for-like rental income growth continues with inflation indexation and 
rental reversion. Company-specific metrics around leverage and balance 
sheet strength are important elements for performance, but more active 
portfolio management and asset base growth are key drivers. Take-up 
demand absorbs constrained new supply, with vacancy rates receding 
across sectors. Companies grow through acquisitions, while more equity 
issues and share buybacks are successful.
Discounted companies manage to deleverage amid higher liquidity 
in the direct transaction market. Stocks that have traded below their 
long-term average discount to NAV can stabilize their cost of capital, even 
with persistently high interest rates at the long end of the interest rate 
curve. At the same time, investors continue to have exposure to growth 
companies that deliver increasing payouts along with rising income.
Debt markets stay stable and investors continue to buy real 
estate debt. Well-leveraged and high-quality companies enjoy attractive 
refinancing conditions that help improve strategic positioning, with 
external growth amid acquisition strategies. Valuation divergences 
between high- and low-levered companies remain unchanged. All sectors 
enjoy good access to external financing, including offices.
Downside scenario
FTSE EPRA/Nareit Developed Index June 2027 target: 8,500
Capitalization rates, influenced by high bond yields amid elevated risk 
premiums, along with diminishing rental growth rates, prevent the value 
of physical assets within the underlying portfolios from increasing. Weak 
rental reversions, significant incentives for tenant renewals, and stagnating 
occupancy rates dampen income growth amid economic uncertainties.
No significant capital valuation gains for properties and high 
duration risk. A rerating across sectors does not fully materialize because 
risk spreads remain high, as rental yields fail to compress and to support 
values. Some low-yielding underlying properties still show relatively high 
duration risk despite monetary policy having been normalized.
Ongoing dislocation and asymmetric cap-rates development. The 
2020 submarket dislocation that was detrimental for retail and office 
properties and favorable to logistics—the largest since the global financial 
crisis in terms of yield and capital value growth rates divergences—fails 
to fully revert, especially with regard to secondary offices. The equity 
universe remains divided between companies with weak fundamentals and 
overvalued quality and growth companies, which reduces the upside.
Listed real estate versus global equities
Index: 01.01.XX = 100
Source: FTSE EPRA NAREIT, Bloomberg, UBS as of 15 
September 2026
Premium and discount to net asset 
value (NAV)
Global listed real estate versus own history, in %
Source: UBS, as of 15 September 2026
Page 3 of 7


[Page 4]
Listed real estate
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment 
decisions. The preferences reflect the collective judgment of the members 
of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected 
total returns on liquid, commonly known stock indexes, House View 
scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that 
the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment 
strategies may differ from these views due to factors including portfolio 
construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most 
attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add exposure.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider 
opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term 
exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider 
alternative opportunities.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least 
attractive. Seek more favorable alternative opportunities.
Page 4 of 7


[Page 5]
Appendix 
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, 
private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of 
alternative investment funds are sold only to qualiﬁed investors, and only by means of oﬀering documents 
that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and 
which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative 
investment fund is speculative and involves signiﬁcant risks. 
Speciﬁcally, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory 
requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a 
substantial amount of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment 
practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is 
generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected to develop; (5) interests of 
alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax 
strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, 
including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce proﬁts. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, 
any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors 
should understand these risks and have the ﬁnancial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended 
period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an 
alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks 
related to an investment in these strategies: 
• 
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in hedge funds, which may 
include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” 
derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid investments. 
• 
Managed Futures: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in managed futures 
programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures 
strategies may have material directional elements. 
• 
Real Estate: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in real estate products and real 
estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general 
economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or 
regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks 
associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws. 
• 
Private Equity: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls 
can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in signiﬁcant adverse 
consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of investment. 
• 
Private Credit: There are risks speciﬁcally associated with investing in private credit. This could 
include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in signiﬁcant adverse circumstances could 
result in a substantial loss of investment. 
• 
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United 
States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the 
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected 
eﬀects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be aﬀected 
by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to 
a U.S. investor. 
Listed real estate
Page 5 of 7


[Page 6]
Listed real estate
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
Page 6 of 7


[Page 7]
Listed real estate
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 7 of 7
