[Page 1]
18 September 2026, 12:07 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Strategic: Invest in transformational innovation
Invest in transformational innovation
 
 Author: Sagar Khandelwal, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
• Why? 1) Innovation remains a key driver of long-
term equity performance and an important feature 
of enduring market leaders. 2) Structural shifts in AI, 
energy infrastructure, and health care are expanding 
global profit pools and reshaping industries. 3) We 
expect our TRIO themes to offer durable, structural 
growth that we believe can persist well beyond short-
term market volatility.
 
Diversified exposure to AI, power and resources, and 
longevity can capture structural growth while reducing 
reliance on a narrow group of market leaders. Source: 
Anna Evans_Unsplash
 
Historically, the stock market has mirrored transformational 
structural changes. In the US, the Dow Jones Industrial 
Average has been variously dominated by steel, automobile, 
internet, 
and 
pharma 
companies 
as 
technological 
innovations have blossomed. Our analysis also shows that 
between 1990 and 2020, just 2.4% of US companies and 
1.4% of non-US firms account for 100% of stock market 
returns.
Picking the right themes and the right companies at the 
forefront of those themes is therefore crucial for long-
term equity returns. So, we identify three enduring market 
drivers, exposure to which should be investors' first task 
when building long-term stock allocations as part of a well-
diversified portfolio.
These Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIOs) are
AI, Power and resources, and Longevity.
AI
The AI rally is in its fourth year, but the narrative is evolving. 
We project the total AI addressable market to reach USD 
3.1tr by 2030, growing at a 30% CAGR from 2026. The 
sharp rise then rebound in many semiconductor companies 
and other AI-linked parts of the market this year has 
heightened the risk of single-stock concentration.
Looking ahead, we expect AI capex to rise further, with 
supply bottlenecks in key segments requiring significant 
time and investment to resolve. While higher spending 
and strong earnings are a tailwind, any reversal in this 
momentum could quickly shift investor attention back to 
monetization.
While we acknowledge the recent, high-profile, and 
coordinated calls to pace AI development on safety 
concerns, we would caution against equating stronger 
safeguards with an end to the AI capex cycle: First, 
AI compute demand stems from both training models 
and running them, a process known as inference, with 
the latter estimated to account for roughly two-thirds of 
demand. Importantly, inference demand is driven primarily 
by real-world adoption and monetization, in our view, 
with the practical challenges of integrating AI into existing 
enterprise operations a greater constraint than current 
model capabilities. Training demand, by contrast, is more 
directly tied to the costs and expected returns of developing 
more capable models. We retain our 2027 AI industry capex 
forecast of USD 1.2tr, a rise of 33% from our estimate of 
USD 900bn this year.
We think the value-creation story is broadening beyond 
US technology, with opportunities emerging across the 
enabling (semiconductors, cloud), intelligence (software, 
algorithms), and application layers. Within semis and 
hardware, our top three areas of focus are currently 
semiconductor capital equipment, foundries, and compute 
names, particularly CPU-related.
Power and resources
The intersection of AI-driven demand, energy market 
disruption, and geopolitical risk is sharpening the focus 
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end 
of the document.
Page 1 of 6


[Page 2]
Invest in transformational innovation
on energy security and infrastructure resilience. Elevated 
energy prices reinforce the importance of resolving grid 
bottlenecks and accessing essential materials. We expect 
capital allocation to remain directed toward power, grid, and 
critical resources, with the current investment cycle shaped 
by structural growth drivers and tactical risk mitigation 
considerations.
Ballooning data center demand is continuing to accelerate 
investment in power and grid infrastructure, with global 
grid investment projected at USD 500bn in 2026 and 
annual sector investment reaching USD 3tr by 2030. 
Opportunities span grid resilience, renewables, nuclear, 
industrial automation, and critical minerals, with companies 
at the core of this transition reporting record order backlogs 
and robust demand.
While we note that in recent weeks the Power and 
resources theme has suffered due to seasonality, a dearth 
of large positive corporate announcements, and rising 
interest rate expectations that weighed on valuations of 
growth categories and yield-oriented utilities, we believe the 
momentum unwind has caused far too punitive a valuation 
derating. With a brightening catalyst calendar, including 
the removal of the US midterm election overhang, and the 
high probability of robust third-quarter results, we note that 
company dialogue continues to indicate resilient demand for 
electrical equipment and power supply.
Major utilities are now putting numbers around the load: 
signed agreements of 188GW in the US at the end of the 
second quarter and a pipeline in discussion of 350GW (albeit 
with double counting likely). Grid, storage and dispatchable-
generation spending remain essential as interconnection 
delays and equipment lead times constrain delivery. The 
conflict in the Middle East is likely to spur significant 
investment in energy security over the medium term. And 
above all, scarcity of much-needed electricity supply persists.
We therefore like companies with scarce capacity, credible 
backlogs and pricing power. Leading manufacturing 
indicators also point toward a second-half cyclical recovery, 
increasingly corroborated by management teams. With 
relative valuations having reset while the demand runway 
has lengthened, we view recent volatility as an opportunity 
for clients to lean into a long-duration theme focused on 
the indispensable physical architecture of an increasingly 
electrified economy.
Longevity
While ongoing geopolitical uncertainty in the Middle East 
has weighed on investor sentiment in more economically 
sensitive sectors, health care companies’ revenues tend to 
be less affected by these developments. We think that the 
diversified supply chains and strict cost controls of health 
care companies should allow them to protect profit margins, 
even in adverse scenarios where energy prices remain high.
In aggregate, we estimate annual revenues in the global 
longevity market could reach USD 8tr by 2030, up from USD 
5.3tr in 2023.
We are constructive on the long-term outlook for obesity 
treatments as greater supply and lower pricing are 
enabling broader patient access. For global obesity drugs 
(GLP-1s), we forecast 12% revenue growth per year on 
average through 2030, driven by rapid adoption, potential 
clinical benefits stretching beyond weight-loss treatment, 
expanding insurance coverage, and potential launches of 
oral GLP-1s.
Multiple late-stage trial results in cancer, cardio-metabolic 
conditions, and neurology in the coming months could also 
provide further catalysts. And while we think the broader 
medical device sector is experiencing some end-market 
deceleration, we think medical device shares and valuations 
have broadly overreacted in recent months. That said, a 
broader reacceleration will likely take well into 2027, leaving 
the sector without a near-term catalyst.
How the TRIOs can complement a diversified portfolio
Structurally, we think the Longevity market is set to expand 
from USD 5.3tr in 2023 to USD 8.0tr by 2030. In our view, 
the current period stands out for its concentration of clinical 
milestones and regulatory events, offering potential for 
outsized returns in select segments. We expect 2026 to be a 
catalyst-rich year, with multiple late-stage pipeline readouts 
in obesity, oncology, and medical devices, and potentially 
more strategic M&A as large-cap pharma companies seek to 
expand their pipelines. While the risk of AI-driven disruption 
is present, we believe that the threat to core health care 
activities remains manageable and that biopharma and 
medtech are positioned to benefit from productivity gains.
Investors seeking exposure to CIO’s Transformational 
Innovation Opportunities may consider a range of 
approaches, including portfolios reflecting CIO’s thematic 
selections. Depending on the structure, these approaches 
may involve periodic rebalancing, changes to constituent 
holdings and the management of foreign-exchange 
exposure. They may also differ in terms of costs, liquidity, 
complexity and risk.
For investors already exposed to the “AI” and “Power and 
resources” themes, the “Longevity” theme may provide a 
source of diversification. Historical correlations between the 
Longevity selection and the AI and Power and resources 
selections have generally been low or negative relative to 
global equities. However, past correlations may not persist 
and should not be regarded as a reliable indicator of future 
performance.
Other possible implementation approaches include holding 
individual securities, investment funds or other diversified 
vehicles with exposure to companies associated with these 
themes. Structured strategies, thematic private equity and 
Page 2 of 6


[Page 3]
Invest in transformational innovation
private infrastructure may also provide exposure to selected 
aspects of the themes, but involve additional risks. These 
may include market risk, concentration risk, leverage, 
complexity, valuation uncertainty and, in private markets, 
limited liquidity and long investment horizons.
Page 3 of 6


[Page 4]
Invest in transformational innovation
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 4 of 6


[Page 5]
Invest in transformational innovation
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 5 of 6


[Page 6]
Invest in transformational innovation
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 6 of 6
