[Page 1]
18 September 2026, 12:10 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
AI quick pulse: Will higher rates bring the 
technology cycle to an end?
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
 
Authors: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Delwin Kurnia 
Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Kevin Dennean, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, US Technology & Telecom, UBS Financial Services 
Inc. (UBS FS); Achille Monnet, CIO Equity Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG; Arafat Alafate, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Nikolaos 
Fostieris, Global Equity Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Xueqiong Huang, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
• Historically, the start of a Fed hiking cycle alone has 
not been sufficient to end a bull market or derail 
technology performance. What has mattered most is 
the interaction between interest rates, economic growth, 
and corporate earnings. Past tightening cycles show 
that technology stocks can perform well when earnings 
remain strong, but struggle when higher rates coincide 
with deteriorating profit growth.
• We believe the current environment is more similar to 
the constructive 2016 to 2017 period than the disruption 
experienced in 2022. Earnings growth remains robust, AI 
infrastructure economics continue to be attractive, and 
the expected tightening cycle appears relatively modest. 
While higher long-term yields warrant monitoring, 
especially if the pace accelerates, current return spreads 
remain supportive of ongoing AI investment.
• From a portfolio perspective, we continue to favor 
a barbell approach within technology. We prefer 
high-quality semiconductor and hardware leaders, the 
"Magnificent 7," and select infrastructure software and 
defensive technology companies. At the same time, we 
are more cautious on richly valued areas with limited 
profitability and highly leveraged neocloud providers, 
where rising funding costs could create greater downside 
risk.
Source: Shutterstock
 
Our view
Tighter Federl Reserve policy is often viewed as a headwind 
for stocks. However, history suggests the first rate hike 
is rarely a decisive turning point. As highlighted in our 
recent CIO report, "US equities: Fed hikes: A shift, not a 
sea change," published on 15 September, US equities have 
delivered an average return of 10.8% in the 12 months 
following the start of a hiking cycle, with none of those 
periods leading to a bear market.
Fig. 1: Stocks usually rise after Fed starts to hike
Average S&P 500 price change after first Fed rate hike, 16 
observations, indexed, since 1954
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of September 2026
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Switzerland AG,
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Analyst certification and required disclosures begin on page 4. UBSFS accepts 
responsibility for the contents of this report. U.S. persons who receive this report and wish to effect any transactions in 
any security discussed in this report should do so with UBSFS and not UBS AG.
Page 1 of 10


[Page 2]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
What has mattered more is the combination of policy 
tightening, economic growth, and corporate earnings. 
When growth and profits remain healthy, equities have 
generally been able to withstand higher rates. Conversely, 
periods of weak growth have tended to weigh on markets 
regardless of the path of interest rates.
Fig.2: Equity market performance correlated with 
growth metrics12-month change in S&P 500 and 
ISM Manufacturing New
Orders Index after first Fed rate hike
Source: Bloomberg, UBS as of September 2026
For the technology sector, the contrast between the 2022 
and the 2016-17 tightening cycles is instructive. In 2022, 
the Federal Reserve raised rates by more than 4 percentage 
points while technology earnings fell by around 10%, 
creating a double headwind that contributed to a 15% 
decline in the sector during the six months following the 
first hike. By contrast, the 2016-17 cycle saw a more gradual 
pace of tightening, earnings growth of roughly 14%, and 
a 16% gain in technology stocks over the same period. 
Together, these episodes suggest that earnings momentum, 
rather than the start of a hiking cycle itself, is the more 
important driver of technology sector performance.
A speed bump, not the end of the road
The current setup appears more consistent with the 
constructive 2016-17 precedent than with the disruption of 
2022. Our expected cumulative increase in the Fed rates 
is relatively modest at 50 basis points, while the earnings 
backdrop remains robust. The Nasdaq 100 is set to grow 
its earnings by 43% this year and 28% next year, based on 
consensus estimates.
Fig. 3: Tech has historically withstood modest rate 
hikes amid healthy growth
Nasdaq 100 performance six months after initial rate hikes: earnings 
growth vs. cumulative fed funds rate increases
Source: Factset, UBS as of 2026
The recent rise in US Treasury yields has not been confined 
to the front end of the curve. Long-dated rates, particularly 
the US 10-year Treasury yield, have also moved meaningfully 
higher. This matters for tech investors because hyperscalers 
continue to accelerate data center investment amid the AI 
infrastructure buildout. The sustainability of this capex cycle 
depends on expected returns remaining comfortably above 
funding costs, and a sharp increase in long-term yields could 
begin to compress that spread.
For now, we believe the economics remain attractive. We 
estimate NVIDIA's GB300 platform can generate roughly 
25% ROIC, compared with a mid- to high-single-digit cost 
of debt for hyperscalers and neocloud providers. The return 
hurdle therefore remains wide enough to support continued 
investment.
On top of the level of yields, the speed of the move also 
matters. While every rate cycle is shaped by a different 
macroeconomic and earnings backdrop, our analysis of the 
past 15 years suggests that the pace of rate increases has 
been just as important as the absolute level. Historically, 
monthly increases in the US 10-year yield beyond the 90th 
percentile, or roughly 30bps, have marked the point at 
which equity market performance begins to deteriorate.
As illustrated in the chart below, periods in which the US 
10-year yield rose by less than 29bps per month were 
typically associated with positive equity returns, averaging 
about 2% for the Nasdaq 100 and 3% for semiconductor 
stocks. However, once the pace exceeded that threshold, 
markets increasingly interpreted the move as a signal of 
tighter financial conditions and a heightened risk of cyclical 
slowdown. Historically, this has resulted in weaker and often 
negative equity returns.
Page 2 of 10


[Page 3]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Fig. 4: Historically, tech stocks could sustain a 
moderate rise in yield
Monthly return of Nasdaq 100 and SOXX relative to the change in 
10-year UST yield
Source: Factset, UBS as of 2026
How should investors be positioned?
After four years of exceptional growth, the AI capex cycle 
is beginning to mature. Risks are increasing, including 
higher interest rates, intensifying competition, and growing 
scrutiny of future infrastructure returns. Even so, the outlook 
for AI adoption, monetization, and technology spending 
remains constructive.
Importantly, a modest tightening cycle is unlikely to derail 
the technology cycle as long as economic activity remains 
resilient and earnings continue to grow. The greater risk 
would be a combination of faster-than-expected rate hikes 
and a meaningful slowdown in profit growth. Absent that 
scenario, higher rates are more likely to compress valuations 
and increase dispersion than to reverse the sector's broader 
trend.
Against this backdrop, we continue to advocate for a 
balanced barbell strategy in technology. On one side, we 
favor high-quality semiconductor and hardware leaders that 
remain key beneficiaries of AI infrastructure investment, 
and offer strong earnings visibility and attractive returns 
on capital. On the other, we favor the largest AI capex 
spenders, particularly the "Magnificent 7," whose scale, 
diversified earnings streams, and growing AI monetization 
opportunities should provide resilience across a range of 
outcomes.
We also favor select infrastructure software and defensive 
technology companies that can perform regardless of 
whether AI infrastructure spending continues to accelerate 
or begins to normalize.
By contrast, areas of the market trading at elevated multiples 
despite limited profitability may face greater downside risk. 
This includes select companies within the internet, software 
and semiconductor segment. Elsewhere, highly leveraged 
neocloud providers could also become more vulnerable as 
funding costs rise.
Overall, the current environment calls for greater selectivity, 
with a focus on earnings quality, valuation discipline, and 
balance-sheet strength.
Page 3 of 10


[Page 4]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Appendix
Required Disclosures
Analyst certification
Each research analyst primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with 
respect to each security or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his 
or her personal views about those securities or issuers; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly 
or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by that research analyst in the research report.
For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and 
publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology
Company/Country Disclosures   (18 September 2026)
Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and 
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to 
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.
Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS 
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that 
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.
Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse 
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or 
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth 
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment 
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated by the 
Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG Taipei Branch is 
authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China (Taiwan). UBS Switzerland 
AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized 
by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and 
the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe 
SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit institution constituted under German law, duly 
authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
– “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) 
and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory 
authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host member state authority. UBS Europe SE, 
Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España is authorized by the Banco de España.
UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central 
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet).
UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German 
Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority (Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE 
Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution" and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS 
(Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) 
and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) 
to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated by the Prudential Regulatory Authority 
Page 4 of 10


[Page 5]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
(PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated and authorized by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business. In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered 
as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages in Investment Marketing and is regulated by 
the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS 
AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) by the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
(DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS AG Abu Dhabi Branch is licensed and regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority (“FSRA”) of the Abu Dhabi Global Market. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to conduct securities business 
under licence number 08113-37. UBS BB Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A. is regulated by 
Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de 
Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National Futures 
Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Frequency of updates
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market 
developments.
Page 5 of 10


[Page 6]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Equity selection system
Most Preferred*: We expect the stock to outperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Least Preferred*: We expect the stock to underperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
*A stock cannot be selected as Most Preferred if it is rated Sell by UBS Investment Bank, while a Buy-rated stock by UBS 
Investment Bank cannot be selected as Least Preferred.
Bellwether (For US sector Equity Preferences): Stocks are of high importance or relevance to the sector and which the equity 
sector strategist expects to perform broadly in line with the sector benchmark in the next 12 months (not rated as Most 
Preferred or Least Preferred). Equity Preferences prepared by ex-US analysts don't have stocks with a Bellwether designation.
Securities in the US versions of the Equity Preference List have been removed from distribution outside the US if the security 
is Bellwether.
Restricted: Issuing of research on a company by CIO GWM can be restricted due to legal, regulatory, contractual or best 
business practice obligations which are normally caused by UBS Investment Bank’s involvement in an investment banking 
transaction in regard to the concerned company.
Equity selection: An assessment relative to a benchmark
Equity selections in Equity Preferences lists (EPLs) are assessments made relative to a sector/industry, country/regional or 
thematic benchmark. The chosen benchmark is disclosed on the front page of each EPL. It is also used to measure the 
performance of the EPL owner(s). Including a stock in the EPL constitutes neither a view on its expected, standalone absolute 
performance nor a price target. Rather, EPLs are meant to support the UBS House View, with the stocks included in them 
selected for their superior risk/return profiles.
Our selection is based on an assessment of the company's fundamental outlook and valuation, the risks owning the stock 
entails, including material sustainability risks and the diversification benefits it provides in an investment portfolio, among 
many other factors. UBS GWM CIO‘s selection methodology enables wealth management clients to invest in a specific 
investment theme or focus on a sector/industry or country/region.
The lead strategist is responsible for the CIO view on a stock, while the EPL owner(s) is/are responsible for the stock selection 
within an EPL. Stocks can be selected for multiple EPLs. For consistency's sake, a stock can only be selected as either Most 
Preferred or Least Preferred, not both simultaneously. As EPL benchmarks differ, stocks do not need to be included on every 
list to which they could theoretically be added.
For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Page 6 of 10


[Page 7]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Current CIO GWM Americas global rating distribution
% of companies under coverage with this rating*
% for which IB services have been provided**
Rating*
Most Preferred
47.74%
18.10%
Bellwether
52.26%
24.41%
Least Preferred
0.00%
0.00%
*Under our industry sector relative stock view system, Most Preferred most closely corresponds with a "buy" 
recommendation, Bellwether most closely corresponds with a "hold" recommendation and Least Preferred most closely 
corresponds with a "sell" recommendation.
**Percentage of companies within this rating for which investment banking services were provided by UBS AG or UBS 
Securities LLC or its affiliates within the past 12 months.
Source: UBS Financial Services Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliate, as of Sep 18 2026.
 
Statement of Risk
Equities - Stock market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology, 
geopolitical conditions and other important variables.
UBS does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware 
that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision.
For a complete set of required disclosures relating to the companies that are the subject of this report, please mail a request 
to UBS CIO Global Wealth Management Business Management, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor, Avenue of the 
Americas, New York, NY 10019.
Current UBS CIO global rating distribution (as of last month-end)
Most Preferred
100%
. .
.
.
Page 7 of 10


[Page 8]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Risk Information
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research. The date and time of the first dissemination of this publication is the same as the date and time 
of its publication.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or 
completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and 
market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. This publication 
is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the report. 
Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result 
of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of 
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Page 8 of 10


[Page 9]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Risk Information
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be 
appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options, 
you must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://
www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any 
particular structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments 
are unsecured obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on 
the terms of the investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance 
of the underlying asset. Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not 
guarantee in any way the obligations or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information 
provided by any issuer. Structured investments are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not 
equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset. Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors 
should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum 
gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may include call features and, if a structured investment is 
called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able to reinvest in similar investments with similar 
terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in the price of the investment. The tax 
treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in the underlying asset. UBS 
and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own tax situation 
before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS BB Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., UBS 
Asesores México, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS 
Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a 
report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in 
the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with 
UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved 
by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not 
acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of 
the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not 
intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For information on the ways in which UBS Securities LLC manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS 
Global Research product; historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research 
Page 9 of 10


[Page 10]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Risk Information
recommendations; and terms and conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 10 of 10
