[Page 1]
17 September 2026, 22:33 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities
CIO View: Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities
Tom Nash, Strategist, UBS AG
Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Nominal US Treasury yields moved higher over the past month, driven 
primarily by rising real yields. Notably, the 10-year real yield on Treasury 
Inflation-Protected Securities (TIPS) rose above 2.5%, its highest level in 
almost 20 years. Meanwhile, inflation expectations, as measured by the 
gap between nominal Treasury yields and real yields, have been edging 
modestly higher. This has been driven in part by ongoing disruptions to 
energy markets, which have pushed Brent crude oil prices back above USD 
100 per barrel from approximately USD 75 earlier in August. However, 10-
year breakeven inflation rates remain well below the peaks reached in May, 
when they briefly exceeded 2.5%, and currently stand at around 2.3%.
For the asset class, the ideal environment from a performance perspective 
is one in which real yields are falling and inflation expectations are rising. 
This means that TIPS are among the few asset classes that tend to perform 
well during supply-side-driven oil shocks, as these shocks create a more 
stagflationary macroeconomic environment—i.e., downward pressure on 
economic growth and upward pressure on inflation. The exception is when 
there is an aggressive monetary policy response, as in 2022-23. To a large 
extent, it is this factor—the recent increase in hawkish Federal Reserve 
policy expectations—that has driven the recent rise in real yields and eroded 
the year-to-date gains in TIPS. While the delivery of a 25-basis-point hike 
in September, alongside more hawkish messaging, presents a near-term 
headwind to TIPS, valuations are now much more appealing, with an 
additional 75bps of rate hikes priced in and real yields at multi-decade 
highs across the curve.
On a relative basis, TIPS continue to outperform nominal Treasuries of 
similar duration this year. Ultimately, all else equal, TIPS outperform 
comparable nominal Treasuries over their holding period if CPI inflation 
averages above the market’s implied expectation. Right now, medium- to 
long-term breakeven inflation rates sit in a tight 2.25-2.5% range across 
the curve. The implication is that the market is anticipating disinflation from 
the latest CPI inflation rate of 3.4% y/y recorded in August. By comparison, 
core inflation, which strips out food and energy and may be a better signal 
of underlying inflation trends once the energy spike passes, is currently 
running at 2.4% y/y. Going forward, it will be important to assess the 
possibility of second-round inflationary effects from higher energy prices 
appearing in broader goods and services inflation and wage growth. The 
market is likely to closely scrutinize measures of company pricing power 
and surveyed consumer inflation expectations to assess the extent to which 
these higher input prices are passed on. Inflationary risks from tariffs or 
categories related to AI investment also warrant close attention in the 
coming months. A more prolonged inflationary impulse would support 
TIPS.
Global Asset Class Preference
Neutral
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures that begin on 
page 3.
Page 1 of 4


[Page 2]
Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities
Another driver of performance is the evolution of risk premiums embedded 
in pricing, specifically liquidity and inflation risk premiums. Lower liquidity 
is a headwind for inflation-linked bonds relative to comparable nominal 
bonds because the latter are considered more liquid. This can be particularly 
relevant during periods of market stress and warrants consideration in 
the current highly uncertain market environment. However, inflation risk 
premiums could also reprice higher, supporting TIPS over a strategic 
investment horizon. A key factor investors must consider in this respect 
is the Fed’s commitment to its 2% target, with inflation now running 
above this level for more than five years. So far, the new Fed chair, Kevin 
Warsh, has emphasized a commitment to price stability and monetary 
policy independence, which has put downward pressure on longer-term 
breakeven inflation rates. A shift back to a dovish Fed reaction function 
would support TIPS.
Upside scenario
TIPS should deliver stronger performance than nominal bonds if inflation 
remains above the Fed's target longer than anticipated and real rates 
remain stable.
Downside scenario
TIPS pricing would likely weaken relative to nominal bonds if there was a 
growth scare or a credit crunch, which weakens the economy such that 
inflation falls faster than we currently anticipate and risk premiums widen.
Page 2 of 4


[Page 3]
Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the 
collective judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total 
returns on liquid and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. 
Note that the tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views 
due to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/
or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained 
from sources believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made 
as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any 
forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change 
without notice. Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions 
of UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in 
the preparation of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine 
the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure 
the performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or 
performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving 
this document and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this 
document or otherwise rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or 
employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry 
out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other 
services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any 
company commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to 
buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in 
UBS research publications. Some investments may not be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and 
therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies 
on information barriers to control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, 
units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial 
risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for 
its future performance. Additional information will be made available upon request. Some investments may be subject 
to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may be required to 
pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. 
Page 3 of 4


[Page 4]
Treasury Inflation-Protected Securities
The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and 
other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating 
systems of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, 
investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts 
(for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and 
valuations provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to 
each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access 
to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization 
that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both 
in general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account 
the particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that 
you take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned 
herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in 
writing UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no 
liability whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. 
This report is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on 
the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, 
and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the 
relevant authors of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports 
on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the 
UBS Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime 
or naming conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG 
analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be 
consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable 
investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability 
issues are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an 
External Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External 
Asset Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this 
report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 4 of 4
