[Page 1]
Flash Macro  
Update
U.S. FOMC  |  September 2026
Henry H. McVey
Head of Global Macro, 
Balance Sheet & 
Risk, CIO of KKR’s 
Balance Sheet
henry.mcvey@kkr.com
Dave McNellis
Managing Director, 
Co-Head of Global 
Macro and Head of 
Portfolio Construction 
and Multi-Asset 
Strategies for Private 
Markets
Brian Leung
Director, U.S. Macro
Miguel Montoya
Associate, U.S. Macro
What You Need to Know
How are we thinking about the 
September FOMC and markets? 
The Fed raised interest rates by 25 basis points on Wednesday, consistent 
with our expectations and with our view that this is an adjustment cycle, not 
a full-blown tightening cycle like 2021. In fact, we continue to see these hikes 
largely as a normalization of the ‘emergency cuts’ put in place towards the 
end of the Powell regime.
Importantly, post the meeting, we were struck by how closely both the 
Fed’s updated outlook and Chair Warsh’s remarks aligned with the core 
elements of KKR’s Regime Change framework. As a reminder, our Regime 
Change thesis rests on a more persistent backdrop of elevated nominal GDP 
growth and core inflation, including a Core CPI run-rate closer to 2.5% versus 
1.5-2.0% pre-pandemic. We believe this backdrop reflects four structural 
forces: 1) persistent fiscal deficits; 2) graying demographics; 3) heightened 
geopolitics, including more resilience-oriented capital spending; and 4) an at 
times bumpy energy transition.
Against that backdrop, we are sticking with our call for two additional hikes, 
in December and March, versus the FOMC’s current expectation for just 
one more. Maybe more importantly, we now expect the Fed to hold rates 
at 4.375% through early 2029, versus 2028 previously. The key point is that 
the FOMC itself no longer expects inflation to return fully to target until 2029. In 
our view, moderately restrictive rates alongside lingering inflation and resilient 
nominal growth argue for a higher for longer policy setting.
1


[Page 2]
Flash Macro Update       2
We are also modestly increasing our 10-year Treasury 
yield targets, to 5.1% at year-end 2026 from 5.0%, and 
to 4.9% at year-end 2027 from 4.7%. We continue to 
believe that investors at the long end of the curve 
will demand a healthy level of term premium in an 
environment of elevated nominal growth, large fiscal 
deficits, and ongoing competition for capital.
OUR TAKEAWAYS FROM THE SEPTEMBER FED 
MEETING
1. Elevated nominal GDP growth,, not just elevated 
inflation, is becoming a more important part of the 
Fed’s decision making. Chair Warsh highlighted three 
forces keeping rates elevated: 1) resilient and reac-
celerating economic growth; 2) renewed geopolitical 
pressures; and 3) pronounced competition for capital 
associated with the AI capital-spending boom.
	y GMAA take: This framing is very consistent with 
our Regime Change thesis. We believe this cycle 
is increasingly defined by elevated nominal GDP, 
not just elevated inflation. Moreover, we think the 
forces supporting nominal growth remain powerful, 
including robust capital spending, improving 
productivity, and heightened geopolitical investment. 
The FOMC appears to be acknowledging this 
resilience as well, with participants showing the 
lowest level of concern about GDP growth since the 
Fed began publishing this outlook in 2011 (Exhibit 1).
2. Warsh’s tough talk notwithstanding, the Fed’s 
forecasts continue to demonstrate a notable 
tolerance for inflation running modestly above 
mandate. As shown in Exhibit 2, the Fed’s latest 
forecasts now embed Core PCE inflation above 2% 
through 2029, including an increase in the 2028 forecast 
to 2.2% from 2.1%.
	y GMAA take: We think it is notable that the Committee 
is forecasting just one additional hike, even as it now 
expects inflation to remain above target for eight 
consecutive years. To us, this is another sign that 
Regime Change is increasingly embedded in Fed 
thinking. For our part, we continue to expect at least 
two more hikes, taking the policy rate to 4.375%, 
with risks still skewed towards somewhat more 
tightening rather than less.
3. Chair Warsh appears to be moving towards the 
hawkish end of the Committee. During the press 
conference, Warsh said he had been “hard pressed to 
find evidence that monetary policy is restrictive” and 
characterized the September hike as removing “a dose 
of accommodation.” We think this framing is important. 
Nominal GDP growth remains well above nominal 
interest rates, a relationship we believe this Fed is 
watching closely.
	y GMAA take: There were no dissents to the 
September hike, but there is clearly still some debate 
around how far and how quickly the Fed should 
move. As noted above, we think the SEP forecast for 
just one additional hike is too low. At the same time, 
we do not expect the Fed to embark on a materially 
more aggressive tightening cycle unless core inflation 
moves sustainably above 3%, which is not our base 
case.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR OUR FORECASTS?
	y We maintain our call for two additional hikes, 
taking the policy rate to 4.375%. We continue to 
believe the ‘dot plot’ is too benign given the structural 
forces supporting nominal GDP growth. That said, 
we are not forecasting an extended hiking cycle 
back towards 5% or above. Shelter disinflation and 
the fading impact of tariffs should help keep core 
inflation below 3%, allowing the Committee to remain 
patient with modest misses relative to mandate.
	y We push out our forecast for the first rate cut to 
2029 from 2028. A relatively modest hiking cycle 
does not necessarily imply an early easing cycle. In 
fact, given the resilience in nominal growth outlined 
above, we think the more important message is that 
policy rates are likely to remain higher for longer.
	y We modestly increase our 10-year Treasury yield 
targets, to 5.1% at year-end 2026 from 5.0%, and 
to 4.9% at year-end 2027 from 4.7%. We believe 
long-end investors will continue to demand healthy 
levels of term premium given elevated nominal GDP 
growth, large fiscal deficits, and the Fed’s willingness 
to tolerate inflation modestly above 2%. We also 
agree with Chair Warsh that AI-related Investment 
Grade issuance could remain an important source of 


[Page 3]
Flash Macro Update       3
competition for capital and a tension point for supply 
vs. demand technicals.
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN FOR INVESTING?
	y We stick to our long-held Regime Change thesis, 
particularly for investors allocating across asset 
classes. We expect 10-year Treasury yields to 
remain in a roughly 4% to low-5% range, while real 
central bank rates stay positive for the foreseeable 
future. Importantly, we believe interest rates will 
remain structurally higher than they were during 
the post-GFC period, inflation takes longer to return 
fully to target, and the long end of the yield curve 
demands more term premium. 
	y Against this backdrop, we continue to favor 
assets that participate in nominal GDP growth. 
Areas such as Infrastructure, Asset-Based Finance, 
Opportunistic Credit, and operational improvement-
driven Buyouts remain particularly compelling 
to us. We also continue to favor non-correlated 
assets where investors can create value through 
operational improvement rather than simply relying 
on falling discount rates.
	y Finally, this backdrop reinforces several of our 
highest-conviction structural themes: Security 
of Everything; Productivity and Worker Retraining; 
Power, Energy, and Grid Infrastructure; and Capital 
Heavy to Capital Light. We believe each of these 
themes should continue to gain momentum as 
capital becomes more expensive, resilience becomes 
more valuable, and companies focus increasingly on 
productivity and operational improvement.
We stick to our long-
held Regime Change 
thesis, particularly for 
investors allocating across 
asset classes.
Exhibit 1: The Fed Has Never Been More Relaxed About 
Growth Risks Than It Is Today
Number of FOMC Participants Reporting Weighted to
Downside Risks to GDP Growth
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Data as at September 16, 2026. Source: Federal Reserve, Bloomberg.
Exhibit 2: Fed Forecast Revisions Embed a Limited 
Hiking Campaign, Even Amidst Above-Mandate Inflation 
and Durable Growth
 
2026e 2027e 2028e 2029e Long-Run
Central Tendency of Economic Projections 
Real GDP Growth
2.3%
2.4%
2.2%
2.1%
2.0%
Jun’26 meeting
2.2%
2.3%
2.2%
N/A
2.0%
Memo: Bbg Consensus
2.1%
2.2%
2.1%
N/A
N/A
Unemp. Rate
4.1%
4.1%
4.1%
4.1%
4.2%
Jun’26 meeting
4.3%
4.3%
4.2%
N/A
4.2%
Memo: Bbg Consensus
4.3%
4.2%
4.2%
N/A
N/A
PCE Inflation
3.7%
2.3%
2.1%
2.0%
2.0%
Jun’26 meeting
3.6%
2.3%
2.0%
N/A
2.0%
Memo: Bbg Consensus
3.5%
2.2%
2.1%
N/A
N/A
Core PCE Inflation
3.4%
2.5%
2.2%
2.0%
N/A
Jun’26 meeting
3.3%
2.5%
2.1%
N/A
N/A
Memo: Bbg Consensus
3.2%
2.4%
2.2%
N/A
N/A
Year-End Fed Funds Forecast
Sep’26 meeting
4.125% 4.125% 3.875%3.625%
3.250%
Jun’26 meeting
3.750% 3.625% 3.375%
N/A
3.125%
FF Futures
4.09% 4.56% 4.64% 4.64%
4.63%
GMAA Base Case
4.13%
4.38% 4.38% 3.38%
3.38%
Data as at September 16, 2026. Source: Federal Reserve, Bloomberg.


[Page 4]
Important Information
References to “we”, “us,” and “our” refer to Mr. McVey and/or KKR’s Global Macro 
and Asset Allocation team, as context requires, and not of KKR. The views 
expressed reflect the current views of Mr. McVey as of the date hereof and 
neither Mr. McVey nor KKR undertakes to advise you of any changes in the views 
expressed herein. Opinions or statements regarding financial market trends are 
based on current market conditions and are subject to change without notice. 
References to a target portfolio and allocations of such a portfolio refer to a 
hypothetical allocation of assets and not an actual portfolio. The views expressed 
herein and discussion of any target portfolio or allocations may not be reflected 
in the strategies and products that KKR offers or invests, including strategies and 
products to which Mr. McVey provides investment advice to or on behalf of KKR. 
It should not be assumed that Mr. McVey has made or will make investment rec-
ommendations in the future that are consistent with the views expressed herein, 
or use any or all of the techniques or methods of analysis described herein in 
managing client or proprietary accounts. Further, Mr. McVey may make investment 
recommendations and KKR and its affiliates may have positions (long or short) or 
engage in securities transactions that are not consistent with the information and 
views expressed in this document. 
The views expressed in this publication are the personal views of Henry H. McVey 
of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (together with its affiliates, “KKR”) and do 
not necessarily reflect the views of KKR itself or any investment professional at 
KKR. This document is not research and should not be treated as research. This 
document does not represent valuation judgments with respect to any financial 
instrument, issuer, security or sector that may be described or referenced herein 
and does not represent a formal or official view of KKR. This document is not 
intended to, and does not, relate specifically to any investment strategy or product 
that KKR offers. It is being provided merely to provide a framework to assist in the 
implementation of an investor’s own analysis and an investor’s own views on the 
topic discussed herein. 
This publication has been prepared solely for informational purposes. The infor-
mation contained herein is only as current as of the date indicated, and may be 
superseded by subsequent market events or for other reasons. Charts and graphs 
provided herein are for illustrative purposes only. The information in this document 
has been developed internally and/or obtained from sources believed to be 
reliable; however, neither KKR nor Mr. McVey guarantees the accuracy, adequacy 
or completeness of such information. Nothing contained herein constitutes invest-
ment, legal, tax or other advice nor is it to be relied on in making an investment or 
other decision. 
There can be no assurance that any investment strategy will be successful. Historic 
market trends are not reliable indicators of actual future market behavior or future 
performance of any particular investment which may differ materially, and should 
not be relied upon as such. 
The information in this publication contains economic projections and other 
forward-looking statements regarding future events, targets, forecasts or expec-
tations regarding the macro trends described herein, and is only current as of the 
date indicated. There is no assurance that such events or targets will be achieved, 
and may be significantly different from that shown here. The information in this 
document, including statements concerning financial market trends, is based on 
current market conditions, which will fluctuate and may be superseded by subse-
quent market events or for other reasons. 
Neither KKR nor Mr. McVey assumes any duty to, nor undertakes to update 
forward-looking statements. No representation or warranty, express or implied, 
is made or given by or on behalf of KKR, Mr. McVey or any other person as to 
the accuracy and completeness or fairness of the information contained in this 
publication and no responsibility or liability is accepted for any such information. 
By accepting this document, the recipient acknowledges their understanding and 
acceptance of the foregoing statement. 
Indexes are unmanaged. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
S&P 500 is a market-capitalization-weighted index of the 500 largest U.S. publicly 
traded companies.
© 2026 Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.
Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. 
30 Hudson Yards 
New York, New York 10001 
+ 1 (212) 750.8300 
www.kkr.com
