[Page 1]
 ECONOMY
September 16, 2026
Back to School, Back Online—Retail Sales Rebound in August
By Michael J. Bazdarich, PhD
Headline retail sales bounced a very strong 1.2% in August, and there was a slight +0.1% upward revision to the July
sales estimate. To focus on more consumer-oriented and less volatile retail sectors, most analysts—ourselves
included—focus on a “control” sales measure that excludes sales at car dealers, service stations, building material
stores and restaurants. That control measure rose even more strongly than headline sales, up 1.4%, with its July sales
estimate essentially unrevised. 
Did consumer activity suddenly explode in August, as these sales data would suggest? No, factoring in the July sales
declines that were reported last month, the August gains reported today look less spectacular, but they still point to a
steady rate of growth in consumer activity and clearly stronger growth than was seen in 2025 and earlier. 
Thus, netting a -0.4% July decline with their +1.4% August gain, control sales were still up 1.0% over the last two
months. Furthermore, we estimate that retail prices for the control sectors were flat in August and up 0.2% in July, so
that real control sales likely rose 0.8% on net over July and August. Exhibit 1 illustrates both the July declines and
August gains, as well as the stronger growth year to date. 
Exhibit 1: “Control” Retail Sales 
 
Source: Census Bureau, Bureau of Economic Analysis, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Western Asset. As of 31
Aug 26. 


[Page 2]
In our post last month, we stated that the reported July sales decline was likely a “random blip that will be reversed in
months to come.” Today’s data vindicated that assertion. We mentioned then that all of the July sales decline came from
nonstore vendors—that is, online shopping—and that the decline likely reflected the timing of Amazon's annual Prime
Day. Excluding nonstore vendors, control sales rose +0.4% in July per the data of a month ago.
Well, indeed, nonstore sales reversed their -1.7% July decline (revised from -2.2%, as reported a month ago) with a
+2.6% August gain. Among control sectors other than nonstore vendors, sales were up 0.8% in August after a 0.2%
July gain (revised down from the 0.4% announced a month ago). On net, sales there are up at a 4.8% annualized rate
over the first eight months of 2026 and up 3.7% over August 2025.
Where are sales up this year? Pretty much everywhere. Car dealers, book and sporting goods stores, electronics and
appliance stores, and restaurants show the most impressive accelerations this year, but sales are growing at virtually
every other store type. Only drug and grocery stores fail to show an improvement in sales this year, and even there,
sales are up at least slightly.
To date, the improvement in consumer spending in 2026 has failed to ignite faster GDP growth, with much of the higher
consumer spending leaking out of the country via imports. However, domestic manufacturing activity has improved this
year, at least partly due to the stronger consumer, and GDP growth in the second half of 2026 will likely show some
improvement over first-half data.
The other side of the story is that buoyant consumer activity likely boosted the chances of the Federal Reserve rate hike
that was widely anticipated and confirmed today. For a while, at least, it likely will be the case that good economic data
will have the non-silver lining implication of higher interest rates. 
© Western Asset Management Company, LLC 2025. The information contained in these materials ("the materials") is intended for the exclusive use of the designated
recipient ("the recipient"). This information is proprietary and confidential and may contain commercially sensitive information, and may not be copied, reproduced or
republished, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Western Asset Management Company ("Western Asset"). 
Past performance does not predict future returns. These materials should not be deemed to be a prediction or projection of future performance. These
materials are intended for investment professionals including professional clients, eligible counterparties, and qualified investors only. 
These materials have been produced for illustrative and informational purposes only. These materials contain Western Asset's opinions and beliefs as of the date
designated on the materials; these views are subject to change and may not reflect real-time market developments and investment views. 
Third party data may be used throughout the materials, and this data is believed to be accurate to the best of Western Asset's knowledge at the time of publication, but
cannot be guaranteed. These materials may also contain strategy or product awards or rankings from independent third parties or industry publications which are based on
unbiased quantitative and/or qualitative information determined independently by each third party or publication. In some cases, Western Asset may subscribe to these
third party's standard industry services or publications. These standard subscriptions and services are available to all asset managers and do not influence rankings or
awards in any way. 
Investment strategies or products discussed herein may involve a high degree of risk, including the loss of some or all capital. Investments in any products or strategies
described in these materials may be volatile, and investors should have the financial ability and willingness to accept such risks. 
Unless otherwise noted, investment performance contained in these materials is reflective of a strategy composite. All other strategy data and information included in these
materials reflects a representative portfolio which is an account in the composite that Western Asset believes most closely reflects the current portfolio management style
of the strategy. Performance is not a consideration in the selection of the representative portfolio. The characteristics of the representative portfolio shown may differ from
other accounts in the composite. Information regarding the representative portfolio and the other accounts in the composite are available upon request. Statements in
these materials should not be considered investment advice. References, either general or specific, to securities and/or issuers in the materials are for illustrative purposes
only and are not intended to be, and should not be interpreted as, recommendation to purchase or sell such securities. Employees and/or clients of Western Asset may
have a position in the securities or issuers mentioned. 
These materials are not intended to provide, and should not be relied on for, accounting, legal, tax, investment or other advice. The recipient should consult its own
counsel, accountant, investment, tax, and any other advisers for this advice, including economic risks and merits, related to making an investment with Western Asset. The
recipient is responsible for observing the applicable laws and regulations of their country of residence. 
Founded in 1971, Western Asset Management Company is a global fixed-income investment manager with offices in Pasadena, New York, London, Singapore, Tokyo,
Melbourne, São Paulo, Hong Kong, and Zürich. Western Asset is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. but operates autonomously. Western Asset is
comprised of six legal entities across the globe, each with distinct regional registrations: Western Asset Management Company, LLC, a registered Investment Adviser with
the Securities and Exchange Commission; Western Asset Management Company Ltda. is regulated by Comissão de Valores Mobiliários; Western Asset Management
Company Pty Ltd ABN 41 117 767 923 is the holder of the Australian Financial Services License 303160; Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. Co. Reg. No.
200007692R is a holder of a Capital Markets Services License for fund management and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; Western Asset Management
Company Ltd, a registered Financial Instruments Business Operator and regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan; and Western Asset Management Company
Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") (FRN 145930). This communication is intended for distribution to Professional Clients only if
deemed to be a financial promotion in the UK as defined by the FCA. This communication may also be intended for certain EEA countries where Western Asset has been
granted permission to do so. For the current list of the approved EEA countries please contact Western Asset at +44 (0)20 7422 3000. 
