[Page 1]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      1/7  
Fixed Income Weekly
Syz Fixed Income Research – 15 September 2026 
The Short-End of the Curve Offers Value 
Investors have now priced in a significant amount of monetary policy tightening in most major 
markets. This has pushed yields higher, especially in the short end, which now seems 
attractive relative to cash. We remain cautious about longer maturities in countries with a 
weak fiscal outlook. 
 
Chart 1: Further hikes to 4.5% by the Fed now priced in 
Source: Bloomberg, Banque Syz 
 
 
 


[Page 2]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      2/7  
Major Markets 
The ECB has hiked twice already, in June and in September, bringing the deposit rate from 
2% to 2.5%. The FOMC tightened policy by 25 bps on September 16, from 3.5%-3.75% to 
3.75%-4%. Moreover, bond investors now priced in close Fed hikes to around 4.5% by next 
summer (see chart 1 above). In other major markets, investors price a similar policy 
tightening (see chart 2 below). In two countries, fewer hikes are expected, but for good 
reasons: Australia, where the Reserve Bank has already hiked rates by 75 bps in 2026, and 
Switzerland, where the inflation outlook remains benign. 
Chart 2: Significant monetary tightening expected in major markets 
Source: Bloomberg, Banque Syz 
Why is tighter policy warranted in most major markets? The ECB’s website puts the blame 
squarely on factors outside its control, namely, “the conflict in the Middle East [which] 
continues to generate inflation pressures”1. We disagree. A negative supply shock tends to 
depress economic activity and increase prices in the short run. It does not constitute inflation 
defined as a broad and sustained rise in prices. Energy prices rise immediately while other 
 
1 https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2026/html/ecb.mp260910~314e508016.en.html . Also 
see  the sentence „We are doing this [raising rates] because the Middle East conflict keeps driving up 
prices. »  https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/press_conference/visual-
mps/2026/html/mopo_statement_explained_september.en.html. 


[Page 3]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      3/7  
prices come under downward pressure over time as consumers of energy adjust their 
spending. More money spent on energy means less money spent elsewhere. 
The consensus among central bankers is that monetary policy should not react to a negative 
supply shock because this would destabilize rather than smooth economic activity. For 
example, Philip Lane, a member of the ECB’s Executive Board, wrote in February 2022: “Since 
monetary policy steers domestic demand, a tightening of monetary policy in reaction to an 
external supply shock would mean that the economy would be simultaneously confronted 
with two adverse shocks - a deterioration in the international terms of trade (generated by 
the increase in import prices) and a reduction in domestic demand.”2 
The academic literature does allow for a potential exception. If the shift in relative prices 
triggered by the supply shock de-anchors inflation expectations, tighter monetary policy is 
warranted to stem what could otherwise become genuine inflationary pressure. Central 
bankers have admitted that there is no evidence that this has occurred since last spring.3 
Is there a more convincing way to explain the monetary policy tightening? If inflation has 
been on target or below for the past few years, the ECB, the Fed and other central banks 
would probably look through the negative supply shock caused by higher energy prices. The 
current context is different. Headline inflation has run too high, and even the less volatile core 
measure has not been at or below the 2% target since 2021 in the US and in the Eurozone. 
This extended period of above-target inflation is evidence that monetary policy has been 
too accommodative, a past mistake which constrains central bankers now. Loose monetary 
policy, not the negative supply shock, has generated inflationary pressures that risk de-
anchoring inflation expectations and call for a rate hike. 
This consideration is reinforced by the poor fiscal outlook in the US as well as several other 
countries. When the FOMC held rates steady in end-July, bond investors feared that the 
central bank might be keeping rates low for political reasons. The ensuing bear-steepening 
from end-July to mid-August - higher yields across the board with long-term yields rising 
most - was a sharp contrast to the bear flattening witnessed in 2026 before the July FOMC 
and after investors regained some confidence in the Fed’s willingness to hike rates. (See chart 
3 below.) The hawkish press conference of Fed Chair Warsh on September 16 gave 
additional comfort. Investors have in effect forced the Fed to reassure them about its 
independence. For bond investors, the worst outcome would be for the central bank to let 
inflation run above target because of the fiscal situation. Renewed fears would probably 
manifest themselves in another bout of higher yields in the long end of the curve. 
 
 
2 https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/blog/date/2022/html/ecb.blog220210~1590dd90d6.en.html  
3 In addition, there is hardly any evidence that this has ever occurred. The main candidate for an adverse 
supply shock de-anchoring inflation expectations is the stagflation of the 1970s, but many academics 
argue that ill-guided monetary policy was the real culprit. 


[Page 4]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      4/7  
Chart 3: Worried bond investors bear-steepened the curve in August  
Source: FRED, Banque Syz 
What is our investment strategy? The 1y-2y segment of the curve in major markets 
appears attractive relative to cash. The hawkish path for monetary policy priced in provides 
buyers with high carry and a favorable balance of probabilities. 
At around 5%, the US 10y yield is close to nominal GDP growth and back to a level last seen 
in 2007, before the financial crisis. Some value has been restored, which is comforting. That 
said, we remain cautious because of the poor fiscal outlook in the US. Higher yields in the 10y 
to 30y segment of the curve are the way for investors to compel politicians to improve fiscal 
policy. The sovereign bonds of countries with solid public finances offer a safer risk-return 
profile and better diversification properties for multi-asset portfolios. 
 


[Page 5]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      5/7  
Credit 
Brent crude rose further on Monday to $108/barrel, after the planned Hormuz meeting 
between Iran and Gulf nations was postponed, while European TTF gas surged to over 
€80/MWh, up roughly €12 over the week. Higher government bond yields led to negative 
total returns across credit markets last week in the face of modest spread changes. 
European credit underperformed after the ECB’s hawkish message, with EUR investment 
grade (IG) and EUR high yield (HY) spreads widening modestly, while US spreads tightened. 
Euro IG yields have now moved above 4%, approaching levels last seen during the 2022–23 
tightening cycle. Yet higher carry today creates a much stronger cushion. Euro IG total returns 
are only around -0.7% year-to-date, versus roughly -12.5% by September 2022, while Euro 
HY remains positive at about +1%. 
CCC yields stand near 17% in Europe and 16% in the US, far above BB and B yields. 
Dispersion has become increasingly important. For weaker CCC issuers that have not yet 
refinanced 2028–29 maturities, market access has effectively dried up. 
Encouragingly, Renault became a rising star after Moody’s upgraded it to Baa3, reflecting 
stronger credit fundamentals. EUR IG auto sector has outperformed broader EUR IG index 
year-to-date, while Volkswagen has also benefited from a positive market reaction to its 
newly approved cost-cutting plan.  
Looking ahead, carry will go on cushioning returns. Elevated energy prices and higher-for-
longer rates should keep duration under pressure and widen the gap between stronger and 
weaker issuers.  
 
Emerging Markets 
Emerging Markets (EM) corporate credit spreads remained resilient despite higher US 
Treasury yields, elevated oil prices and growing expectations of further Fed tightening. Fund 
flows into EM remained positive, while EM corporates again proved more resilient than EM 
sovereigns during the rates sell-off.  
Improved policy credibility across several emerging markets and the absence of a sustained 
US dollar rebound support EM issuers, although higher energy prices have been challenging 
for oil importers. 
In Mexico, the 2027 budget proposes cutting direct financial support to PEMEX by roughly 
two-thirds, to around $4.8 billion, compared with $14 billion of capital support in 2026. This 
should not be viewed as a withdrawal of government backing, but rather as a reduction in 
extraordinary fiscal transfers following significant deleveraging: PEMEX’s gross debt has 
fallen to around $77.5 billion in June 2026, down from over $100 billion two years ago.  


[Page 6]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      6/7  
Mexico faces some rating pressure. Moody’s lowered Mexico to Baa3 with stable outlook in 
May. S&P has a negative outlook on its BBB rating, leaving scope for a downgrade to BBB-. 
That said, Mexico is widely expected to retain an investment grade rating. 
Taking a step back, EM corporate carry remains reasonably appealing, as evidence by 
consistent fund inflows this year. That said, higher oil prices and tighter US financial 
conditions reinforce the need for selectivity.  
 
 
Our main fixed income views 
Rates 
NEUTRAL, favor the 1y-2y segment, 
avoid bonds of countries with poor 
fiscal outlook 
Higher yields restore some value and lead us 
to a neutral outlook on government bonds, 
with a preference for the 1y-2y segment. 
Avoid bond exposure in countries with 
unfavorable public debt dynamics and where 
there are doubts about the commitment of 
central 
banks 
to 
contain 
inflationary 
pressures. Favor the bonds of sovereigns 
with solid finances to bring safe-haven 
diversification to multi-asset portfolios. 
 
Investment Grade Corporates 
NEUTRAL, harvest the carry 
We find investment grade corporate bonds 
attractive, given their yield level and our still 
constructive economic scenario. Tight credit 
spreads reduce the margin for safety, 
however, especially in a more uncertain 
macro-economic environment. We keep a 
neutral stance on investment grade credit 
from an asset allocation perspective. 
High Yield Corporates 
NEUTRAL, favor short maturities 
We like high yield bonds with short 
maturities for their combination of carry and 
low sensitivity to interest rate movements. 
HY spreads remain tight. At long maturities, 
they do not compensate adequately for a 
potential deterioration in the economic 
environment. As such, we hold a neutral view 
for high yield, with a marked preference for 
shorter maturities.  
 
Emerging Markets 
NEUTRAL, with opportunities 
EM debt remains our favored fixed income 
segment. Political uncertainties and higher 
energy prices impact negatively some EM 
issuers, but broad EM fundamentals are 
robust. Global economic growth and 
moderate levels of public indebtedness and 
corporate 
leverage 
across 
many 
EM 
countries are supportive factors. Current 
tight spreads reflect these dynamics. In this 
context, we are selective and favor short 
and medium maturities. 
 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 7]
FIXED INCOME WEEKLY 
 
Syz Private Banking      7/7  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For further information 
Banque Syz SA 
Quai des Bergues 1  
CH-1201 Geneva 
T. +41 58 799 10 00 
syzgroup.com 
Christophe Pella, CFA 
Head of Fixed Income 
christophe.pella@syzgroup.com 
 
Maggie Cheng, CFA, CAIA 
Senior Fixed Income Analyst 
maggie.cheng@syzgroup.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This marketing document has been issued by Bank Syz Ltd. It is not intended for distribution to, publication, provision or use by individuals or legal 
entities that are citizens of or reside in a state, country or jurisdiction in which applicable laws and regulations prohibit its distribution, publication, 
provision or use. It is not directed to any person or entity to whom it would be illegal to send such marketing material. This document is intended for 
informational purposes only and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation or recommendation for the subscription, purchase, sale or 
safekeeping of any security or financial instrument or for the engagement in any other transaction, as the provision of any investment advice or 
service, or as a contractual document. Nothing in this document constitutes an investment, legal, tax or accounting advice or a representation that any 
investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate for an investor's particular and individual circumstances, nor does it constitute a personalized 
investment advice for any investor. This document reflects the information, opinions and comments of Bank Syz Ltd. as of the date of its publication, 
which are subject to change without notice. The opinions and comments of the authors in this document reflect their current views and may not 
coincide with those of other Syz Group entities or third parties, which may have reached different conclusions. The market valuations, terms and 
calculations contained herein are estimates only. The information provided comes from sources deemed reliable, but Bank Syz Ltd. does not guarantee 
its completeness, accuracy, reliability and actuality. Past performance gives no indication of nor guarantees current or future results. Bank Syz Ltd. 
accepts no liability for any loss arising from the use of this document. 
 
