[Page 1]
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
1
MORNING REPORT
17 September 2026
Key themes

The Fed delivered a widely 
expected 25bp rate hike to 
a midpoint of 3.875%, with 
guidance pointing to at least 
one further move by year-
end, while President Trump 
renewed calls for lower 
interest rates.
Global equities were mixed, 
with US stocks falling 
as markets increased 
expectations for further Fed 
tightening, while softer oil 
prices supported gains in 
Europe and Asia.
US Treasury yields rose 
as markets focused on the 
prospect of additional Fed 
hikes, with futures fully 
pricing a December move and 
assigning a 50% probability 
to an October increase.
The USD strengthened 
against major currencies as 
markets repriced the outlook 
for Fed tightening.
Oil prices retreated after 
Saudi Arabia outlined plans 
to restore half the capacity of 
its East-West pipeline within 
days and full capacity within 
six weeks, while the more 
hawkish Fed outlook weighed 
on gold.
Data snapshot
Data as at 7:00am AEST. Change is from the previous trading day (excluding the SFE, which is the change during the night 
session). Source: Bloomberg. 
Today's economic developments and market movements.
FX Last 24 hrs
Current
Change
AUS Interest Rate Swaps
Last
Change
TWI
65.9
0.3%
30 day BBSY
4.46
0.00
AUD/USD
0.7088
-0.6%
90 day BBSY
4.73
0.01
AUD/JPY 
110.76
0.1%
180 day BBSY
5.11
0.01
AUD/GBP
0.5296
0.1%
1 year swap
4.89
-0.06
AUD/NZD
1.2401
0.1%
2 year swap
4.99
-0.02
AUD/EUR
0.6182
0.1%
3 year swap
4.94
-0.09
AUD/CNH
4.7572
-0.6%
4 year swap
4.95
-0.10
AUD/SGD
0.9057
-0.2%
5 year swap
4.98
-0.09
AUD/HKD
5.5598
-0.6%
6 year swap
5.01
-0.09
AUD/CAD
0.9916
-0.2%
7 year swap
5.05
-0.09
EUR/USD
1.1465
-0.7%
8 year swap
5.10
-0.09
USD/JPY
156.26
0.7%
9 year swap
5.14
-0.09
USD Index
100.31
0.7%
10 year swap
5.17
-0.09
Equities 
Close
Change
Government Bond Yields
Close
Change
S&P/ASX 200 
8,697
0.3%
Australia
S&P 500
7,552
-0.4%
3 year bond
4.99
-0.06
Japan Nikkei
63,923
0.7%
10 year bond
5.35
-0.06
Hang Seng
24,714
0.2%
United States
Euro Stoxx 50
6,267
0.5%
3-month T Bill
3.96
0.01
UK FTSE100
10,688
0.3%
2 year bond
4.74
0.07
VIX Index
17.71
3.0%
10 year bond
5.02
0.02
Other (10 year yields)
Commodities
Current
Change
Germany
3.51
-0.03
CRB Index
426.14
-0.7%
Japan
3.01
-0.03
Gold
4263.54
-0.7%
UK
5.30
-0.09
Copper
14232
1.1%
Oil (WTI futures)
102.06
-3.6%
Sydney Futures Exchange 
Current
Change
Coal (coking)
273.00
0.7%
10 yr bond 
5.40
0.02
Coal (thermal)
148.90
-0.5%
3 yr bond
5.05
0.03
Iron Ore
96.35
0.4%
3 mth bill rate
4.63
0.00
ACCU
36.13
-4.3%
SPI 200 
8,626
-0.7%


[Page 2]
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
2
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
TODAY’S INSIGHTS
Financial Markets
All eyes were on the Fed overnight, with the FOMC voting 
unanimously to raise the fed funds rate by 25bps to a 
midpoint of 3.875%. Chair Warsh characterised the move as 
“remov[ing] a dose of accommodation”, implying policy is now, 
at most, neutral, while President Trump took to Truth Social 
calling for interest rates to be lowered “AND FAST!”. While 
the decision was widely expected, projections pointing to at 
least one further hike by year-end weighed on US sentiment, 
although a pullback in oil prices supported other markets.
•	US equities were softer overnight as markets increased 
expectations for further Fed tightening. The S&P 500 fell 
0.4%, with the Dow Jones leading declines, down 1.2%, 
while the NASDAQ was little changed. European equities 
advanced as oil prices eased, with the Euro Stoxx 50 rising 
0.5% and the FTSE 100 gaining 0.3%.
•	Asian markets advanced on Wednesday, led by technology 
stocks, while softer oil prices also supported sentiment. The 
KOSPI rose 1.4%, while the Nikkei 225 gained 0.7% and the 
Hang Seng added 0.2%. Locally, the ASX 200 rose 0.3%.
•	 US Treasury yields moved higher as initial relief around the 
Fed’s inflation-fighting credentials gave way to concerns 
about the prospect of additional rate hikes. The 2-year 
Treasury yield rose 7bps, while the 10-year yield gained 
2bps, moving back above 5% after initially easing ahead of 
the decision. Futures markets now price the probability of an 
October hike at 50%, while a move in December remains fully 
priced, taking the implied year-end fed funds rate to 4.20%.
•	Australian government bond yields fell as oil prices pared 
recent gains. Both the 3-year and 10-year yields declined 
6bps. Swap markets continue to price the probability of a 
September rate hike at just below 80%, while a move in 
November remains fully priced, taking the implied year-end 
cash rate to 4.72%.
•	The US dollar strengthened on the prospect of further Fed 
tightening, with the DXY up 0.7%. The AUD fell 0.6% to 
0.7088, losing its 71 handle, while the yen, sterling and euro 
each declined 0.7% against the greenback.
•	 Oil prices softened after Saudi Arabia reported it was 
seeking to restore around half the capacity of its East-West 
pipeline within days, and full capacity within six weeks. 
Brent fell 2.9% to US$106/bbl, while WTI declined 3.6% to 
US$102/bbl. Gold slipped 0.7% on the more hawkish Fed 
outlook, while copper rose 1.1% and iron ore gained 0.4%.
International Data
The FOMC voted to raise the fed funds rate by 25bps to a mid-
point of 3.875% in September, in line with market expectations. 
The updated dot plot points to at least one more hike by 
year end. 8 of the 18 members who submitted forecasts also 
signalled the risk of an additional hike by end-2027. 
Annual PCE inflation is forecast to slow from 3.7%yr in 2026 
to 2.3%yr in 2027, then 2.1%yr in 2028 and 2.0%yr in 2029. 
These forecasts are little changed since June despite today’s 
rate hike and the additional tightening forecast. Implicit here is 
that the FOMC is acting against renewed inflation risks. 
Members’ GDP forecasts were a touch higher in September 
than June, at 2.3%yr in 2026, 2.4%yr in 2027, 2.2%yr in 2028 
and 2.1%yr in 2029 – all above the FOMC’s current estimate 
of potential, 2.0%yr. The unemployment rate is consequently 
forecast to hold at 4.1% through to the end of 2029, consistent 
with full employment being maintained. 
Asked whether the current stance is restrictive, Chair Warsh 
stated that, ahead of the decision, both he and the Committee 
were “hard pressed” to describe financial conditions as restrictive. 
September’s hike was then characterised as removing a dose of 
accommodation, implying policy is now, at most, neutral. 
In gauging the degree of tightening required from here, Chair 
Warsh commented that he did not believe the Committee needed 
to do “harm” to the labour market to tame inflation. This suggests 
a definitively restrictive stance is likely not necessary. Rather, 
tightening twice by year end (including today) and continuing to 
flag a willingness to do more should prevent secondary effects 
from energy prices and the AI infrastructure buildout.
US retail sales surprised in August, headline sales up 1.2% and 
the control group 1.4%, with sales down 0.5% in July. Import 
prices were also stronger than expected in August at 0.7%, and 
the annual growth rate accelerated to 7.0%yr. Under the weight 
of elevated interest rates and cost of living pressures, NAHB’s 
housing market index edged down to 32 in September. 
Euro Area inflation was 0.1% lower in July and unchanged over 
the year, in line with expectations.
The UK CPI rose 0.5% in August, edging the annual rate back 
up to 3.1%yr. Annual core and services inflation was unchanged 
at 2.6%yr and 3.4%yr. 
Local Data
The Westpac–MI Leading Index growth rate lifted to -0.09% in 
August from -0.17% in July (see here).
In New Zealand, the current account deficit for the year to 
the June quarter was reported at 3.2% of GDP (see here). 
Separately, the Westpac McDermott-Miller Consumer 
Confidence Index rose 9 points to 89.5 in Q3 (see here).
Today’s key data and events
Time
Event
Exp
Prev
8:45
NZ GDP Q2 
0.1%
0.8%
21:00
GB BoE Policy Decision 17/09/2026
3.8%
3.8%
22:30
US Phily Fed Manufacturing Sep
32.4pts
47.4pts
22:30
US Initial Jobless Claims 12/09/2026
206.5k
206k
22:30
US Housing Starts Aug
6.6%
-12.4%
22:30
US Building Permits Aug Prel.
-1.4%
4.3%
0:00
US Pending Home Sales Aug
-0.1%
-2.3%
Times are AEST. All data forecasts are m/m or q/q and seasonally adjusted unless otherwise 
specified. Forecasts for Australian data are our forecasts and for other countries they are 
consensus forecasts. 
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist, Westpac Group
P: +61 403  657 603
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au


[Page 3]
   westpaciq.com.au
Corporate Directory
Westpac Economics / Australia
Sydney
Level 19, 275 Kent Street
Sydney NSW 2000
Australia
E: economics@westpac.com.au
Luci Ellis 
Chief Economist Westpac Group
E: luci.ellis@westpac.com.au
Matthew Hassan 
Head of Australian Macro–Forecasting
E: mhassan@westpac.com.au
Elliot Clarke 
Head of International Economics
E: eclarke@westpac.com.au
Sian Fenner
Head of Business and Industry Economics
E: sian.fenner@westpac.com.au
Justin Smirk
Senior Economist
E: jsmirk@westpac.com.au
Pat Bustamante 
Senior Economist 
E: pat.bustamante@westpac.com.au
Mantas Vanagas
Senior Economist
E: mantas.vanagas@westpac.com.au
Ryan Wells
Economist 
E: ryan.wells@westpac.com.au
Illiana Jain
Economist 
E: illiana.jain@westpac.com.au
Neha Sharma 
Economist
E: neha.sharma1@westpac.com.au
Luka Belobrajdic
Economist
E: luka.belobrajdic@westpac.com.au
Westpac Economics / New Zealand
Auckland
Takutai on the Square
Level 8, 16 Takutai Square
Auckland, New Zealand
E: economics@westpac.co.nz
Kelly Eckhold
Chief Economist NZ
E: kelly.eckhold@westpac.co.nz
Michael Gordon
Senior Economist
E: michael.gordon@westpac.co.nz
Darren Gibbs
Senior Economist
E: darren.gibbs@westpac.co.nz
Satish Ranchhod
Senior Economist
E: satish.ranchhod@westpac.co.nz
Paul Clark
Industry Economist
E: paul.clarke@westpac.co.nz
Westpac Economics / Fiji
Suva
1 Thomson Street
Suva, Fiji
Shamal Chand
Senior Economist
E: shamal.chand@westpac.com.au


[Page 4]
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
4
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
DISCLAIMER
©2026 Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141 (including 
where acting under any of its Westpac, St George, Bank of Melbourne 
or BankSA brands, collectively, “Westpac”). References to the “Westpac 
Group” are to Westpac and its subsidiaries and includes the directors, 
employees and representatives of Westpac and its subsidiaries. 
Things you should know 
We respect your privacy: You can view the New Zealand Privacy 
Policy here, or the Australian Group Privacy Statement here. 
Each time someone visits our site, data is captured so that we can 
accurately evaluate the quality of our content and make improvements 
for you. We may at times use technology to capture data about you to 
help us to better understand you and your needs, including potentially 
for the purposes of assessing your individual reading habits and 
interests to allow us to provide suggestions regarding other reading 
material which may be suitable for you.
This information, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under 
copyright of the Westpac Group. None of the material, nor its 
contents, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, transmitted 
to, copied of distributed to any other party without the prior written 
permission of the Westpac Group. 
Disclaimer 
This information has been prepared by Westpac and is intended 
for information purposes only. It is not intended to reflect any 
recommendation or financial advice and investment decisions should 
not be based on it. This information does not constitute an offer, a 
solicitation of an offer, or an inducement to subscribe for, purchase or 
sell any financial instrument or to enter into a legally binding contract. 
To the extent that this information contains any general advice, it has 
been prepared without taking into account your objectives, financial 
situation or needs and before acting on it you should consider the 
appropriateness of the advice. Certain types of transactions, including 
those involving futures, options and high yield securities give rise to 
substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. We recommend 
that you seek your own independent legal or financial advice before 
proceeding with any investment decision. 
This information may contain material provided by third parties. 
While such material is published with the necessary permission none 
of Westpac or its related entities accepts any responsibility for the 
accuracy or completeness of any such material. Although we have 
made every effort to ensure this information is free from error, none 
of Westpac or its related entities warrants the accuracy, adequacy 
or completeness of this information, or otherwise endorses it in 
any way. Except where contrary to law, Westpac Group intend by 
this notice to exclude liability for this information. This information 
is subject to change without notice and none of Westpac or its 
related entities is under any obligation to update this information or 
correct any inaccuracy which may become apparent at a later date. 
This information may contain or incorporate by reference forward 
looking statements. The words “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, 
“intend”, “plan”, “predict”, “continue”, “assume”, “positioned”, “may”, 
“will”, “should”, “shall”, “risk” and other similar expressions that are 
predictions of or indicate future events and future trends identify 
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
include all matters that are not historical facts. Past performance is 
not a reliable indicator of future performance, nor are forecasts of 
future performance. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that 
the assumptions on which any forecasts are based are reasonable, the 
forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or 
unknown risks and uncertainties. The ultimate outcomes may differ 
substantially from any forecasts. 
Conflicts of Interest: In the normal course of offering banking 
products and services to its clients, the Westpac Group may act 
in several capacities (including issuer, market maker, underwriter, 
distributor, swap counterparty and calculation agent) simultaneously 
with respect to a financial instrument, giving rise to potential 
conflicts of interest which may impact the performance of a financial 
instrument. The Westpac Group may at any time transact or hold a 
position (including hedging and trading positions) for its own account 
or the account of a client in any financial instrument which may impact 
the performance of that financial instrument. 
Author(s) disclaimer and declaration: The author(s) confirms that 
(a) no part of his/her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to any views or (if applicable) recommendations 
expressed in this material; (b) this material accurately reflects his/her 
personal views about the financial products, companies or issuers (if 
applicable) and is based on sources reasonably believed to be reliable 
and accurate; (c) to the best of the author’s knowledge, they are not in 
receipt of inside information and this material does not contain inside 
information; and (d) no other part of the Westpac Group has made any 
attempt to influence this material. 
Further important information regarding sustainability related 
content: This material may contain statements relating to 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics. These are subject 
to known and unknown risks, and there are significant uncertainties, 
limitations, risks and assumptions in the metrics, modelling, data, 
scenarios, reporting and analysis on which the statements rely. In 
particular, these areas are rapidly evolving and maturing, and there 
are variations in approaches and common standards and practice, as 
well as uncertainty around future related policy and legislation. Some 
material may include information derived from publicly available 
sources that have not been independently verified. No representation 
or warranty is made as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability 
of the information. There is a risk that the analysis, estimates, 
judgements, assumptions, views, models, scenarios or projections 
used may turn out to be incorrect. These risks may cause actual 
outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied. The 
ESG-related statements in this material do not constitute advice, 
nor are they guarantees or predictions of future performance, and 
Westpac gives no representation, warranty or assurance (including 
as to the quality, accuracy or completeness of the statements). You 
should seek your own independent advice. 
Additional country disclosures: 
Australia: Westpac holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (No. 
233714). You can access Westpac’s Financial Services Guide here or 
request a copy from your Westpac point of contact. To the extent that this 
information contains any general advice, it has been prepared without 
taking into account your objectives, financial situation or needs and before 
acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the advice. 
New Zealand: In New Zealand, Westpac Institutional Bank refers to 
the brand under which products and services are provided by either 
Westpac (NZ division) or Westpac New Zealand Limited (company 
number 1763882), the New Zealand incorporated subsidiary of 
Westpac (“WNZL”). Any product or service made available by WNZL 
does not represent an offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries 
(other than WNZL). Neither Westpac nor its other subsidiaries 
guarantee or otherwise support the performance of WNZL in respect 
of any such product. WNZL is not an authorised deposit-taking 
institution for the purposes of Australian prudential standards. The 
current disclosure statements for the New Zealand branch of Westpac 
and WNZL can be obtained at www.westpac.co.nz.
Singapore: This material has been prepared and issued for 
distribution in Singapore to institutional investors, accredited 
investors and expert investors (as defined in the applicable Singapore 
laws and regulations) only. Recipients of this material in Singapore 
should contact Westpac Singapore Branch in respect of any 
matters arising from, or in connection with, this material. Westpac 
Singapore Branch holds a wholesale banking licence and is subject to 
supervision by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Disclaimer continues overleaf 


[Page 5]
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The forecasts given above are predictive in character. Whilst every effort has been taken to ensure that the assumptions on which the forecasts are based are reasonable, 
the forecasts may be affected by incorrect assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. The results ultimately achieved may differ substantially from these forecasts.
5
WESTPAC ECONOMICS
DISCLAIMER
Fiji: Unless otherwise specified, the products and services for 
Westpac Fiji are available from www.westpac.com.fj © Westpac 
Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This information does not 
take your personal circumstances into account and before acting on it 
you should consider the appropriateness of the information for your 
financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 
141 is incorporated in NSW Australia and registered as a branch in 
Fiji. The liability of its members is limited. 
Papua New Guinea: Unless otherwise specified, the products and 
services for Westpac PNG are available from www.westpac.com.
pg © Westpac Banking Corporation ABN 33 007 457 141. This 
information does not take your personal circumstances into account 
and before acting on it you should consider the appropriateness of the 
information for your financial situation. Westpac Banking Corporation 
ABN 33 007 457 141 is incorporated in NSW Australia. Westpac is 
represented in Papua New Guinea by Westpac Bank - PNG - Limited. 
The liability of its members is limited. 
U.S: Westpac operates in the United States of America as a federally 
licensed branch, regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency. Westpac is also registered with the US Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (“CFTC”) as a Swap Dealer, but is neither 
registered as, or affiliated with, a Futures Commission Merchant 
registered with the US CFTC. The services and products referenced 
above are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
(“FDIC”). Westpac Capital Markets, LLC (‘WCM’), a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of Westpac, is a broker-dealer registered under the U.S. 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (‘the Exchange Act’) and member of 
the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (‘FINRA’). In accordance 
with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association with Related 
Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WCM other than as provided 
for in certain legal agreements between Westpac and WCM and 
obligations of WCM do not represent liabilities of Westpac. 
This communication is provided for distribution to U.S. institutional 
investors in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by 
Rule 15a-6 under the Exchange Act and is not subject to all of the 
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research 
reports prepared for retail investors in the United States. WCM is the 
U.S. distributor of this communication and accepts responsibility for 
the contents of this communication. Transactions by U.S. customers of 
any securities referenced herein should be effected through WCM. All 
disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WCM. If 
you would like to speak to someone regarding any security mentioned 
herein, please contact WCM on +1 212 389 1269. Investing in any 
non-U.S. securities or related financial instruments mentioned in this 
communication may present certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. 
issuers may not be registered with, or be subject to the regulations 
of, the SEC in the United States. Information on such non-U.S. 
securities or related financial instruments may be limited. Non-U.S. 
companies may not be subject to audit and reporting standards and 
regulatory requirements comparable to those in effect in the United 
States. The value of any investment or income from any securities 
or related derivative instruments denominated in a currency other 
than U.S. dollars is subject to exchange rate fluctuations that may 
have a positive or adverse effect on the value of or income from such 
securities or related derivative instruments. 
The author of this communication is employed by Westpac and is not 
registered or qualified as a research analyst, representative, or associated 
person of WCM or any other U.S. broker-dealer under the rules of 
FINRA, any other U.S. self-regulatory organisation, or the laws, rules or 
regulations of any State. Unless otherwise specifically stated, the views 
expressed herein are solely those of the author and may differ from the 
information, views or analysis expressed by Westpac and/or its affiliates. 
UK: The London branch of Westpac is authorised in the United 
Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) and is subject 
to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and limited 
regulation by the PRA (Financial Services Register number: 124586).  
The London branch of Westpac is registered at Companies House as 
a branch established in the United Kingdom (Branch No. BR000106). 
Details about the extent of the regulation of Westpac’s London branch 
by the PRA are available from us on request. 
This communication is not being made to or distributed to, and must 
not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. Rather, 
this communication is being made only to and is directed at (a) those 
persons falling within the definition of Investment Professionals 
(set out in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”)); (b) those 
persons falling within the definition of high net worth companies, 
unincorporated associations etc. (set out in Article 49(2)of the Order; (c) 
other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated in accordance 
with the Order or (d) any persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully 
be made (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant 
persons”). Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or 
rely on this communication or any of its contents. In the same way, the 
information contained in this communication is intended for “eligible 
counterparties” and “professional clients” as defined by the rules of 
the Financial Conduct Authority and is not intended for “retail clients”.  
Westpac expressly prohibits you from passing on the information in this 
communication to any third party. 
European Economic Area (“EEA”): This material may be distributed 
to you by either: (i) Westpac directly, or (ii) Westpac Europe GmbH 
(“WEG”) under a sub-licensing arrangement.  WEG has not edited or 
otherwise modified the content of this material. WEG is authorised 
in Germany by the Federal Financial Supervision Authority (‘BaFin’) 
and subject to its regulation.  WEG’s supervisory authorities are BaFin 
and the German Federal Bank (‘Deutsche Bundesbank’).  WEG is 
registered with the commercial register (‘Handelsregister’) of the local 
court of Frankfurt am Main under registration number HRB 118483.  
In accordance with APRA’s Prudential Standard 222 ‘Association 
with Related Entities’, Westpac does not stand behind WEG other 
than as provided for in certain legal agreements (a risk transfer, sub-
participation and collateral agreement) between Westpac and WEG 
and obligations of WEG do not represent liabilities of Westpac.  Any 
product or service made available by WEG does not represent an 
offer from Westpac or any of its subsidiaries (other than WEG). All 
disclaimers set out with respect to Westpac apply equally to WEG.
This communication is not intended for distribution to, or use by any 
person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution 
or use would be contrary to local law or regulation. 
This communication contains general commentary, research, and 
market colour.  The communication does not constitute investment 
advice.  The material may contain an ‘investment recommendation’ 
and/or ‘information recommending or suggesting an investment’, both 
as defined in Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (including as applicable 
in the United Kingdom) (“MAR”). In accordance with the relevant 
provisions of MAR, reasonable care has been taken to ensure that the 
material has been objectively presented and that interests or conflicts 
of interest of the sender concerning the financial instruments to which 
that information relates have been disclosed.
Investment recommendations must be read alongside the specific 
disclosure which accompanies them and the general disclosure which 
can be found here. Such disclosure fulfils certain additional information 
requirements of MAR and associated delegated legislation and by 
accepting this communication you acknowledge that you are aware of 
the existence of such additional disclosure and its contents.
To the extent this communication comprises an investment 
recommendation it is classified as non-independent research. It has 
not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed 
to promote the independence of investment research and therefore 
constitutes a marketing communication. Further, this communication is 
not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of 
investment research.
