[Page 1]
Marketing material for professional clients only.
Monica Defend
Head of Amundi Investment Institute
Key 
dates
21 June 2024
Iran conflict: Diversification at play
Weekly Market Directions
Amundi Investment Institute
Six months after the conflict in the Middle East began, the
macroeconomic backdrop has proved more resilient than
expected, particularly in the Eurozone where we are seeing
stronger Q2 data and improving leading indicators. Inflation
is expected to peak at lower levels, but remain above target
in major economies with geopolitical tensions and climate 
patterns
still
posing
risks
to
energy
and
food
prices.
Meanwhile, earnings growth has remained solid, broadening
beyond technology and across countries,
while yields have
risen, amid fiscal and supply concerns, as well as shifting 
monetary policy expectations. 
Looking ahead, a diversified approach across regions and 
asset classes could help navigating a period in which the 
credibility
of
policymakers
and
the
fundamentals
of
companies,
particularly
in
the
artificial
intelligence
ecosystem, will come under increasing scrutiny. 
In the six months since the start of 
the Iran war, global growth has 
remained resilient, while inflation 
has stayed above target.
“Diversification and selectivity could help navigate a period of increasing scrutiny over 
policymakers’ credibility and the sustainability of earnings in the AI ecosystem.”
Balanced Portfolio in the Iran War
Source: Amundi Investment Institute, Bloomberg, as of 28 
August 2026. Portfolio proxied by the Bloomberg 50 equity 
and 50 bond Eurozone index.
Equities rose on earnings and AI 
optimism, while bonds suffered on 
fears of fiscal slippage and higher 
supply.
A European diversified portfolio 
delivered strong returns, offsetting 
bond weakness and benefiting from 
the equity rally.
1 Sep
Brazil GDP, Eurozone 
Manufacturing PMI and 
CPI, US ISM 
Manufacturing
3 Sep
Eurozone Services and 
Composite PMI, 
Eurozone PPI , US ISM 
Services
4 Sep
Eurozone retail sales, US 
Nonfarm payrolls and 
unemployment rate
YTD
-20,0%
-15,0%
-10,0%
-5,0%
0,0%
5,0%
10,0%
15,0%
20,0%
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026


[Page 2]
This week at a glance
Amundi Investment Institute Macro Focus
Amundi Investment Institute
Weekly Market Directions
EQUITIES
BONDS
Europe
Asia
Americas
Amundi Investment Institute
Weekly Market Directions
World
United States
Europe
Japan
Emerging markets 
Global aggregate 
Euro aggregate
 Emerging markets
2YR
10YR
2026
WTD
Equity and 
bond markets
Asset class 
performances, 
year-to-date and 
week-to-date
Government 
bond yields
2- and 10-year 
government bond 
yields, and 1-week 
changes
Source: Bloomberg, data as of 28 August 2026. Please refer to the last page for additional information on the 
indices.
Source: Bloomberg, data as of 28 August 2026. Please refer to the last page for additional information on the 
indices. The trend shown refers to 1-week changes. Please refer to the last page for additional information. 
YTD
France’s inflation rises, driven mainly by energy
In France, inflation rose in August, from 2.4% to 2.7%, 
with a monthly increase of 0.8%. The rise was driven 
primarily by energy prices, particularly petroleum 
products. Meanwhile, food prices increased slightly, 
while inflation in the services sector slowed. As a result,  
the signal on core inflation is less concerning than the 
headline figure suggests. Rising oil and gas prices pose 
an upside risk to inflation and a downside risk to growth, 
which is likely to keep the ECB cautious.
US inflation persists at a high level
The PCE price index increased slightly on a monthly basis 
and remained at 3.7% YoY, slightly above the expected 
3.6%; core PCE remained at 3.3%. There has been no 
further significant acceleration, but inflation remains too 
high, supporting a Fed hold in September. On the 
consumption side, US personal spending rose 0.2% MoM, 
but adjusted for inflation it remained flat. Spending has 
been concentrated in essential and asset-price-linked 
services rather than discretionary demand.
Bank of Korea raises interest rates
The Bank of Korea raised its policy rate by 25bp to 3%, 
while signaling a low pace of tightening from here in its 
six-month dot plot. A preemptive response was deemed 
necessary 
to 
prevent 
inflation 
pressures 
from 
broadening, while financial-stability risks still required 
attention. The BOK raised its 2026 growth forecast to 
3.3% from 2.6% but kept inflation at 2.7%, as the AI-chip 
boom and stronger domestic demand may offset 
disinflation from lower oil prices and a firmer currency.
Commodities, FX and short-term rates, levels and weekly changes
Source: Bloomberg, data as of 28 August 2026. Please refer to the last page for additional information on the 
indices. 
Equity markets gained after fresh earnings data reinforced confidence in the 
AI boom and helped restore investor sentiment. In fixed income, shorter-
dated US yields moved higher after new Fed Chair Kevin Warsh struck a 
hawkish tone at Jackson Hole, causing the curve to flatten. Oil fell on 
renewed optimism around diplomacy with Iran, while gold retreated as 
markets priced in further central bank rate hikes. In FX, the US dollar edged 
slightly higher.
13,7%
12,7%
10,6%
21,6%
22,6%
-0,2%
-0,4%
2,9%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%


[Page 3]
Amundi Investment Institute
Weekly Market Directions
Discover more insights from 
the Amundi Investment Institute.
NOTES
Page 2
Equity and bond markets (chart)
Source: Bloomberg. Markets are represented by the 
following indices: World Equities = MSCI AC World 
Index (USD) United States = S&P 500 (USD), Europe = 
Europe Stoxx 600 (EUR), Japan = TOPIX (YEN), Emerging 
Markets = MSCI Emerging (USD), Global Aggregate = 
Bloomberg Global Aggregate USD Euro Aggregate = 
Bloomberg Euro Aggregate (EUR), Emerging = JPM 
EMBI Global Diversified (USD).
All indices are calculated on spot prices and are gross 
of fees and taxation.
Government bond yields (table), Commodities, FX 
and short-term rates.
Source: Bloomberg, data as of 28 August 2026. The 
chart shows the price of gold.
Diversification does not guarantee a profit or 
protect against a loss.
GLOSSARY
BoJ: Bank of Japan
CPI: Consumer Price Index
ECB: European Central Bank
EZ: Euro Area
FED: Federal Reserve
GDP: Gross Domestic Product
ISM: Sentiment index of enterprises
MoM: Month-on-Month
YoY: Year-on- Year
PMI: Sentiment index of enterprises
PPI: Producer Price Index
PCE: Personal Consumption Expenditure
US: United States of America
UK: United Kingdom
YTD: Year to date
WTD: Week to date
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This document is solely for informational purposes.
This document does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy, or a recommendation of 
any security or any other product or service. Any securities, products, or services referenced may not be 
registered for sale with the relevant authority in your jurisdiction and may not be regulated or supervised 
by any governmental or similar authority in your jurisdiction.
Any information contained in this document may only be used for your internal use, may not be 
reproduced or redisseminated in any form and may not be used as a basis for or a component of any 
financial instruments or products or indices.
Furthermore, nothing in this document is intended to provide tax, legal, or investment advice.
Unless otherwise stated, all information contained in this document is from Amundi Asset Management SAS 
and is as of 28 August July 2026. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss. This 
document is provided on an “as is” basis and the user of this information assumes the entire risk of any use 
made of this information. Historical data and analysis should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of 
any future performance analysis, forecast or prediction. The views expressed regarding market and economic 
trends are those of the author and not necessarily Amundi Asset Management SAS and are subject to change 
at any time based on market and other conditions, and there can be no assurance that countries, markets or 
sectors will perform as expected. These views should not be relied upon as investment advice, a security 
recommendation, or as an indication of trading for any Amundi product.
Investment involves risks, including market, political, liquidity and currency risks.
Furthermore, in no event shall any person involved in the production of this document have any liability for 
any direct, indirect, special, incidental, punitive, consequential (including, without limitation, lost profits) or 
any other damages.
Date of first use: 28 August  2026.
Document ID: 5881008 
The content of this document is approved by Amundi Asset Management, a French société par actions 
simplifiée, a portfolio management company approved by the “Autorité des marchés financiers” or “AMF” 
under the number GP 04000036 whose registered office is located 91-93 boulevard Pasteur, 75015 Paris – 
France –, under the Paris trade register number 437 574 452 RCS - www.amundi.com
Photo credit: ©iStock/Getty Images Plus
MSCI Disclaimer available here
