[Page 1]
The index performance is provided for illustrative purposes only and is not meant to depict the performance of a specific investment. Past performance is no 
guarantee of future results. 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  1 
 
 
 
Equity Market 
Commentary 
 
SLIMMON’S TAKE | APPLIED EQUITY TEAM | August 2026
An August full of distractions 
AUTHOR 
ANDREW SLIMMON 
Managing Director and  
Senior Portfolio 
Manager, Applied  
Equity Team 
 
The White House has certainly done its job to fill an otherwise quiet 
period for financial markets with plenty of content for the business media 
to cover: 
1. The US conflict with Iran wages on. 
2. The White House/Treasury has picked a new fight with the “bond 
vigilantes” by intervening in the bond market. 
3. The US has a new trade tussle with Canada. 
Ripe material to create anxiety and sow uncertainty. 
 
Or at least attempt to. 
Meanwhile the VIX, which measures the expected volatility in the S&P 
500, remains in snooze mode at 15.  This suggests, despite scary talk, 
the equity market is not buying it.1 
In effect, the discussions are filling time but have not been market moving 
events. 
Chicago Cubs baseball is more exciting right now, in my opinion. 
 
During this period of attempted distractions, we can sharpen our focus 
on what will matter as we exit the triviality of August, some of which I 
have discussed in the past. 
 
While the powerful earnings story is getting more consideration than it 
did earlier in the year, I still don’t think earnings revisions are fully priced 
in. 
As I’ve said before, by December 31, 2026, investors will no longer be 
focused on 2026 earnings; their attention will be squarely on 2027 
earnings and beyond. 
 
1 Bloomberg as of August 27th, 2026. 
1 
2 
3 
4 


[Page 2]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
The returns referred to in the commentary are those of the representative indices, unless otherwise noted and are not meant to depict the performance of a specific 
investment.  Past performance is not guarantee of future results. 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  2 
 
I think there is much more upside to the S&P 500 based on the continued upward reevaluation of 2027 earnings. 
Current projections for 2027 S&P 5002 earnings of nearly $415 support the index ending 2026 well north of 
8,000. 
Keep in mind, company guidance remains extremely robust with seemingly no let-up, pointing to another quarter 
of strong earnings growth and potentially further positive earnings revisions. 
This means $415 might be too low to start next year. 
 
We can debate whether those 2027 earnings will materialize. 
However, realistically we won’t know for certain until well into 2027, not on December 31st, 2026. 
Anyone who has suggested that earnings revisions are peaking or rolling over has been trampled by the 
earnings bulls. 
 
Second quarter earnings reports for the hyperscalers with cloud infrastructure businesses suggest to me that 
their big capital investments are paying off. 
Their growth rates for the infrastructure portion of their businesses accelerated. 
“The spend comes first. The pricing, utilization and cash flow follow.  The market may be recognizing the cost 
immediately while underestimating the operating leverage still to come.”3 
I agree. 
Yet Wall Street remains dubious, questioning the long-term payoff. 
My conclusion is that it’s the classic mismatch between Wall Street’s desire for quarterly results and corporations’ 
willingness to invest for the future. 
 
To be clear, our endorsement of and positioning in these large hyperscalers has negatively impacted Applied 
Equity’s US equity performance year-to-date. 
Mega-cap technology returns cumulatively have been disappointing. 
We recognize these are large positions in the portfolios. 
Particularly Nvidia and Google.4 
In the past, we have trimmed these stocks on the heels of good stock performance, when the position sizes have 
gotten very large. 
But given their lackluster performance for much of the summer, we have chosen largely to stick with them for 
now. 
 
2 Factset as of August 27th, 2026. 
3 Citadel Securities August 24th, 2026. 
4 As of 7/31/2026: NVIDIA and Google are: 11.57% and 11.65% of Applied US Core Equity total assets, 10.98% and 9.91% of Applied 
Global Concentrated Equity total assets, and 7.11% and 8.93% of Applied Global Core Equity total assets. 
5 
6 
7 


[Page 3]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  3 
 
5 Bloomberg. 
6 ChatGPT. 
 
While there are many ways we analyze stocks, my core belief is that a stock price regresses to the present 
value of all future expectations. 
It’s not about the growth rate of a company. 
It’s about what the company is expected to grow versus what it actually delivers. 
If a company delivers better-than-expected fundamentals, the present value eventually goes up. 
Likewise, if fundamentals are worse than expected, the stock price goes down. 
For Nvidia and Google,4 fundamentals have significantly exceeded expectations year-to-date, resulting in 
double-digit upward revisions for both.5 
Yet both stock prices have exhibited underwhelming responses. 
As I often say, we are not married to any style, sector or stock. 
However, we will be patient as long as companies keep exceeding what is expected fundamentally. 
That is where we are today. 
 
As it pertains to Ai, we remain committed to the concept of "investing in scarcity." 
Cycles end when capacity (supply) catches up to demand.   
Or at least when Wall Street sniffs out a looming equilibrium. 
We see plenty of continued mismatches between supply and demand. 
Whether it be: 
• 
Semiconductor production 
• 
Advanced Ai chips 
• 
Memory 
• 
Compute power 
 
Yet we learned with the meltdown of some well-known (and heralded) hedge funds in July that these concepts 
and their associated stocks are highly correlated. 
Shorting software stocks against a long basket of Ai beneficiaries is NOT a hedge.  
It's just more of the same theme. 
Add a little leverage and voila, a reversal causes big losses and liquidations. 
The glamour of potential big returns overrides risk controls until something like that happens. 
 
As Warren Buffett liked to say, “only when the tide goes out do you discover who’s been swimming naked.”6 
 
All three AEA active strategies outperformed and produced positive returns in July despite some pain in our 
Ai/tech positions. 
That's because our non-correlated stocks kicked in, offsetting the pain.   
8 
9 
10 
11 


[Page 4]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  4 
Financials, a big overweight for us, captured much of the rotation. 
As did energy. 
 
I can’t see “NIMBY” (not in my backyard) as it pertains to the data center buildout dying until after the mid-
term elections. 
Last time I checked, a data center does not vote. 
What if politicians slow the Ai infrastructure buildout? 
Is “NIMBY” good or bad for the big hyperscalers? 
While on the surface, slowing the data center buildout might be perceived as bad, I actually think it’s good 
for the hyperscalers. 
The big boys can compensate local communities, and they have the resources to comply with local 
regulations to get their data centers built. 
Less so for the smaller spec builders. 
If compute supply will not ramp up as quickly as we thought, then those who have it will have more pricing 
power. 
 
 
Boy did I whiff this one....... 
I took new Federal Reserve Chairman Warsh's desire to reduce the Fed’s balance sheet as likely bullish for 
the dollar and negative for gold. 
That is, until the Treasury Secretary announced his bond buying program. 
Which massively reversed the strong dollar trade. 
……Pardon me, while I climb back into my equity box after being whipsawed and smacked down. 
 
This leads me to try to answer the inevitable question of what could derail my overall bullish equity thesis? 
My biggest worry remains the Fed and whether they will raise rates. 
Easy to dismiss, simply because Warsh is a "Trump guy". 
However, I think that is too trite. 
Remember, there are voting members on the Fed who were in the "transitory inflation" camp in 2021. 
They were wrong then, and avoiding another miss will most likely lead them to pressure Warsh if inflation 
numbers prove more persistent than expected. 
 
In the meantime, the “threat” of a Fed rate hike will likely keep interest rates at elevated levels. 
There are implications for equities: 
1. While I think the S&P 500 can continue to move higher, it will have to come on earnings strength. I doubt 
we see any P/E expansion. 
2. Speculative stocks will suffer as investors remember just how they did in 2022 when the Fed hiked. 
Growth investors are likely to favor the cash-rich, but slower growing mega-cap tech. 
12 
13 
14 
15 


[Page 5]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  5 
 
 
 
Andrew 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 Bloomberg. 
3. Higher rates will benefit banks and financials in the value area. 
4. And perhaps most importantly, controlling risk becomes more important than in a clear rate cutting 
environment. 
 
I remain convicted that big bull market cycles end in euphoria. 
 
That’s the bubble. 
And that is just not happening yet. 
Today the S&P 500 trades at a lower forward P/E valuation than it did at the beginning of the year.7  
Tough to argue we are in a bubble when multiples are compressing!! 
16 


[Page 6]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  6 
 
 
 
Risk Considerations 
Diversification does not eliminate the risk of loss. There is no assurance that a portfolio will achieve its investment objective. Portfolios are subject to 
market risk, which is the possibility that the market values of securities owned by the portfolio will decline and may therefore be less that what you paid for 
them. Market values can change daily due to economic and other events (e.g. natural disasters, health crises, terrorism, conflicts and social unrest) that 
affect markets, countries, companies or governments. It is difficult to predict the timing, duration, and potential adverse effects (e.g. portfolio liquidity) of 
events. Accordingly, you can lose money investing in this portfolio. Please be aware that this portfolio may be subject to certain additional risks. In general, 
equities securities’ values also fluctuate in response to activities specific to a company. Stocks of small- and medium-capitalization companies entail 
special risks, such as limited product lines, markets and financial resources, and greater market volatility than securities of larger, more established 
companies. Investments in foreign markets entail special risks such as currency, political, economic, market and liquidity risks. Illiquid securities may be 
more difficult to sell and value than publicly traded securities (liquidity risks). Non-diversified portfolios often invest in a more limited number of issuers. As 
such, changes in the financial condition or market value of a single issuer may cause greater volatility. Ai: Investing in companies in anticipation of a 
catalyst event, such as AI adoption, carries the risk that such catalysts may not occur, may be delayed, or that the market may react differently than 
expected. Companies focused on AI may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources, and their management and performance may be 
particularly impacted by events that adversely affect AI adoption, such as rapid changes in product technology cycles, product obsolescence, government 
regulation, cybersecurity concerns and competition. 
 
DEFINITIONS 
The indexes are unmanaged and do not include any expenses, fees or sales 
charges. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Any index referred 
to herein is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of 
the applicable licensor. Any product based on an index is in no way 
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the applicable licensor and it 
shall not have any liability with respect thereto. The S&P 500® Index 
measures performance of the large cap segment of the U.S. equities 
market, covering approximately 75% of the U.S. market, including 500 
leading companies in the U.S. economy. The Russell 1000 Index is an 
index of approximately 1,000 of the largest companies in the U.S. equity 
market. The Russell 1000 is a subset of the Russell 3000 Index. It 
represents the top companies by market capitalization. The Russell 1000 
typically comprises approximately 90% of the total market capitalization of 
all listed U.S. stocks. The Russell 1000® Growth Index measures the 
performance of the large- cap growth segment of the US equity universe. It 
includes those Russell 1000 companies with relatively higher price-to-book 
ratios, higher I/B/E/S forecast medium term (2 year) growth and higher sales 
per share historical growth (5 years). The Russell 1000® Value Index 
measures the performance of the large- cap value segment of the US equity 
universe. It includes those Russell. 1000 companies with relatively lower 
price-to-book ratios, lower I/B/E/S. The Russell All-Cap Equal-weight 
Index measures the performance of the U.S. equity market across the full 
capitalization spectrum by including large‑, mid‑, and small‑capitalization 
stocks from the Russell All‑Cap universe, with equal weighting applied 
rather than market‑capitalization weighting. Under FTSE Russell’s 
equal‑weight methodology, each constituent has an approximately 
identical weight, which reduces the influence of the largest companies and 
increases exposure to smaller‑capitalization stocks relative to traditional 
cap‑weighted indices. The index is rules‑based, transparent, and 
periodically rebalanced to maintain equal weights and reflect changes in 
the underlying investable universe. The MSCI World Index is a free float 
adjusted market capitalization weighted index that is designed to measure 
the global equity market performance of developed markets. The term “free 
float” represents the portion of shares outstanding that are deemed to be 
available for purchase in the public equity markets by investors. The 
performance of the Index is listed in U.S. dollars and assumes 
reinvestment of net dividends. The MSCI Europe Index captures large and 
mid cap representation across 15 Developed Markets (DM) countries in 
Europe. The Shanghai Composite Index is a capitalization-weighted stock 
market index designed to track the price performance of all A-shares and 
B-shares listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Standard deviation is a 
measure that is used to quantify the amount of variation or dispersion of a 
set of data values. The MSCI China Index captures large and mid cap 
representation across China A shares, H shares, B shares, Red chips, P 
chips and foreign listings (e.g. ADRs).The NASDAQ Index is a market 
capitalization-weighted index encompassing over 2,500 stocks, with a 
strong focus on the technology sector. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
There is no guarantee that any investment strategy will work under all 
market conditions, and each investor should evaluate their ability to invest for 
the long- term, especially during periods of downturn in the market. 
A separately managed account may not be appropriate for all investors. 
Separate accounts managed according to the particular Strategy may 
include securities that may not necessarily track the performance of a 
particular index. Please consider the investment objectives, risks and 
fees of the Strategy carefully before investing. A minimum asset level 
is required. 
For important information about the investment managers, please 
refer to Form ADV Part 2. 
The views and opinions and/or analysis expressed are those of the author or 
the investment team as of the date of preparation of this material and are 
subject to change at any time without notice due to market or economic 
conditions and may not necessarily come to pass. Furthermore, the views 
will not be updated or otherwise revised to reflect information that 
subsequently becomes available or circumstances existing, or changes 
occurring, after the date of publication. The views expressed do not reflect 
the opinions of all investment personnel at Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (MSIM) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “the 
Firm”), and may not be reflected in all the strategies and products that the 
Firm offers. 
Forecasts and/or estimates provided herein are subject to change and may 
not actually come to pass. Information regarding expected market returns 
and market outlooks is based on the research, analysis and opinions of the 
authors or the investment team. These conclusions are speculative in 
nature, may not come to pass and are not intended to predict the future 
performance of any specific strategy or product the Firm offers. Future results 
may differ significantly depending on factors such as changes in securities or 
financial markets or general economic conditions. 
This material has been prepared on the basis of publicly available 
information, internally developed data and other third-party sources 
believed to be reliable. However, no assurances are provided regarding the 
reliability of such information and the Firm has not sought to independently 
verify information taken from public and third-party sources. 
This material is a general communication, which is not impartial and all 
information provided has been prepared solely for informational and educational 
purposes and does not constitute an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell 
any particular security or to adopt any specific investment strategy. The 
information herein has not been based on a consideration of any individual 
investor circumstances and is not investment advice, nor should it be 
construed in any way as tax, accounting, legal or regulatory advice. To that 
end, investors should seek independent legal and financial advice, including 
advice as to tax consequences, before making any investment decision. 
The indexes are unmanaged and do not include any expenses, fees or sales 
charges. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Any index referred to 
herein is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of the 
applicable licensor. Any product based on an index is in no way sponsored, 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the applicable licensor and it shall not have any 
liability with respect thereto. 
This material is not a product of Morgan Stanley’s Research Department 
and should not be regarded as a research material or a recommendation. 
The Firm has not authorized financial intermediaries to use and to distribute 


[Page 7]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  7 
 
this material, unless such use and distribution is made in accordance with 
applicable law and regulation. Additionally, financial intermediaries are 
required to satisfy themselves that the information in this material is 
appropriate for any person to whom they provide this material in view of that 
person’s circumstances and purpose. The Firm shall not be liable for, and 
accepts no liability for, the use or misuse of this material by any such 
financial intermediary. 
This material may be translated into other languages. Where such a 
translation is made this English version remains definitive. If there are any 
discrepancies between the English version and any version of this material in 
another language, the English version shall prevail. 
The whole or any part of this material may not be directly or indirectly reproduced, 
copied, modified, used to create a derivative work, performed, displayed, 
published, posted, licensed, framed, distributed or transmitted or any of its 
contents disclosed to third parties without the Firm’s express written 
consent. This material may not be linked to unless such hyperlink is for 
personal and non-commercial use. All information contained herein is 
proprietary and is protected under copyright and other applicable law. 
DISTRIBUTION 
This material is only intended for and will only be distributed to 
persons resident in jurisdictions where such distribution or 
availability would not be contrary to local laws or regulations. 
MSIM, the asset management division of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: 
MS), and its affiliates have arrangements in place to market each 
other’s products and services. Each MSIM affiliate is regulated as 
appropriate in the jurisdiction it operates. MSIM’s affiliates are: 
Calvert Research and Management, Eaton Vance Management, 
Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC, Parametric SAS, and Atlanta 
Capital Management LLC. 
EMEA:  
This material is for Professional Clients/Accredited Investors only.  
In the EU, MSIM materials are issued by MSIM Fund Management 
(Ireland) Limited (“FMIL”). FMIL is regulated by the Central Bank of 
Ireland and is incorporated in Ireland as a private company limited by 
shares with company registration number 616661 and has its registered 
address at 24-26 City Quay, Dublin 2, DO2 NY19, Ireland. 
Outside the EU, MSIM materials are issued by Morgan Stanley 
Investment Management Limited (MSIM Ltd) is authorised and regulated 
by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England. Registered 
No. 1981121. Registered Office: 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 4QA. 
In Switzerland, MSIM materials are issued by Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, London (Zurich Branch) Authorised and regulated by the 
Eidgenössische Finanzmarktaufsicht ("FINMA"). Registered Office: 
Beethovenstrasse 33, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland. 
Italy: MSIM FMIL (Milan Branch), (Sede Secondaria di Milano) Palazzo 
Serbelloni Corso Venezia, 16 20121 Milano, Italy. The Netherlands: 
MSIM FMIL (Amsterdam Branch), Rembrandt Tower, 11th Floor 
Amstelplein 1 1096HA, Netherlands. France: MSIM FMIL (Paris Branch), 
61 rue de Monceau 75008 Paris, France. Spain: MSIM FMIL (Madrid 
Branch), Calle Serrano 55, 28006, Madrid, Spain. Germany: MSIM FMIL 
Frankfurt Branch, Große Gallusstraße 18, 60312 Frankfurt am Main, 
Germany (Gattung: Zweigniederlassung (FDI) gem. § 53b KWG). 
Denmark: MSIM FMIL (Copenhagen Branch), Gorrissen Federspiel, 
Axel Towers, Axeltorv2, 1609 Copenhagen V, Denmark. 
MIDDLE EAST 
Dubai International Financial Centre: This information does not constitute 
or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to 
subscribe for or purchase, any securities or investment products in the UAE 
(including the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global 
Market) and accordingly should not be construed as such. Furthermore, this 
information is being made available on the basis that the recipient 
acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities to which it 
may relate have not been approved, licensed by or registered with the UAE 
Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or any 
other relevant licensing authority or government agency in the UAE. The 
content of this report has not been approved by or filed with the UAE Central 
Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority or the Financial Services Regulatory Authority. 
Abu Dhabi Global Market ("ADGM"): This material is sent strictly within the 
context of, and constitutes, an Exempt Communication. This material relates 
to (strategy) which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the 
Financial Services Regulatory Authority of the Abu Dhabi Global Market (the 
“FSRA”). 
Saudi Arabia  
This financial promotion was issued and approved for use in Saudi Arabia by 
Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, Al Rashid Tower, Kings Sand Street, Riyadh, 
Saudi Arabia, authorized and regulated by the Capital Market Authority 
license number 06044-37. 
U.S. 
NOT FDIC INSURED | OFFER NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE 
VALUE | NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY 
| NOT A BANK DEPOSIT 
Canada: For use only with “Permitted Clients” under Canadian Law and may 
not be used with the general public. This presentation is communicated in 
Canada by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. (“MSIM”), which 
conducts 
its activities in Canada pursuant to the international adviser 
exemption and International Investment Fund Manager Exemption. This 
presentation does not constitute an offer to provide investment advisory 
available. MSIM may only advise separately managed accounts of 
“Permitted Clients” and may only manage accounts which invest in non-
Canadian issuers. “Permitted clients” as defined under Canadian National 
Instrument 31-103 generally include Canadian financial institutions or 
individuals with $5 million (CAD) in financial assets and entities with at least 
$25 million (CAD) in net assets. Permitted Clients may only invest in a 
separately managed account referenced in this presentation by entering 
into an investment management agreement with MSIM, of which this 
presentation is not a part. Materials which describe the investment 
expertise, strategies and/or other aspects of MSIM-managed separately 
managed accounts may be provided to you upon request for your 
consideration of the available investment advisory services offered by 
MSIM. MSIM and certain of its affiliates may serve as the portfolio manager 
to separately managed accounts described in this presentation and may be 
entitled to receive fees in connection therewith. 
LATIN AMERICA (BRAZIL, CHILE COLOMBIA, MEXICO, PERU,  
AND URUGUAY) 
This material is for use with an institutional investor or a qualified investor 
only. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive 
use and review of the intended addressee, and may not be passed on to any 
third party. This material is provided for informational purposes only and does 
not constitute a public offering, solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell 
for any product, service, security and/or strategy. A decision to invest should 
only be made after reading the strategy documentation and conducting in-
depth and independent due diligence. 
ASIA PACIFIC: 
Hong Kong: This document has been issued by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited, 
CE No. AAD291, for use in Hong Kong and shall only be made available to 
“professional investors” as defined under the Securities and Futures Ordinance 
of Hong Kong (Cap 571). The contents of this document have not been reviewed 
nor approved by any regulatory authority including the Securities and Futures 
Commission in Hong Kong. Accordingly, save where an exemption is available 
under the relevant law, this document shall not be issued, circulated, distributed, 
directed at, or made available to, the public in Hong Kong. 
Singapore: This material is disseminated in Singapore by Morgan Stanley 
Investment Management Company, Registration No. 199002743C. This 
material should not be considered to be the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to the public or any 
member of the public in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor 
under section 304 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of 
Singapore (“SFA”), (ii) to a “relevant person” (which includes an accredited 
investor) pursuant to section 305 of the SFA, and such distribution is in 
accordance with the conditions specified in section 305 of the SFA; or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. This material has not been reviewed by 
the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Australia: This material is provided by Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (Australia) Pty Ltd ABN 22122040037, AFSL No. 314182 
and its affiliates and does not constitute an offer of interests. Morgan 
Stanley Investment Management (Australia) Pty Limited arranges for 
MSIM affiliates to provide financial services to Australian wholesale clients. 


[Page 8]
EQUITY MARKET COMMENTARY 
 
August 2026  |  SLIMMON’S TAKE  8 
 
This material will not be lodged with the Australian Securities and 
Investments Commission. 
Japan: For professional investors, this material is circulated or distributed 
solely for informational purposes. For non-professional investors, this 
material is provided in connection with Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (Japan) Co., Ltd. (“MSIMJ”)’s business with respect to 
discretionary investment management agreements (“IMA”) and investment 
advisory agreements (“IAA”).This does not constitute a recommendation 
or solicitation of transactions nor offers any particular financial instruments. 
Under an IMA, with respect to the management of client assets, the client 
prescribes basic management policies in advance and commissions 
MSIMJ to make all investment decisions based on an analysis of the value, 
etc. of the securities, and MSIMJ accepts such commission. The client 
shall delegate to MSIMJ the authorities necessary to make such 
investment decisions. MSIMJ exercises these delegated authorities 
accordingly, and the client shall not make individual instructions. All 
investment profits and losses belong to the clients; principal is not 
guaranteed. Please consider the investment objectives and nature of risks 
before investing. As an investment advisory fee for an IAA or an IMA, the 
amount of assets subject to the contract multiplied by a certain rate (the 
upper limit is 2.20% per annum (including tax)) shall be incurred in 
proportion to the contract period. For some strategies, a contingency fee 
may be incurred in addition to the fee mentioned above. Indirect charges 
also may be incurred, such as brokerage commissions for underlying 
securities. Since these charges and expenses vary by contract and other 
factors, MSIMJ cannot present the rates, upper limits, etc. in advance. All 
clients should read thoroughly the Documents Provided Prior to the 
Conclusion of a Contract carefully before executing an agreement. This 
material is distributed in Japan by MSIMJ, Registered No. 410 (Director of 
Kanto Regional Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Firms)), 
Membership: the Japan Securities Dealers Association, the Investment 
Management Association of Japan and the Type II Financial Instruments 
Firms Association. 
morganstanley.com/im 
 
© 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved. 
RO 5878321 Exp. 7/31/2027   
