[Page 1]
AUTHORS
The Atomic Steppe
TALES FROM THE EMERGING WORLD  |  EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY TEAM  |  September 2026
Nuclear power was a growing source of energy in the United 
States and globally through the 1960s and 1970s. However, 
given rising upfront costs and safety concerns, including the 
1979 Three Mile Island accident and 1986 Chernobyl disaster, 
nuclear fell out of favor. From the mid-1980s to 2025, the 
share of global electricity production from nuclear dropped 
from 16% to 9% (Display 1).
PAUL PSAILA 
Co-Head of  
Emerging Market Equities 
SEBASTIAN SCHAFER    
Senior Associate, 
Emerging Market Equities
DISPLAY 1
Electricity Has Been Less Reliant on Nuclear Power  
Nuclear share of total electricity globally  
Source: Our World in Data. As of June 30, 2026.
Nuclear power is experiencing a renaissance driven by two key factors: 
1. 	 An increased demand for electricity to power artificial intelligence (AI). 
2. 	A renewed focus on energy security and governmental support. 
Approximately 100 new nuclear plants are currently planned worldwide, nearly 
matching the total number built over the last 20 years. 
We believe Kazakhstan will be one of the largest beneficiaries of the apparent revival 
of nuclear energy. The country is the world’s largest uranium producer, supported by 
abundant reserves, low-cost, efficient mining techniques and geopolitical neutrality. 
Rising demand for nuclear should support the price of uranium and production 
volumes. In fact, Kazakhstan currently controls roughly 40% of the world’s uranium 
production, greater than OPEC’s share of the global oil supply.
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
18%
1985
1990
1995
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025


[Page 2]
MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT  |  EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY TEAM
2
The Atom Behind the Algorithm
AI has dramatically changed the power debate. In September 
2024, Constellation Energy, a large U.S. producer of clean 
energy, signed a 20-year power purchase agreement with 
Microsoft to restart the Three Mile Island Unit 1. The 
symbolism was hard to miss. The old reactor, shut down in 
2019 due to unprofitability, was revived to meet data center 
demand. AI has shifted the debate, because training and 
running inference on massive models requires an incredible 
amount of reliable energy. 
Last year, a single ChatGPT query consumed approximately 
0.3 watt-hours per message.1 A billion of these queries 
everyday annually means 109 gigawatt-hours, or enough 
power for 10,400 U.S. homes.2 Models are increasingly 
incorporating images and videos which require even 
more energy per query. Additionally, heavier reasoning 
capabilities and the advent of AI agents will be a further 
multiplier on memory, computing and power demands. 
Estimates vary, but heavier reasoning tasks could consume 
around 43 times more energy than simple tasks.3 All of 
these developments point to more compute (i.e., resources 
for training and deploying AI) and therefore, more power.
Data centers already account for half of the electricity 
demand growth in the U.S.4 For hyperscalers, the issue is 
not only the quantity of electricity, but also its quality. 
Data centers require stable baseload energy to keep high 
performance equipment running without interruption as 
AI workloads expand. Nuclear plants operate at a 93% 
utilization rate, easily ahead of natural gas (57%), coal 
(40%), wind (35%) and solar (25%). That makes nuclear 
the most reliable low-carbon energy option to power the 
AI revolution.
Old objections still matter. Nuclear power requires 
significant upfront capital, but its economics become 
stronger once energy density, storage and transmission 
costs are considered. Efficiency measures that compare 
energy supplied with energy used, rank nuclear ahead of 
coal, natural gas, wind and solar.5
Energy Nationalism
For much of the past decade, the case for energy transition 
rested on the desire to minimize emissions. Now, there is a 
shift in priorities: the focus is moving from decarbonization 
toward an emphasis on resilience, security and sovereignty. 
Countries want clean power, but they also want to be 
less exposed to volatile hydrocarbon markets. Conflicts in 
Ukraine and the Middle East have highlighted the need for 
energy systems without dependency on strategic rivals and 
geopolitically volatile regions.
Unlike wind and solar, nuclear is the only source of clean 
power that does not depend on weather conditions; it also 
has a long refueling cycle, typically around 18 months, and 
is in line with nearshoring industrial policies. In essence, 
nuclear gives governments something more important 
than costs: control. A nuclear-powered country is not 
beholden to weather, sudden market fluctuations or 
energy boycotts initiated by rivals.
As of mid-2026, China has almost 40 reactors under 
construction.6 The program is as much about energy security 
as it is about emissions and reducing its reliance on fossil 
fuels.7 In the U.S., nuclear is now seen as a key pillar of 
national security. The Trump administration has offered $17.5 
billion in low interest loans to speed up construction of 10 
reactors. According to U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright, 
the loans are intended to “unleash the next American 
nuclear renaissance.”
1 We did the math on AI’s energy footprint. Here’s the story you haven’t heard. MIT Technology Review, May 20, 2025 
2 We did the math on AI’s energy footprint. Here’s the story you haven’t heard. MIT Technology Review, May 20, 2025
3 We did the math on AI’s energy footprint. Here’s the story you haven’t heard. MIT Technology Review, May 20, 2025
4 Global Energy Review, International Energy Agency, 2026
5 I’ve Got the Power! Nuclear Energy Primer. Tran et al, BofA Thematic Research, 2026
6 Plans for New Reactors Worldwide. World Nuclear Association, August 5, 2026
7 China’s Nuclear Energy Priorities Under Its 15th Five-Year Plan. Center for Strategic and International Studies, May 11, 2026 


[Page 3]
3
EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY TEAM  |  MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT
DISPLAY 2
Kazakhstan Is the Leader in Global Uranium Production   
In 2024, Kazakhstan accounted for 39% of uranium production globally 
Source: World-nuclear.org. As of March 31, 2026. Forecasts/estimates are based on current market conditions, subject to change and may not necessarily come to pass.
An Emerging Nuclear Power 
Who stands to benefit from this return to nuclear power? It 
may surprise investors that the most compelling opportunity 
lies not in developed or even emerging markets. Instead, we 
see Kazakhstan, an overlooked frontier market, as a major 
beneficiary of rising nuclear demand.
Today, the central Asian republic produces approximately 
39% of global uranium supply (Display 2) from just 15% of 
global reserves.8
Kazakhstan’s dominance rests on its accessible reserves and 
low-cost mining methods. The country’s uranium deposits are 
ideal for in-situ recovery, a process where liquid solutions are 
injected into the ore body for extraction. That cost advantage 
has turned Kazakhstan into a key supplier for global uranium 
ambitions. Its strong position has led to an accumulation of 
investment and trade from China, the U.S., Russia, India and 
recently Japan.9 China is especially dependent, where roughly 
two-thirds of its imported natural uranium comes from 
Kazakhstan.10 Even the U.S. imports 35% of its uranium from 
Kazakhstan.11 Astana, the country’s capital, has clearly  
 
benefited from the security interests of larger powers, 
positioning itself as a neutral supplier to multiple countries 
rather than a satellite of any one bloc. 
Kazakhstan is not without risk. Uranium logistics have 
historically depended on routes through Russia. Investors need 
to account for production guidance, joint-venture structures, 
tax policy and the country’s geopolitical balancing act. 
We believe those risks do not fully warrant the degree 
of discount today. Kazakhstan’s scale, cost advantage 
and strategic neutrality make it difficult to ignore. The 
markets have aggressively priced in a favorable outlook 
in nuclear-related names in Canada and the U.S., while 
Kazakhstan remains an overlooked beneficiary of the nuclear 
investment case.
The world needs more electricity at a time when energy 
generation and supply are becoming national security 
issues. Climate goals require low-carbon energy while data 
centers require a stable baseload power. Nuclear sits at the 
intersection of all these needs, and Kazakhstan is ready to 
reap the benefits.
8 World-nuclear.org. As of March 31, 2026. 
9 Kazakh-Japanese nuclear cooperation highlighted during presidential visit. World Nuclear News, December 23, 2025
10 To Secure Kazakhstan’s Uranium, Chinese Players Were Compelled to Accommodate Local Partners. Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, March 26, 2024.
11 I’ve Got the Power! Nuclear Energy Primer. Tran et al, BofA Thematic Research, 2026
Kazakhstan
Canada
Namibia
Australia
Uzbekistan (est.)
Russia
China (est.)
Niger
India (est.)
South Africa (est.)
Ukraine (est.)
USA
Others
 
39%
24%
12%
8%
7%
4%
3%
2%
1%


[Page 4]
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
Charts and graphs provided herein are for illustrative purposes only.  
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
There is no guarantee that any investment strategy will work under all 
market conditions, and each investor should evaluate their ability to invest 
for the long-term, especially during periods of downturn in the market.
A separately managed account may not be appropriate for all investors. 
Separate accounts managed according to the particular Strategy may 
include securities that may not necessarily track the performance of a 
particular index. Please consider the investment objectives, risks and  
fees of the Strategy carefully before investing. A minimum asset  
level is required.
For important information about the investment managers, please refer  
to Form ADV Part 2.
The views and opinions and/or analysis expressed are those of the author 
or the investment team as of the date of preparation of this material 
and are subject to change at any time without notice due to market or 
economic conditions and may not necessarily come to pass. Furthermore, 
the views will not be updated or otherwise revised to reflect information 
that subsequently becomes available or circumstances existing, or changes 
occurring, after the date of publication. The views expressed do not reflect 
the opinions of all investment personnel at Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (MSIM) and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “the 
Firm”), and may not be reflected in all the strategies and products that the 
Firm offers.
Forecasts and/or estimates provided herein are subject to change and may 
not actually come to pass. Information regarding expected market returns 
and market outlooks is based on the research, analysis and opinions of 
the authors or the investment team. These conclusions are speculative in 
nature, may not come to pass and are not intended to predict the future 
performance of any specific strategy or product the Firm offers. Future 
results may differ significantly depending on factors such as changes in 
securities or financial markets or general economic conditions.
This material has been prepared on the basis of publicly available 
information, internally developed data and other third-party sources believed 
to be reliable. However, no assurances are provided regarding the reliability 
of such information and the Firm has not sought to independently verify 
information taken from public and third-party sources.
This material is a general communication, which is not impartial and all 
information provided has been prepared solely for informational and 
educational purposes and does not constitute an offer or a recommendation 
to buy or sell any particular security or to adopt any specific investment 
strategy. The information herein has not been based on a consideration 
of any individual investor circumstances and is not investment advice, nor 
should it be construed in any way as tax, accounting, legal or regulatory 
advice. To that end, investors should seek independent legal and financial 
advice, including advice as to tax consequences, before making any 
investment decision.
The indexes are unmanaged and do not include any expenses, fees or sales 
charges. It is not possible to invest directly in an index. Any index referred to 
herein is the intellectual property (including registered trademarks) of the 
applicable licensor. Any product based on an index is in no way sponsored, 
endorsed, sold or promoted by the applicable licensor and it shall not have 
any liability with respect thereto.
This material is not a product of Morgan Stanley’s Research Department and 
should not be regarded as a research material or a recommendation.
The Firm has not authorised financial intermediaries to use and to distribute 
this material, unless such use and distribution is made in accordance with 
applicable law and regulation. Additionally, financial intermediaries are 
required to satisfy themselves that the information in this material is 
appropriate for any person to whom they provide this material in view of 
that person’s circumstances and purpose. The Firm shall not be liable for, 
and accepts no liability for, the use or misuse of this material by any such 
financial intermediary.
This material may be translated into other languages. Where such a 
translation is made this English version remains definitive. If there are any 
discrepancies between the English version and any version of this material in 
another language, the English version shall prevail.
The whole or any part of this material may not be directly or indirectly 
reproduced, copied, modified, used to create a derivative work, performed, 
displayed, published, posted, licensed, framed, distributed or transmitted 
or any of its contents disclosed to third parties without the Firm’s express 
written consent. This material may not be linked to unless such hyperlink 
is for personal and non-commercial use. All information contained herein is 
proprietary and is protected under copyright and other applicable law.
Eaton Vance is part of Morgan Stanley Investment Management. 
Morgan Stanley Investment  Management is the asset management  
division of Morgan Stanley.
DISTRIBUTION
This material is only intended for and will only be distributed to persons 
resident in jurisdictions where such distribution or availability would not 
be contrary to local laws or regulations.
MSIM, the asset management division of Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS), 
and its affiliates have arrangements in place to market each other’s 
products and services. Each MSIM affiliate is regulated as appropriate in 
the jurisdiction it operates. MSIM’s affiliates are: Calvert Research and 
Management, Eaton Vance Management, Parametric Portfolio Associates 
LLC, Parametric SAS, and Atlanta Capital Management LLC
This material has been issued by any one or more of the following entities:
EMEA:
In the EU, MSIM materials are issued by MSIM Fund Management (Ireland) 
Limited (“FMIL”). FMIL is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland and is 
incorporated in Ireland as a private company limited by shares with company 
registration number 616661 and has its registered address at 24- 26 City 
Quay, Dublin 2, DO2 NY19, Ireland.
RISK CONSIDERATIONS
There is no assurance that a portfolio will achieve its investment objective. Portfolios are subject to market risk, which is the 
possibility that the market values of securities owned by a portfolio will decline and that the value of portfolio shares may 
therefore be less than what you paid for them. Market values can change daily due to economic and other events (e.g. natural 
disasters, health crises, terrorism, conflicts and social unrest) that affect markets, countries, companies or governments. It is 
difficult to predict the timing, duration, and potential adverse effects (e.g. portfolio liquidity) of events. Accordingly, you can 
lose money investing in a portfolio.  Please be aware that a portfolio may be subject to certain additional risks. In general, 
equities securities’ values also fluctuate in response to activities specific to a company. Investments in foreign markets 
entail special risks such as currency, political, economic, market and liquidity risks. The risks of investing in emerging market 
countries are greater than the risks generally associated with investments in foreign developed countries.
MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT  |  EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY TEAM
4


[Page 5]
Outside the EU, MSIM materials are issued by Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management Limited (MSIM Ltd) is authorised and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority. Registered in England. Registered No. 1981121. Registered 
Office: 25 Cabot Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 4QA.
In Switzerland, MSIM materials are issued by Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, London (Zurich Branch) Authorised and regulated by 
the Eidgenössische Finanzmarktaufsicht (“FINMA”). Registered Office: 
Beethovenstrasse 33, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland. 
Italy: MSIM FMIL (Milan Branch), (Sede Secondaria di Milano) Palazzo 
Serbelloni Corso Venezia, 16 20121 Milano, Italy. The Netherlands: MSIM 
FMIL (Amsterdam Branch), Rembrandt Tower, 11th Floor Amstelplein 
1 1096HA, Netherlands. France: MSIM FMIL (Paris Branch), 61 rue de 
Monceau 75008 Paris, France. Spain: MSIM FMIL (Madrid Branch), Calle 
Serrano 55, 28006, Madrid, Spain. Germany: MSIM FMIL, Frankfurt Branch, 
Grosse Gallusstrasse 18, 60312 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (Gattung: 
Zweigniederlassung (FDI) gem. § 53b KWG). Denmark: MSIM FMIL 
(Copenhagen Branch), Gorrissen Federspiel, Axel Towers, Axeltorv2, 1609 
Copenhagen V, Denmark.
MIDDLE EAST:
Dubai International Financial Centre: This information does not constitute 
or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to 
subscribe for or purchase, any securities or investment products in the UAE 
(including the Dubai International Financial Centre and the Abu Dhabi Global 
Market) and accordingly should not be construed as such. Furthermore, 
this information is being made available on the basis that the recipient 
acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities to which it 
may relate have not been approved, licensed by or registered with the UAE 
Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the UAE Securities 
and Commodities Authority, the Financial Services Regulatory Authority or 
any other relevant licensing authority or government agency in the UAE. 
The content of this report has not been approved by or filed with the UAE 
Central Bank, the Dubai Financial Services Authority, the UAE Securities and 
Commodities Authority or the Financial Services Regulatory Authority. Abu 
Dhabi Global Market (“ADGM”): This material is sent strictly within the 
context of, and constitutes, an Exempt Communication. This material relates 
to content which is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by 
the Financial Services Regulatory Authority of the Abu Dhabi Global Market 
(the “FSRA”). 
U.S.: NOT FDIC INSURED. OFFER NO BANK GUARANTEE. MAY LOSE 
VALUE. NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY. 
NOT A DEPOSIT.
Latin America (Brazil, Chile Colombia, Mexico, Peru, and Uruguay)
This material is for use with an institutional investor or a qualified investor 
only. All information contained herein is confidential and is for the exclusive 
use and review of the intended addressee, and may not be passed on to 
any third party. This material is provided for informational purposes only 
and does not constitute a public offering, solicitation or recommendation to 
buy or sell for any product, service, security and/or strategy. A decision to 
invest should only be made after reading the strategy documentation and 
conducting in-depth and independent due diligence.
ASIA PACIFIC:
Hong Kong: This document has been issued by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited, 
CE No. AAD291, for use in Hong Kong and shall only be made available 
to “professional investors” as defined under the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap 571). The contents of this document have 
not been reviewed nor approved by any regulatory authority including the 
Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong. Accordingly, save where 
an exemption is available under the relevant law, this document shall not 
be issued, circulated, distributed, directed at, or made available to, the 
public in Hong Kong. Singapore: This material is disseminated in Singapore 
by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Company, Registration No. 
199002743C. This material should not be considered to be the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, 
to the public or any member of the public in Singapore other than (i) to 
an institutional investor under section 304 of the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (“SFA”), (ii) to a “relevant person” (which 
includes an accredited investor) pursuant to section 305 of the SFA, and 
such distribution is in accordance with the conditions specified in section 
305 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. This material has 
not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Australia: This 
material is provided by Morgan Stanley Investment Management (Australia) 
Pty Ltd ABN 22122040037, AFSL No. 314182 and its affiliates and does not 
constitute an offer of interests. Morgan Stanley Investment Management 
(Australia) Pty Limited arranges for MSIM affiliates to provide financial 
services to Australian wholesale clients. This material will not be lodged with 
the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. 
Japan: For professional investors, this material is circulated or distributed 
solely for informational purposes. For non-professional investors, this 
material is provided in connection with Morgan Stanley Investment 
Management (Japan) Co., Ltd. (“MSIMJ”)’s business with respect to 
discretionary investment management agreements (“IMA”) and investment 
advisory agreements (“IAA”).  This does not constitute a recommendation or 
solicitation of transactions nor offers any particular financial instruments. 
Under an IMA, with respect to the management of client assets, the client 
prescribes basic management policies in advance and commissions MSIMJ to 
make all investment decisions based on an analysis of the value, etc. of the 
securities, and MSIMJ accepts such commission. The client shall delegate to 
MSIMJ the authorities necessary to make such investment decisions. MSIMJ 
exercises these delegated authorities accordingly, and the client shall not 
make individual instructions.  All investment profits and losses belong to the 
clients; principal is not guaranteed. Please consider the investment objectives 
and nature of risks before investing. As an investment advisory fee for an 
IAA or an IMA, the amount of assets subject to the contract multiplied by 
a certain rate (the upper limit is 2.20% per annum (including tax)) shall 
be incurred in proportion to the contract period. For some strategies, a 
contingency fee may be incurred in addition to the fee mentioned above. 
Indirect charges also may be incurred, such as brokerage commissions for 
underlying securities. Since these charges and expenses vary by contract 
and other factors, MSIMJ cannot present the rates, upper limits, etc. in 
advance. All clients should read thoroughly the Documents Provided Prior 
to the Conclusion of a Contract carefully before executing an agreement. 
This material is distributed in Japan by MSIMJ, Registered No. 410 (Director 
of Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Firms)), Membership: 
the Japan Securities Dealers Association, the Investment Management 
Association of Japan and the Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association.
morganstanley.com/im
© 2026 Morgan Stanley. All rights reserved.
RO 5835414  Exp. 9/30/2028  LTR
