[Page 1]
1
September 2026


[Page 2]
-10%
10%
30%
50%
EM
Japan
Asia ex Japan
S&P 500
AC World
EAFE
Europe ex UK
UK
China
Latin America
Energy
Information Technology
Materials
Health Care
Financials
Consumer Discretionary
Consumer Staples
Communication Services
Real Estate
Industrials
Utilities
Gold
BBG Commodity Index
WTI
Euro
Yen
US Dollar Index
High Yield
EM Bonds (in USD)
Investment Grade Credit
US Aggregate
Treasuries
TIPS
Municipals
2
September 2026
Returns by Asset Class | August and 2026
Data as of 8/31/2026. Source: FactSet
All international equity indices are MSCI indices and are in USD. Diamonds in chart represent the year-to-date total returns and the bars represent monthly returns.
Equities:  Renewed Tech Momentum Drove EM 
Returns Higher, While Strong Earnings Supported DM.
Sectors: 5 Of 11 S&P 500 Sectors Were Positive Led By 
Energy And IT While Rate-Sensitive Sectors Declined.
FX & Commodities: Gold 
Rebounded As The Dollar Fell. 
Fixed Income: Income Gains Offset An 
Increase In Front-End Treasury Yields.
YTD 2026 Performance
August Performance


[Page 3]
0%
1%
2%
3%
4%
5%
6%
7%
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Core CPI YoY
160
-156
214
148
63
20
-23
-200
-150
-100
-50
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
US Monthly Job Gains (thousands)
2026 Avg.
September 2026
Payroll Growth Has Slowed In Recent Months
Disinflation Relieves Pressure On The Fed
•
July’s jobs report disappointed, but the broader labor market remains consistent with a 
slow-growth environment rather than a sharp deterioration. Despite a temporary boost 
from the World Cup and America’s 250 events, nonfarm payrolls declined by 23k and the prior 
two months were revised lower by a net 103k, suggesting a modest loss of hiring momentum.
•
Core CPI rose just 0.2% MoM in July, bringing the annual rate to 2.5%, its lowest level 
since March 2021. Slowing shelter inflation (+0.1% MoM) remained a key disinflationary force, 
contributing to the recent decline in the YoY rate. Together with June’s benign report, the 
recent progress on inflation should help alleviate pressure on the Fed to raise interest rates.    
•
Manufacturing sustained expansion in July, boosted by robust business investment. 
Durable goods orders rose 1.1% MoM and industrial production increased 0.2% MoM, led by a 
0.8% jump in business equipment. Alongside the highest ISM Manufacturing PMI reading 
(54.6) since May 2022, data point to continued momentum despite elevated interest rates.
•
Higher fuel costs have pushed up inflation in two of the world's largest energy importers, 
raising the likelihood of further rate hikes. Headline inflation climbed to a YTD high of 1.9% 
in Japan, while euro zone inflation rose to 3.3%. Globally, 12 of the 33 central banks we track 
have tightened policy over the last six months, up from 1 at year-end 2025. 
•
As Fed Chair Warsh noted in his remarks at Jackson Hole, US growth remains strong. AI 
capex, a strengthening manufacturing sector, and spending by higher-income households are 
helping offset widespread cost-of-living frustrations. A stable labor market and fiscal support 
should keep GDP on track for 2.3% in 2026, moderating slightly to 2.2% in 2027. 
•
Despite elevated inflation, we expect the disinflationary process to continue. Looking 
ahead, fading tariff pressures and lower oil prices following a resolution to the US-Iran conflict 
should help cool inflation. Slowing shelter inflation and AI-driven productivity gains should 
further support disinflation. We expect 3.5% PCE at year-end, trending toward 2% in 2027.
•
Employment appears to be stabilizing at a lower equilibrium level. We expect payroll 
growth to average ~70k/month in the months ahead, enough to keep unemployment steady 
near 4.3%. Concerns about AI displacing jobs are overstated. Over time, we expect AI to create 
new jobs as others are displaced, while boosting productivity across the economy.
•
The US remains positioned to lead developed-market growth. Europe and much of Asia 
face muted domestic demand, greater exposure to imported energy costs, slower AI adoption, 
and less policy flexibility to support growth. That leaves foreign central bankers facing a more 
challenging trade-off between supporting growth and containing inflation.
Global Economy | Mixed US Economic Growth Signals, But Price Pressures Are Easing
Global Economy | 12-Month Outlook
Global Economy | Recent Trends
Source: FactSet as of 8/31/2026. 
Payroll growth softened considerably over the last few months, but 
average gains of ~61k YTD are consistent with steady growth. 
July CPI built on June’s relatively benign report with core CPI 
matching its lowest YoY rate since March 2021. 


[Page 4]
85
90
95
100
105
110
115
120
125
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
DJIA
S&P 500
S&P 500 EW
R2000
MSCI ACWI
4
September 2026
Broader Participation In Returns
Wide Performance Variation Beneath The Surface
•
Global equities looked past the Iran conflict to post solid gains in August. The S&P 500 
(+2.7%), Dow (+1.3%), Russell 2000 (+1.0%), S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (+2.1%) and MSCI AC 
World Index (+2.7% in USD) all advanced to new record highs. Meanwhile, 10 of 11 S&P 500 
sectors are positive YTD, signaling broad market participation.
•
2Q26 S&P 500 earnings reinforced the strength of corporate fundamentals. Earnings 
grew 51% YoY (inclusive of one-time investment gains) and earnings revisions continued to 
trend higher. Notably, earnings excluding our MAGMAN* composite rose 27% YoY, the fastest 
pace since 4Q21, highlighting a broadening in growth outside mega-cap tech. 
•
Volatility continues to subside, with the VIX at a YTD low of 14.3. However, beneath the 
surface, dispersion has remained high this year. In fact, every sector except Utilities has seen 
at least an 80% gap between its best- and worst-performing stock this year, led by Tech and 
Health Care as company-specific outlooks and industry rotation trades drive returns. 
•
Japanese equities outperformed, rising 3.4% MoM as strong earnings growth, a favorable 
economic backdrop, improving breadth, and increased shareholder returns supported gains. 
European stocks also finished higher (+1.6% MoM) but lagged amid fiscal concerns ahead 
of France’s presidential election next year and less exposure to AI-driven growth sectors. 
•
Strong earnings and a healthy growth backdrop continue to support US equities. Rising 
global yields, geopolitical conflicts, inflation uncertainty, seasonal headwinds, and the 
midterm elections could lead to a near-term pullback, but these factors are unlikely to derail 
the market’s broader advance. We remain constructive on the longer-term outlook. 
•
The fundamental backdrop for the S&P 500 remains supportive. Continued strength in 
corporate earnings and positive upward earnings revisions support our year-end 7,650 ($326 
EPS/~23.5x P/E) and 8,200 mid-2027 ($356 EPS/~23x) price targets. While valuation multiples 
have compressed YTD, we expect earnings growth to remain the primary driver of returns. 
•
Durable earnings growth drives our sector preferences. Strong earnings growth and 
improved valuations make Tech our top pick. AI infrastructure spending should support 
Industrials, while innovation and demographics underpin Health Care. Consumer 
Discretionary should benefit from broadening earnings growth and cooling oil prices.
•
We retain our preference for US stocks over international markets. Superior earnings 
growth, stronger fundamentals, and greater exposure to secular growth themes continue to 
support US leadership. Abroad, we favor Japan and emerging Asia, where tech exposure and 
improving earnings trends offer a more compelling backdrop than Europe or Lat Am.
Equities | Strong Fundamentals Drive Stocks Higher Despite Geopolitical Turbulence
Global Equities | 12-Month Outlook
Global Equities | Recent Trends
Source: FactSet as of 8/31/2026. MSCI Index returns used for international returns and are presented in USD terms. *MAGMAN represents a composite of Microsoft, 
Apple, Google, Meta, Amazon, and Nvidia. The foregoing is not a recommendation to buy or sell MAGMAN stocks.  
All sectors except Utilities  show at least an 80% spread between their 
best- and worst- performing stocks this year.
All the indexes below are up double digits this year, with small caps 
and the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index leading returns. 
606%
425%
141%
111%
93%
91%
90%
90%
85%
82%
46%
0%
100%
200%
300%
400%
500%
600%
700%
IT
HC
ENE
IND
MAT
RE
COM
FIN
CS
CD
UTL
Spread Between Best & Worst Performing Stock In Sector YTD
YTD Returns 
Indexed To 100


[Page 5]
5
September 2026
History Points To Seasonal Headwinds For Stocks In September
Source: FactSet. Data as 8/31/2026.
Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Since 1950, September has been the S&P 500’s weakest month of the year, 
with an average decline of 0.6%. 
40%
45%
50%
55%
60%
65%
70%
75%
-1.0%
-0.5%
0.0%
0.5%
1.0%
1.5%
2.0%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
July
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Average S&P 500 Monthly Performance Since 1950
% of Time Positive


[Page 6]
 $-
 $25
 $50
 $75
 $100
 $125
 $150
 $175
 $200
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026
US IG Corporate Bond Issuance (August; $B)
Prior 10YR Avg.
6
September 2026
•
Fed Chair Warsh’s speech at Jackson Hole struck a hawkish tone. Warsh reaffirmed the 
Fed’s commitment to its 2% PCE inflation target, cautioned there may be more “work to do” if 
inflation fails to move toward target, and defended moving away from forward guidance. 
Following his remarks, the market-implied probability of a September hike doubled to 66%.
•
Warsh's comments pushed the policy-sensitive 2-year Treasury yield higher and 
flattened the yield curve. The 2-year yield rose 6 bps MoM to 4.34%, while the 10-year yield 
held steady near a YTD high of 4.75%. Elevated coupon income more than offset the rise in 
rates, leaving bond returns in positive territory, with the Bloomberg US Agg up 0.4% MoM.
•
Beyond the US, global bond yields surged to multi-year highs amid inflation fears and 
renewed fiscal concerns. After the US national debt topped $40t, the 30-year Treasury yield 
rose to a 19-year high of 5.3%, prompting the US Treasury to announce an unscheduled 
liquidity buyback program, aimed at easing upward pressure on long-term interest rates. 
•
High-quality corporate borrowers failed to take a summer break and set a new August 
issuance record (~$184b). Despite the flood of supply, IG spreads ended the month at 78 
bps, the fifth consecutive month below 80 bps and the longest stretch since 1993-1998. 
Meanwhile, CCC-rated spreads widened to 858 bps, their highest level since April 2025.
•
The Fed is set to remain on hold longer than markets expect. While investors are pricing in 
more than one 25 bps rate hike by year-end, our base case remains no change in the policy 
rate this year, with a cut likely in 2H27. Inflationary pressures are set to cool over the next 
year as base effects improve, though persistently high oil prices remain an upside risk. 
•
Our 4.25%-4.50% target range for the 10-year Treasury yield remains unchanged. 
Moderate economic growth, gradual disinflation, and strong investor demand for Treasuries 
should help keep rates contained. A move below 4% would likely require a meaningful growth 
scare, while a sustained break above 5% would likely require another inflation shock. 
•
Today’s higher yields imply solid future returns for bond investors. With starting yields 
near multi-decade highs, bonds can generate attractive income without relying heavily on 
price appreciation to drive returns. Bonds should also continue to provide valuable 
diversification and stability as market volatility rises and inflation risks ease.
•
Within fixed income sectors, we prefer staying up in quality and favor shorter-duration 
corporates, longer-dated munis, and Treasuries over high yield. While credit spreads 
remain historically tight, all-in yields are attractive. Healthy economic growth, solid corporate 
balance sheets, and low default risk continue to support high-quality fixed income sectors. 
Fixed Income | Income Gains Offset Price Pressures From Modestly Higher Yields
Global Bonds | 12-Month Outlook
Global Bonds | Recent Trends
Source: FactSet/Bloomberg. Data as of 8/31/2026. IG = higher-quality investment grade corporates and HY = lower-rated high yield corporates. Returns presented are 
total returns.
Global Long-End Yields Rise To Multi-Decade Highs
Record Supply For the Month Of August
Despite setting an August issuance record, US high-quality corporate 
spreads remained stable, ending the month at 78 bps.
$105B
17
17
13
11
9
0
-2
-5
0
5
10
15
20
France
Japan
Italy
Germany Canada
UK
US
MoM Change In 30-Year Yield (bps)
The US 30-year yield rose to its highest level since 2007 but ended the 
month down 2 bps. Meanwhile, long-term yields are up sharply across 
five of the G7 countries.
$145B
$184B


[Page 7]
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
1982
1992
2002
2012
2022
US Strategic Petroleum Reserves Crude Oil Stocks (SPR;  Million Of Barrels)
-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
1992
2002
2012
2022
Bloomberg Commodity Index - YTD Change Through August
Geopolitical supply disruptions and adverse weather are driving the 
Bloomberg Index toward its best year ever.
7
September 2026
Commodities On Pace For A Historic Year
Less Of A Cushion From Global Oil Stockpiles
•
The Bloomberg Commodity Index gained 7% in August, putting it on track for its best 
year ever (+29% YTD). Grains led the advance, with the subindex rising 14% as corn (+16%) 
and wheat (+21%) reached their highest prices in over three years as Russia/Ukraine export 
disruptions and poor weather conditions (notably El Niño) pressured supply. 
•
WTI crude rose 1.3% MoM to ~$86/bbl as supply continued to tighten and the 60-day US-
Iran MOU expired without a permanent agreement. With Persian Gulf exports still sharply 
curtailed, inventories have partially absorbed the shortfall, pushing global stockpiles toward 
historically low levels. For example, the US SPR hit its lowest level since 1982.
•
Gold and silver rallied despite elevated real yields, rising 9% and 16% over the month, 
respectively. Growing unease over global fiscal outlooks, renewed central bank buying, and 
short covering helped fuel the advance. Even after the rally, silver remains ~43% below its 
January 2026 peak while gold is ~17% below its recent high ($4,431/ozt).
•
The US dollar slipped 0.5% MoM, its second consecutive monthly decline, though it is up 
1.1% YTD. After a joint US-Japan intervention in July, the yen weakened, giving back half of 
its recent bounce versus the USD. Meanwhile, euro zone economic data surprised to the 
upside while US data surprises moderated, helping lift the euro (+1% MoM) against the USD.
•
The path to a durable US-Iran agreement has proven difficult and both sides appear 
prepared for a prolonged standoff. With little visibility into when a new agreement might 
emerge, there is increased risk of a higher for longer oil price scenario. That said, we expect 
the broader impact to the US economy and US financial assets to remain limited. 
•
We raised our year-end WTI target by $5 to $75/bbl. amid persistent export disruptions 
and ongoing inventory drawdowns. With supply constrained, prices need to remain 
elevated to pressure demand and thus balance the market. Longer term, higher prices should 
encourage more supply, supporting our view that WTI will retreat toward $65 by mid-2027.
•
Higher yields and shifts in investor sentiment remain headwinds for precious metals, 
while industrial metals enjoy stronger structural support. Higher real yields raise the 
opportunity cost of holding non-income-producing assets, like gold. By contrast, investment 
in AI infrastructure, electrification, and defense underpin demand for industrial metals. 
•
The dollar should remain rangebound, trading within 1.10-1.20 vs. the euro. While 
relative growth and rate differentials remain supportive, our expectation for the Fed to 
remain on hold as other central banks tighten limits the case for sustained dollar strength. 
Absent a meaningful shift in the backdrop, a breakout in either direction appears unlikely. 
Commodities & Currencies | The Rally In Commodities Continues 
Commodities & Currencies | 12-Month Outlook
Commodities & Currencies | Recent Trends
Source: FactSet. Data as of 8/31/2026. Commodities are represented by the Bloomberg Commodity Index, US dollar returns are represented by the 
DXY Index (which holds a ~58% weight to the euro and a ~14% yen weight), and oil prices are WTI crude unless otherwise noted. 
The US Strategic Petroleum Reserve declined to its lowest level in 44 
years. More broadly, global oil stockpiles now sit near historic lows.
+29% YTD
Russia
Invades
Ukraine
US-Iran 
Conflict


[Page 8]
8
September 2026
Summary | Key Year-End 2026 And 12-Month Views
The US economy remains on solid footing, supported by 
AI investment, a strengthening manufacturing sector, 
continued spending by higher-income households, and 
a stable labor market. We expect GDP growth of 2.3% in 
2026, while easing tariff, oil, and shelter pressures help 
push PCE inflation toward 3.5% by year-end and closer 
to 2% in 2027. With payroll growth stabilizing around 
70k/month and unemployment around 4.3%, the US 
remains better positioned than many developed-market 
peers who face weaker domestic demand and greater 
exposure to higher imported energy costs. 
ECONOMY
The US dollar is likely to remain rangebound, trading 
between 1.10 and 1.20 vs. the euro. Stronger US growth 
and higher real yields continue to provide support, but 
increasingly hawkish central bank policy trajectories 
abroad and our expectation that the Fed remains on 
hold limit the case for sustained dollar appreciation. A 
series of interventions YTD may have put a floor under 
the yen after a prolonged period of weakness. Absent a 
meaningful shift in growth or monetary policy trends, a 
breakout in either direction for the dollar appears 
unlikely.
DOLLAR DIRECTION
While markets are pricing 1-2 Fed rate hikes by year-end, 
we expect policymakers to remain on hold through mid-
2027 as inflation gradually moderates. Moderate growth, 
disinflation, lower oil prices, and healthy Treasury 
demand support our 4.25%-4.50% 10-year Treasury yield 
target.  A move below 4% would require a growth scare, 
while a sustained rise above 5% could be driven by a 
renewed inflation surge. With starting yields near multi-
decade highs, income should remain the primary driver 
of bond returns. Given historically tight credit spreads, 
we favor higher-quality bonds over high yield.
BOND MARKET
The expiration of the US-Iran MOU failed to produce an 
agreement, keeping Persian Gulf exports sharply 
curtailed and global oil supplies tight. Inventories have 
absorbed some of the shortfall, but with stockpiles 
nearing historically low levels, the market has less 
cushion. The resulting supply constraints led us to raise 
our year-end WTI target by $5 to $75. Longer term, higher 
prices should encourage additional supply, supporting 
our view that oil retreats toward $65 by mid-2027. The 
broader impact on the US economy and financial assets 
should remain limited.
Oil (WTI): ~$75/barrel
OIL
The fundamental backdrop remains supportive of 
further gains, but rising macro risks could trigger a near-
term pullback. Robust earnings growth underpins our 
S&P 500 targets of 7,650 at year-end ($326 EPS/~23.5x 
P/E) and 8,200 by mid-2027 ($356 EPS/~23x). We favor 
sectors with durable growth drivers, led by Tech, while 
AI capex supports Industrials, and demographic trends 
favor Health Care. Consumer Discretionary should 
benefit as earnings growth broadens and oil prices cool. 
We continue to favor US over international, with Japan 
and EM Asia our preferred markets abroad.
EQUITIES
Equities have been resilient, but volatility is likely to pick 
up as investor attention shifts from fundamental 
tailwinds to a wide range of macro risks. Alongside 
steadily rising Treasury yields, seasonal trends are 
turning less favorable, with September historically the 
weakest month of the year and midterm election years 
often more volatile. Elevated oil prices could also weigh 
on consumer spending and economic activity. Bond 
volatility may also increase as fiscal sustainability is in 
focus. Even so, we would view any pullbacks as a buying 
opportunity given our constructive longer-term views.
Higher
VOLATILITY
2026: US GDP 2.3%
2027: 2.2%
2026: 10-Yr UST 4.25-4.50%
12M: 4.25-4.50%
2026: S&P 500 7,650
12M: 8,200
EUR/USD 1.15


[Page 9]
9
September 2026
Disclosures
All expressions of opinion are those of Raymond James & Associates, Inc. (RJA) Investment Strategy and are subject to change. Nothing in this report constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice or is a 
representation that any investment or strategy is suitable or appropriate to your individual circumstances or otherwise constitutes a personal recommendation to you. This information should not be construed 
as a recommendation. The foregoing content is subject to change at any time without notice. Content provided herein is for informational purposes only. There is no guarantee that these statements, opinions or 
forecasts provided herein will prove to be correct. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results. Indices and peer groups are not available for direct investment. Any investor who attempts to mimic the 
performance of an index or peer group would incur fees and expenses that would reduce returns. No investment strategy can guarantee success. Economic and market conditions are subject to change. Investing 
involves risks including the possible loss of capital. The information has been obtained from sources considered to be reliable, but we do not guarantee that the foregoing material is accurate or complete. 
Diversification and asset allocation do not ensure a profit or protect against a loss. Further, portions of this report may include content generated, sourced, or created with assistance from artificial intelligence 
tools. Raymond James has reviewed and considers this content to be reliable, but Raymond James does not guarantee that such content is accurate or complete.
Diversification does not ensure a profit or guarantee against a loss. Investing in small cap stocks generally involves greater risks, and therefore, may not be appropriate for every investor.
A credit rating of a security is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the security and may be subject to review, revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency. Ratings 
and insurance do not remove market risk since they do not guarantee the market value of the bond.
INTERNATIONAL INVESTING | International investing involves additional risks such as currency fluctuations, differing financial accounting standards, and heightened political and/or economic instability. These 
risks are greater in emerging markets.
SECTORS | Sector investments are companies focused on a specific economic sector and are presented here for illustrative purposes only. Sectors, including tech, are subject to varying levels of competition, 
economic sensitivity, and political and regulatory risks. Investing in any individual sector involves limited diversification.
ENERGY COMMODITIES | Investing in energy commodities is generally considered speculative, with high levels of volatility, limited market regulation, and emerging markets risk. Oil prices are influenced by OPEC 
decisions and tend to be economically sensitive. Natural gas prices are influenced by weather. 
MINING COMMODITIES | Investing in mining commodities is generally considered speculative, with high levels of volatility, limited market regulation, and emerging markets risk. Prices of precious metals such as 
gold and silver are influenced by central bank decisions. Prices of industrial metals such as copper tend to be economically sensitive.
CURRENCIES | Currency investing is generally considered speculative, with high levels of volatility and limited market regulation. These risks are greater in emerging markets.
FIXED INCOME | Fixed-income securities (or “bonds”) are exposed to various risks including but not limited to credit (risk of default of principal and interest payments), market and liquidity, interest rate, 
reinvestment, legislative (changes to the tax code), and call risks. There is an inverse relationship between interest rate movements and fixed income prices. Generally, when interest rates rise, fixed income prices fall 
and when interest rates fall, fixed income prices generally rise. 
MUNICIPAL BONDS | Municipal securities typically provide a lower yield than comparably rated taxable investments in consideration of their tax-advantaged status. Investments in municipal securities may not be 
appropriate for all investors, particularly those who do not stand to benefit from the tax status of the investment. Please consult an income tax professional to assess the impact of holding such securities on your tax 
liability.
US TREASURIES | US Treasury securities are guaranteed by the US government and, if held to maturity, generally offer a fixed rate of return and guaranteed principal value.
US DOLLAR | The US Dollar Index is an index (or measure) of the value of the United States dollar relative to a basket of foreign currencies,[1] often referred to as a basket of U.S. trade partners' currencies.[2] The 
Index goes up when the US dollar gains "strength" (value) when compared to other currencies.
AGENCY MORTGAGE-BACKED SECURITIES | Agency Mortgage-Backed Securities are backed by US government agencies or government-sponsored enterprises, but their value can fluctuate with interest rates and 
prepayment activity. Investors could experience losses if securities are sold before maturity.
SOX | The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (often called SOX) is a stock market index that tracks the 30 largest companies involved in designing, making, and selling computer chips and semiconductors


[Page 10]
10
September 2026
Disclosures
DEFINITIONS
AGGREGATE BOND | Bloomberg US Agg Bond Total Return Index: The index is a measure of the investment grade, fixed-rate, taxable bond market of roughly 6,000 SEC-registered securities with intermediate 
maturities averaging approximately 10 years. The index includes bonds from the Treasury, Government-Related, Corporate, MBS, ABS, and CMBS sectors.
HIGH YIELD | Bloomberg US Corporate High Yield Total Return Index: The index measures the USD-denominated, high yield, fixed-rate corporate bond market. Securities are classified as high yield if the middle 
rating of Moody’s, Fitch and S&P is Ba1/BB+/BB+ or below.
CREDIT | Bloomberg US Credit Total Return Index: The index measures the investment grade, US dollar-denominated, fixed-rate, taxable corporate and government related bond markets. It is composed of the 
US Corporate Index and a non-corporate component that includes foreign agencies, sovereigns, supranationals and local authorities.
VIX | The CBOE Volatility Index® (VIX® Index®) is a key measure of market expectations of near-term volatility conveyed by S&P 500 stock index option prices.
MUNICIPAL | Bloomberg Municipal Total Return Index: The index is a measure of the long-term tax-exempt bond market with securities of investment grade (rated at least Baa by Moody’s Investors Service and 
BBB by Standard and Poor’s). This index has four main sectors: state and local general obligation bonds, revenue bonds, insured bonds, and prerefunded bonds.
BLOOMBERG TREASURY INDEX | The Bloomberg US Treasury Index tracks the performance of US dollar-denominated, fixed-rate, nominal debt issued by the US Treasury. 
BLOOMBERG INDUSTRIAL METALS INDEX | Bloomberg Industrial Metals Index reflects the returns that are potentially available through an unleveraged investment in the futures contracts on industrial metal 
commodities.
BLOOMBERG ENERGY INDEX | Bloomberg Energy Index is composed of futures contracts on crude oil, heating oil, unleaded gasoline and natural gas. It reflects the return of underlying commodity futures price 
movements only and is quoted in USD.
MSCI EM ASIA INDEX | The MSCI Emerging Markets (EM) Asia Index captures large and mid cap representation across 8 Emerging Markets countries. With 1,160 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of 
the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
NASDAQ | The Nasdaq Composite Index is a market capitalization-weighted index of more than 3,700 stocks listed on the Nasdaq stock exchange. As a broad index heavily weighted toward the important 
technology sector, the Nasdaq Composite Index has become a staple of financial markets reports. 
S&P 500 | The S&P 500 Total Return Index: The index is widely regarded as the best single gauge of large-cap U.S. equities.
S&P GLOBAL EUROZONE MANUFACTURING PMI | The S&P Global Eurozone Manufacturing PMI is an economic indicator tracking the health of the euro area's factory sector. It uses a 0-to-100 index where 
readings above 50 signal growth and below 50 signal contraction, calculated from monthly surveys covering new orders, output, employment, delivery times, and stocks.
EMERGING MARKETS EASTERN EUROPE | MSCI EM Eastern Europe Net Return Index: The index captures large- and mid-cap representation across four Emerging Markets (EM) countries in Eastern Europe. With 
50 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country.
ASIA EX JAPAN INDEX | The MSCI AC Asia ex Japan Index captures large and mid cap representation across 2 of 3 Developed Markets (DM) countries (excluding Japan) and 9 Emerging Markets (EM) countries in 
Asia. With 983 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float adjusted market capitalization in each country.
AC WORLD INDEX | The MSCI AC World Index is a market capitalization weighted index designed to provide a broad measure of equity-market performance throughout the world. The MSCI ACWI is maintained by 
Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) and is comprised of stocks from 23 developed countries and 24 emerging markets. 
EMERGING MARKETS LATIN AMERICA | MSCI EM Latin America Net Return Index: The index captures large- and mid-cap representation across five Emerging Markets (EM) countries in Latin America. With 116 
constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each country. 
EMERGING MARKETS | MSCI Emerging Markets Net Return Index: This index consists of 23 countries representing 10% of world market capitalization. The index is available for a number of regions, market 
segments/sizes and covers approximately 85% of the free float-adjusted market capitalization in each of the 23 countries.


[Page 11]
11
September 2026
Disclosures
JAPAN | MSCI Japan Net Return Index: The index is designed to measure the performance of the large and mid cap segments of the Japanese market. With 319 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% 
of the free float- adjusted market capitalization in Japan. The Nikkei index (officially the Nikkei 225) is the primary stock market index for the Tokyo Stock Exchange (TSE).
EUROPE | The MSCI Europe Index captures large and mid cap representation across 15 Developed Markets (DM) countries in Europe. With 428 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float-
adjusted market capitalization across the European Developed Markets equity universe. The STOXX Europe 600 (often called the STOXX 600) is a major stock index tracking the 600 largest publicly traded 
companies across 17 European countries.
MSCI EAFE | The MSCI EAFE (Europe, Australasia, and Far East) is a free float-adjusted market capitalization index that is designed to measure developed market equity performance, excluding the United States 
& Canada. The EAFE consists of the country indices of 22 developed nations. 
SOUTH KOREA | The MSCI Korea Index is a stock market benchmark that measures large and mid-cap equity performance, covers about 85% of the South Korean market, and includes 77 constituent companies.
CHINA | The National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) of China Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) is an official monthly economic indicator that measures the health of the country's manufacturing and non-
manufacturing sectors. It is scored from 0 to 100, where 50 is the dividing line: a reading above 50 means the sector is growing, and a reading below 50 means it is shrinking.
MSCI EM | The MSCI Emerging Markets Index captures large and mid cap representation across 25 Emerging Markets (EM) countries. With 1,420 constituents, the index covers approximately 85% of the free float-
adjusted market capitalization in each country.
CITIGROUP ECONOMIC SURPRISE INDEX | Citigroup Economic Surprise Index represents the sum of the difference between official economic results and forecasts. With a sum over 0, its economic performance 
generally beats market expectations. With a sum below 0, its economic conditions are generally worse than expected.
US TRADE POLICY UNCERTAINTY INDEX | The US Trade Policy Uncertainty (TPU) Index is a monthly index that measures how often trade policy and uncertainty terms appear in major newspapers.
PCE INDEX | Personal Consumption Expenditures (PCE) Index: The PCE price index looks at U.S. inflation by measuring changes in the cost of living for households. It tracks the prices of a basket of goods and 
services, each with different weightings, to reflect how much a typical household spends every month.
ISM MANUFACTURING INDEX | The ISM Manufacturing Index, also known as the purchasing managers' index (PMI), is a monthly indicator of U.S. economic activity based on a survey of purchasing managers at 
more than 300 manufacturing firms.
CPI | The Consumer Price Index (CPI) is a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services.
EMPLOYMENT COST INDEX | The Employment Cost Index (ECI) measures the change in the hourly labor cost to employers over time.
MOVE INDEX | The MOVE index, or Merrill Lynch Option Volatility Estimate Index, is a gauge of interest rate volatility in the Treasury market.
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE | The Dow Jones Industrial Average, Dow Jones, or simply the Dow, is a stock market index of 30 prominent companies listed on stock exchanges in the United States.
THE RUSSELL 2000 | The Russell 2000 Index is a small-cap U.S. stock market index that makes up the smallest 2,000 stocks in the Russell Index.
THE MSCI EUROPE EX UK | The MSCI Europe ex UK Index captures large and mid cap representation across 14 Developed Markets (DM) countries in Europe excluding UK.
MSCI CHINA INDEX | The MSCI China Index captures large and mid cap companies and covers about 85% of the China equity universe. 
BLOOMBERG PRECIOUS METALS SUBINDEX | The Bloomberg Precious Metals Subindex is a commodity group subindex of the Bloomberg Commodity Index (BCOM) that reflects the returns of gold and silver 
futures contracts.
BLOOMBERG COMMODITY INDEX | The Bloomberg Commodity Index is a broad, diversified benchmark tracking commodity markets through futures contracts, designed for liquid, investable exposure, providing 
inflation protection and portfolio diversification by covering major sectors like energy, metals, agriculture, and livestock, with weights based on liquidity and production, and subject to sector/commodity caps.


[Page 12]
September 2026
Disclosures
INTERNATIONAL DISCLOSURES
FOR CLIENTS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM | For clients of Raymond James Financial International Limited (RJFI) and Raymond James Wealth Management (RJWM): Raymond James Financial International Ltd. 
(RJFI) and Raymond James Investment Services, Ltd. (RJIS) are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). RJFI and RJIS are located at Ropemaker Place, 25 Ropemaker Street, London, 
England, EC2Y 9LY, +44 203 798 5600.This document is prepared for and distributed by either RJFI or RJWM, as applicable, and any investment to which this document relates is intended for the sole use of the 
persons to whom it is addressed, being persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients as described in the FCA rules or persons described in Articles 19(5) (Investment professionals) or 49(2) (high 
net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended)or any other person to whom this promotion may lawfully 
be directed. It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons and may not be relied upon by such persons and is, therefore, not intended for private individuals 
or those who would be classified as Retail Clients.
FOR CLIENTS IN FRANCE | For clients of Raymond James France (RJ France): RJ France is authorised and regulated by the Autorite de Controle Prudentiel et de Resolution and the Autorite des Marches 
Financiers. As of 30 November, 2020, RJ France is an unaffiliated entity of Raymond James Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries. RJ France is located at SAS, 45 Avenue George V, 75008, Paris, France, +33 1 45 61 64 
90. This document is prepared for and distributed by RJ France pursuant to an agreement with Raymond James & Associates, Inc. and any investment to which this document relates is intended for the sole use 
of the persons to whom it is addressed, being persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients as described in "Code Monetaire et Financier" and Reglement General de l'Autorite des marches 
Financiers. It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons and may not be relied upon by such persons and is, therefore, not intended for private individuals or 
those who would be classified as Retail Clients.
FOR INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EE) OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED KINGDOM | This document (and any attachments or exhibits hereto) is intended only for EEA institutional 
clients or others to whom it may lawfully be submitted.
FOR CANADIAN CLIENTS | This document is not prepared subject to Canadian disclosure requirements, unless a Canadian has contributed to the content of the document. In the case where there is Canadian 
contribution, the document meets all applicable CIRO disclosure requirements.
DESIGNATIONS
Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards Inc. owns the certification marks CFP® and CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER® in the U.S. Investments & Wealth InstituteTM (The Institute) is the owner of the 
certification marks “CIMA” and “Certified Investment Management Analyst.” Use of CIMA and/or Certified Investment Management Analyst signifies that the user has successfully completed The Institute's initial 
and ongoing credentialing requirements for investment management professionals. CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
DATA SOURCES FactSet and Bloomberg as of 8/31/2026. 
2
0
2
5
2026
2026
