[Page 1]
Northern Trust 
1 
  
WEEKLY ECONOMIC COMMENTARY 
 
 IN THIS ISSUE: 
• Toward A More Conventional Fed 
• Rates Are High, But Credit Is Easy 
• A Major El Niño Takes Shape 
 
I haven’t always taken the most conventional approach to economics.  In a world where 
many practitioners construct elaborate models to arrive at conclusions, I often find more 
value in simply following my instincts.  During stressful times and paradigm changes, 
thinking outside of the equations is essential. 
There are times, however, when conventional approaches are the best ones.  After almost 
two decades of unconventional policy, the Federal Reserve seems intent on turning back 
the clock. 
During his recent speech to the Federal Reserve’s conference at Jackson Hole, Chairman 
Kevin Warsh asserted that “short-term interest rates are the predominant tool to achieve 
the [Fed’s] dual mandate. Unconventional policies to spur economic activity may suit 
genuine crises but should otherwise be used sparingly, if at all.” 
This statement was a succinct critique of monetary policy since 2008.  As the global 
financial crisis took hold, central banks reduced interest rates to very low (or, in some 
cases, negative) levels.  It was clear, however, that those actions alone were not going to 
reverse the contraction of credit that threatened to produce a second Great Depression. 
Drawing on his study of the Depression, then-Fed Chair Ben Bernanke initiated a series of 
novel strategies.  The central bank began quantitative easing, purchasing government 
bonds to bring down long-term interest rates and encourage investors stay in the markets.  
Other central banks followed suit, going to much greater lengths in their quests to restore 
financial stability. 
 
SEPTEMBER 4, 2026 
Global Economic Research 
50 South La Salle Street 
Chicago, Illinois 60603 
northerntrust.com 
Carl R. Tannenbaum 
Chief Economist 
312-557-8820 
ct92@ntrs.com 
Ryan James Boyle 
Chief U.S. Economist 
312-444-3843 
rjb13@ntrs.com  
Vaibhav Tandon 
Chief International Economist 
630-276-2498 
vt141@ntrs.com  
$0.0
$1.0
$2.0
$3.0
$4.0
$5.0
$6.0
$7.0
$8.0
$9.0
$10.0
2008
2011
2014
2017
2020
2023
2026
Trillions
Federal Reserve Balance Sheet
Sources: Federal Reserve, Haver Analytics
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
120%
140%
2015
2017
2019
2021
2023
2025
Central Bank Assets
As a Percent of GDP
Japan
Eurozone
U.K.
U.S.


[Page 2]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
2 
 
 
  
Slowly but steadily, conditions improved.  Debate continues over which components of the program 
were most effective, but that may miss the point.  The Fed’s commitment to pursue a range of 
remedies over a long period of time steered sentiment in a manner that was conducive to recovery. 
When the worst of the crisis had passed, there were questions as to whether unconventional policy 
should be unwound.  The Fed chose to press on, expanding its balance sheet well into the 
following decade.  Warsh, a member of the Board of Governors at the time, pushed back.  In 2010, 
he expressed: “I am concerned that we are assuming too much efficacy from further securities 
purchases and too little risk from the expansion of our balance sheet.” 
The Federal Reserve essentially prints money to pay for the securities it holds on its balance sheet.  
This adds reserves to the financial system, easing credit.  While the links between reserves, the 
money supply and inflation are not as clear as they were forty years ago, it is still fair to say that 
more reserves can tend to put upward pressure on the price level. 
The Fed finally began reducing its balance sheet in 2018, but paused the effort the following year 
when financial conditions tightened.  After expanding its asset purchases during the pandemic, the 
Fed initiated a second round of “quantitative tightening” in 2022.  At present, the Fed’s total assets 
are about $2 trillion lower than their peak. The process hasn’t been entirely smooth; market liquidity 
has become thin at times during the last four years, leading to questions about how low the Fed’s 
balance sheet can go. 
There has been a lot of research devoted to the neutral level of interest rates, which has informed 
the Fed’s thinking about whether policy is tight or easy.  But there has been relatively little done to 
determine what an equilibrium level is for the Fed’s balance sheet.  That answer depends, in part, 
on the Fed’s liabilities.  These consist primarily of currency in circulation, reserves held by banks 
with the Fed, and the Treasury General Account (essentially, the government’s checking account). 
To reduce the balance sheet, the Fed would have to find a way to reduce one of these line items. 
Currency seems an unlikely candidate, despite the broad shift to cashless forms of payments.  
Currency demand rises with the size of the economy; in addition, it is estimated that about half of 
all U.S. currency is held outside of the country. The Treasury must keep a buffer against seasonal 
swings in tax revenue, and holding less cash wouldn’t yield much balance sheet relief for the Fed. 
And so the focus is on bank reserves. 
Banks hold twice as much money with the Federal Reserve system as they did prior to the COVID-
$0.0
$1.0
$2.0
$3.0
$4.0
$5.0
$6.0
$7.0
$8.0
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Trillions
Federal Reserve Liabilities
Currency
TGA
Bank Reserves
$1.0
$1.4
$0.6
$3.4
Within 1 Year
1 year
 to 5 years
5 years
to 10 years
Over 10 Years
Maturity Distribution of
Federal Reserve Securities Holdings
(Trillions)
Sources: Haver Analytics, Federal Reserve
The new Fed leader 
wants to limit the use 
of unconventional 
tools. 


[Page 3]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
3 
 
 
  
19 pandemic.  This has been prompted, in part, by a generous rate paid by the Fed on those 
balances: the interest rate on reserve balances (IOR) is currently 3.65%.  They are fully liquid, carry 
no counterparty risk, and are treated favorably in measures of bank liquidity. 
Fed officials are contemplating systems that would change bank demand for reserves. As 
described in a paper from the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, updating bank liquidity guidelines 
and increasing access to the Fed’s discount window would be means to this end. A reduction in the 
IOR, potentially achieved through a tiering system, would incent banks to purchase market-based 
liquid assets like Treasury bills. Increased demand from banks for government debt could therefore 
offset a large fraction of the Fed’s reduced holdings and keep yields stable. 
The Fed has about $1 trillion in securities maturing within the next year. That will serve to bound 
the size of balance sheet reduction.  The Fed will want to proceed with caution in any event, to 
remain attuned to any changes in market dynamics. 
It is not immediately clear what effect this strategy will have on reserves, credit, or financial 
conditions.  But it will be a form of monetary restraint that could reduce the need to raise interest 
rates if inflation persists. 
The Fed may never get back to its conventions of 20 years ago, and it shouldn’t try.  The economy 
and the financial system have changed a lot since then.  But a return to some basic principles may 
be wise. 
I’d sure like to return to the conventions of 20 years ago, when we didn’t face requests to post 30 
second economic blasts on social media. I know we have to change with the times, but I am 
drawing the line on dancing while forecasting. 
Against the Tide  
The Federal Reserve has spent the past four years trying to cool price increases through higher 
interest rates.  The federal funds rate is still well above its pre-pandemic average, mortgage rates 
remain elevated, and borrowing costs for households and businesses are considerably higher than 
they were in the era of ultra-low interest rates. 
But is monetary policy slowing the economy?  Fed Chair Kevin Warsh argued at the Federal 
Reserve’s Jackson Hole conference that despite higher rates, it is difficult to describe credit 
conditions as restrictive.  An examination of financial conditions suggests he may have a point. 
What ultimately matters is how easily households and businesses can obtain financing.  In some 
economies, that question is determined largely by banks.  In Europe, for example, banks account 
for about 80% of the credit received by businesses.  Capital in the United States is more often 
raised in the bond and stock markets, where investors and borrowers meet more directly, 
bypassing the banking system altogether.  Market-based sources account for a little over 50% of 
the financing used by U.S. companies.   
As a result, financial conditions involve much more than interest rates and bank lending standards.  
To capture the overall availability and cost of credit across the economy, measures of financial 
conditions typically include indicators such as equity prices, credit spreads, and market volatility.  
Strong asset prices, narrow credit spreads and low volatility generally signal that financing remains 
readily available.   
Financial conditions indexes can be complex in their construction but are simple in their 
interpretation.  If readings are above a certain level, conditions are tight.  Below that level, they are 
To reduce its assets, 
the Fed must first 
reduce its liabilities. 


[Page 4]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
4 
 
 
  
easy.  At present, measures of financial conditions compiled by the Federal Reserve and private-
sector providers remain firmly in easing territory.   
Part of the explanation lies in the resilience of risk appetite.  Healthy corporate balance sheets have 
reduced concern about defaults, compressing corporate bond spreads to near historical lows and 
making it cheaper for companies to raise financing.  Equity markets have continued to climb as 
earnings have exceeded expectations, creating opportunities to raise capital from this source. 
Another reason financial conditions appear easier is the growing importance of alternative sources 
of finance.  Private credit and private equity have increasingly stepped in to provide capital beyond 
the reach of banks and public markets, creating additional channels of funding that are not always 
fully captured by traditional measures of financial conditions.  The artificial intelligence (AI) boom 
illustrates this trend: leading AI firms, data center developers and semiconductor providers are all 
heavily reliant on private capital.  
The critical question is whether today's financial backdrop is restrictive enough to keep inflation 
contained.  While the Fed has been attempting to remove accommodation with one hand, financial 
markets have been adding it back with the other.  Policy rates may still be high, but the broader 
financial environment does not look especially restrictive.   
If inflation proves stubborn in the year ahead, the reason may not be that the Fed failed to raise 
rates enough.  It may be that easy financial conditions have offset part of their intended effect, 
leaving policymakers with more work to do. 
Little Boy Does Big Damage 
Climate anomalies have impacted our Chicago offices this summer. First, wildfire haze blanketed 
the city and dulled the views out the windows; not long after, all employees sheltered in place as 
the Loop was subject to a tornado warning.  
The world is now facing a more familiar climate hazard: an El Niño oceanic warming trend. Cycles 
of El Niño (warmer) and La Niña (cooler) waters emerge unpredictably, with effects that can linger 
for several years. Observations this summer suggest a very hot run ahead: 2027 may prove to be 
the warmest year in recorded history. 
Trade winds over the Pacific Ocean have weakened, leaving the water warmer. This alters 
temperature and rainfall patterns worldwide. An El Niño can bring both wetter and dryer weather to 
The Fed controls 
policy rates; markets 
drive most other 
financial conditions. 


[Page 5]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
5 
 
 
  
varying regions, both of which can interfere with crop production. Commodities sourced from Asia 
and the Americas will face the greatest challenges. Crop yields for the coming year were already at 
risk due to stalled fertilizer shipments from the Middle East; El Niño may push food prices higher 
still. Asia-Pacific economies are most vulnerable, spending high shares of their incomes on food. 
Consequences are already evident in the Panama Canal. Gatun Lake, the artificial reservoir that 
fills the canal, is below its normal levels; capacity through the Canal has been reduced from 36 to 
32 transits per day, and limits have been placed on how deeply they can sit in the water.  
Scientists have found evidence of El Niño emergence dating back thousands of years.  While 
today’s warming is part of a natural ebb and flow, economies may never fully recover from the 
damage done by heatwaves.  
The smoke has cleared and tornado sirens have silenced, but climate risks are still top of mind. El 
Niño may sound diminutive, but its impact could be substantial. 
  
northerntrust.com 
 
 
Information is not intended to be and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation or recommendation 
with respect to any transaction and should not be treated as legal advice, investment advice or tax advice. 
Under no circumstances should you rely upon this information as a substitute for obtaining specific legal or tax 
advice from your own professional legal or tax advisors. Information is subject to change based on market or 
other conditions and is not intended to influence your investment decisions. 
© 2026 Northern Trust Corporation. Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A. 
Incorporated with limited liability in the U.S. Products and services provided by subsidiaries of Northern Trust 
Corporation may vary in different markets and are offered in accordance with local regulation. For legal and 
regulatory information about individual market offices, visit northerntrust.com/terms-and-conditions. 
Follow Carl Tannenbaum on LinkedIn 
Agriculture will 
struggle to adapt to 
upcoming weather 
changes. 
