[Page 1]
KBC Economic Opinions
 1
01 September 2026
The futility of Bessent’s long-term Treasury buybacks 
In what’s widely interpreted as an effort to bring long-term rates down, the US increased the maximum 
ceiling of Treasury buybacks. Yet the policy largely failed to suppress long-term yields and caused 
the dollar to depreciate. This is because the operation was unexpected and largely seen as political 
(being implemented right before the midterms). The market thus largely rejected Bessent's liquidity-only 
narrative for the buybacks. The operation also fails to address the key underlying reason for rising long-
term yields, i.e. the US government debt problem. 
Long-term Treasuries have been under severe pressure 
this summer. The 30-year Treasury yield increased from 
4.91% at the end of June to 5.31% by 17 August. This rapid 
rise is assumed to have prompted the US Treasury to 
intervene. On Wednesday 19 August, it increased the 
maximum size of its buyback operations for securities 
in the 10-to-20-year and 20-to-30-year sectors from a 
ceiling of $2 billion per operation to "at least" $4 billion per 
operation. This adjustment takes effect on 9 September 
and runs through 4 November (the day after the US 
midterm election).
The government’s wish to bring down longer-term yields is 
understandable. Not only do these yields influence federal 
government borrowing costs, they also heavily influence 
long-term mortgage yields (see figure 1). These yields also 
increased substantially over the summer. As the large 
majority of US mortgage holders (around 90%) opt for 30Y 
fixed mortgages, this recent rate rise makes housing even 
more unaffordable for aspiring homeowners. 
The policy change has largely failed to achieve its 
stated purpose, however. Though 30Y Treasury yields 
dropped 10 points on the day of the announcement, 
they have rebounded strongly and were close to their 
pre-announcement levels two days later. Yields dropped 
again last week, though the decline in oil prices might be 
a more important driver here.
Part of the explanation for this subdued reaction is the 
small size of the operations. 4 billion USD per operation 
remains a drop in a bucket even for the less liquid longer 
Economic 
Opinions


[Page 2]
KBC Economic Opinions
 2
Contact: kbc.economic.research@kbc.be KBC Global Services NV, Havenlaan 2, B-1080 Brussels, 
Belgium
Responsible editor: KBC Global Services NV, Havenlaan 2 – 1080 Brussel – België – BTW BE 
0772.332.707– RPR Brussel
E-mail: kbc.economic.research@kbc.be
Any opinion expressed in this KBC Economic Opinions represents the personal opinion by the author(s). 
Neither the degree to which the hypotheses, risks and forecasts contained in this report reflect market 
expectations, nor their effective chances of realisation can be guaranteed. Any forecasts are indicative. 
The information contained in this publication is general in nature and for information purposes only. 
It may not be considered as investment advice. Sustainability is part of the overall business strategy 
of KBC Global Services NV (see https://www.kbc.com/en/corporate-sustainability.html). We take this 
strategy into account when choosing topics for our publications, but a thorough analysis of economic 
and financial developments requires discussing a wider variety of topics. This publication cannot be 
considered as ‘investment research’ as described in the law and regulations concerning the markets 
for financial instruments. Any transfer, distribution or reproduction in any form or means of information 
is prohibited without the express prior written consent of KBC Global Services NV. KBC cannot be held 
responsible for the accuracy or completeness of this information. 
Visit our website www.kbceconomics.com to 
find more analyses and projections of the KBC 
economists.
term Treasury market (see figure 2).
 Yet the key reason for its failure is that the operation fails 
to address the underlying problem. The US government 
debt is on a worrying trajectory. The US deficit is expected 
to reach 6% this year and will gradually rise to 9.1% by 2056 
according to CBO projections (assuming unchanged 
policy). Interest payments are expected to account for 
an increasingly large chunk of this deficit (see figure 3). 
Interest payments already accounted for 3.2% of GDP 
last year and are projected to increase to 6.9% by 2056. 
Consequently, the US debt held by the public is projected 
to rise from around 100% of GDP today to 175% in 2056.
 
Rather than solving the underlying issue, the Treasury 
operations will likely exacerbate debt sustainability 
concerns. Because of these operations, the US debt will 
have a shorter overall maturity (as the purchases will 
have to be financed with short-term bonds). This makes 
US government finances more sensitive to interest rate 
shocks. 
Are Treasury operations like these always doomed to fail? 
Not necessarily. Yet they should only be used to solve 
short-term liquidity issues. Treasury buybacks have been 
issued in the past to allow holders to exit illiquid positions. 
Yet that is not what is happening here. Though Treasury 
Secretary Bessent described the buybacks as a liquidity 
operation, markets viewed them as a larger operation to 
suppress long-term yields (ahead of the mid-terms). 
As the new Treasury interventions are widely viewed as 
political rather than economic, they also further eroded 
the credibility of US policy making and made investors 
more skeptical of US assets. The trade-weighted index 
of the USD declined by 0.5% after the announcement. 
Gold prices also rose. The weaker dollar raises inflationary 
pressures and thus puts further pressure on the Fed to 
raise rates in September. This is unlikely to be the result 
Bessent hoped to accomplish. 
Laurent Convent
laurent.convents@kbc.be
