[Page 1]
Generating alpha in the AI deal wave | 1
AI, not geopolitics, is dominating markets
For better or worse, credit markets have largely moved on from following 
Middle East-related headlines. Instead, fixed income investors’ focus is on tech 
earnings and issuance expectations across the AI stack.
From an earnings performance standpoint, there’s not too much to complain 
about. Data is showing increasing AI adoption, and a robust pipeline of business 
and strong delivery so far. What is concerning, however, is the never-ending 
increase in capex expectations. Partly to do with cost inflation and partly to do 
with huge data processing needs, the race to raise capital to fund AI development 
continues to accelerate. We see a strong chance of AI-related capex approaching 
$1 trillion in 2026 alone, with further increases slated for 2027. 
For Professional Investors Only | Marketing Communication 
Generating alpha in the AI deal wave
Key takeaways:
 
§ Financing the AI infrastructure build-out: AI is creating one of the 
most significant capital formation cycles in modern economic history, 
requiring unprecedented levels of capital investment across a growing 
and interconnected debt-financed ecosystem. 
 
§ A reshaping of credit markets: the resulting deluge of debt supply 
is structurally reshaping bond markets as financing moves beyond 
hyperscaler balance sheets into high yield, leveraged credit, and 
securitized debt. 
 
§ Alpha-generating opportunities: in our view, the current situation 
presents opportunities to generate alpha and boost total returns for 
fixed income clients, and particularly those who can withstand bouts 
of volatility and adopt a medium-term outlook.
With capital expenditure in AI infrastructure showing no signs 
of slowing, we look at the importance of being highly selective 
when picking AI deal structures.
Andrzej Skiba 
BlueBay Head of 
U.S. Fixed Income
Anne Greenwood, CFA
Institutional Portfolio 
Manager, U.S. Fixed Income
Published September 2026
“Investors’ focus 
is on the next 
wave of upcoming 
tech earnings and 
sector issuance 
expectations.”


[Page 2]
Generating alpha in the AI deal wave | 2
An increasing reliance on debt financing
This presents credit markets with an issue – in the 
absence of large-scale equity raising, all of this needs 
to be funded by internal cash flows and debt. As capex 
budgets move upwards, debt has to play an ever-
increasing role in this exercise. This is what we’re 
currently witnessing.
Earlier in the year, investors sought relief in the 
knowledge that hyperscalers are starting to tap markets 
other than the US dollar to fund their needs. They also 
welcomed Google’s large equity raise. However, since 
then issuance fears have returned as capex budgets 
keep moving higher. Furthermore, Google was not 
followed by other issuers with large-scale equity raises, 
and hyperscaler issuance is now happening in addition 
to large deals from specific data center projects and, 
shortly, GPU financing vehicles. 
This recognition that the issuance wave would not be 
relieved by equity raises led to a sell-off in AI-related 
debt across both investment grade and high yield. 
Issuers were forced to offer higher concessions to get 
their deals done and that, by extension, repriced spreads 
of existing deals. When there is a flood of deals hitting 
the tapes, markets need wider spreads to find a new 
equilibrium. This process might last for a while as there 
is a large pipeline of deals yet to hit the market.
“We are confident that when we look 
back at the markets a few years from 
now, this time will be seen as a unique 
opportunity to pick up high-quality 
assets at attractive valuations.”
Exhibit 1: Big revisions to hyperscaler 
capex spending
Consensus hyperscaler capex for 2027 increased 127% 
between August 2025 ($480 billion) and August 2026 
($1,088 billion)
Source: BofA, as at August 2026.
Wider spreads create opportunity
Over the medium term, however, that same widening 
is creating an opportunity for debt investors to capture 
an “AI supply premium” as spreads move wider to 
compensate investors who are starting to feel saturated. 
Additionally, over the longer term, we believe this is 
creating an opportunity for investors to not only earn 
incremental spread and carry but also: 
 
§ Benefit from greater dispersion as capital intensity and 
access to capital widens the divide between the “haves” 
and “have nots”.
 
§ Capture term structure spread premium and relative 
value across credit curves.
 
§ Take advantage of opportunities across the AI debt 
financing market, which is expected to grow to north of 
$2 trillion (and by some estimates meaningfully higher) in 
the coming years, creating an investable opportunity set 
that is larger than the entire U.S. high yield market today.
Attractive valuations, selective exposure
In terms of our portfolios, we are moderately and 
selectively overweight the space as valuations are getting 
to undoubtedly attractive levels, in our view. However, 
there are a few important caveats. In investment grade, 
we’re underweight most high-quality hyperscalers, as 
we see the least resistance to their spreads converging 
towards the likes of Oracle with each successive wave of 
issuance. We like select data center deals, but only those 
with either fully amortizing structures where you face no 
refinancing risk in the future, or those with strong residual 
value guarantees from high quality tenants. 
In high yield, our preference is for deals that we strongly 
expect to be called in two years’ time, once the projects 
are built and refinanced in either investment grade 
corporate or ABS markets. 
We can easily see extended periods of elevated volatility 
in the AI-related space ahead, and for that reason, we 
prefer to size our positions conservatively, run a diversified 
book of holdings and avoid weaker structures at all costs, 
irrespective of their valuation appeal. 
Summary
We are confident that when we look back at the 
markets a few years from now, this time will be seen 
as a unique opportunity to pick up high-quality 
assets at attractive valuations, to be rewarded for 
in-depth credit underwriting work that separates 
the “haves” from the “have nots,” and to capture 
opportunities through actively, nimble portfolios 
as markets adjust. 
1,400
1,200
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
Aug 25
Nov 25
Feb 26
May 26
Aug 26
Data of consensus forecast
 2027 capex consensus ($bn) 
 2028


[Page 3]
Generating alpha in the AI deal wave | 3
Authors 
Andrzej Skiba 
Head of U.S. Fixed Income
Andrzej is head of the BlueBay U.S. Fixed Income team based in Minneapolis and Stamford. He assumed this role 
in 2021 following the alignment of BlueBay’s U.S. business with RBC GAM (U.S.) in the same year. Andrzej moved 
to this position after an 8-year stint as a senior portfolio manager on the Developed Markets team, where he was 
responsible for global leverage finance and investment grade & rates. Prior to joining BlueBay in 2005, Andrzej 
had worked for an investment bank as a credit analyst covering European investment grade telecom, media, 
and utility sectors. He started his career in the investment industry in 2001.
Andrzej holds a BSc (Hons) in Management and International Business Economics from the University 
of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology, and is a CFA charterholder.
Anne Greenwood, CFA 
Institutional Portfolio Manager, U.S. Fixed Income, RBC Global Asset Management (U.S.) Inc
Anne is an Institutional Portfolio Manager at RBC GAM-US, specializing in U.S. Fixed Income. In this role, she 
leads efforts to position the firm’s fixed income capabilities with investors and supports U.S. Distribution teams 
in engaging with clients, consultants, and prospects. Acting as a representative for the investment teams, 
Anne manages internal and external engagements and serves as the primary contact for strategy-related 
inquiries and initiatives. Before joining RBC GAM in 2025, Anne was an Investment Director at Wellington 
Management Company, focusing on Liability-Driven Investing and U.S. Investment Grade Credit. Prior to her 
tenure at Wellington, Anne held various positions at J.P. Morgan Asset Management (JPMAM) from 2010 to 
2022. As Executive Director and Global Credit Investment Specialist, she managed JPMAM’s global credit client 
relationships. Anne holds an A.B. in Sociology from Princeton University. She is a CFA charterholder and holds 
FINRA Series 7 and 63 certifications.


[Page 4]
This material is provided by RBC Global Asset Management (RBC GAM) for informational purposes only and may not be reproduced, distributed or published 
without the written consent of RBC GAM or its affiliated entities listed herein. This material does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy or to sell any 
security, product or service in any jurisdiction; nor is it intended to provide investment, financial, legal, accounting, tax, or other advice and such information 
should not be relied or acted upon for providing such advice. This material is not available for distribution to investors in jurisdictions where such distribution 
would be prohibited.
RBC GAM is the asset management division of Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) which includes RBC Global Asset Management Inc. (RBC GAM Inc.), RBC Global 
Asset Management (U.S.) Inc. (RBC GAM-US), RBC Global Asset Management (UK) Limited (RBC GAM-UK), and RBC Global Asset Management (Asia) Limited 
(RBC GAM-Asia), which are separate, but affiliated subsidiaries of RBC.
In Canada, this material is provided by RBC GAM Inc. (including PH&N Institutional), which is regulated by each provincial and territorial securities commission. 
In the United States (US), this material is provided by RBC GAM-US, a federally registered investment adviser. In the United Kingdom (UK) and Australia 
this material is provided by RBC GAM-UK, which is authorised and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. In the European Economic Area  (EEA), 
this material is provided by BlueBay Funds Management Company S.A. (BBFM S.A.), which is regulated by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier 
(CSSF). In Germany, France, Sweden, Italy, Spain and Netherlands the BBFM S.A. is operating under a branch passport pursuant to the Undertakings for 
Collective Investment in Transferable Securities Directive (2009/65/EC) and the Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive (2011/61/EU). In Spain, 
BlueBay Funds Management S.A is registered with the CNMV under No. 607. In Switzerland, this material is provided by BlueBay Asset Management AG where 
the Representative and Paying Agent is BNP Paribas Securities Services, Paris, succursale de Zurich, Selnaustrasse 16, 8002 Zurich, Switzerland. In Japan, 
this material is provided by BlueBay Asset Management International Limited, which is registered with the Kanto Local Finance Bureau of Ministry of Finance, 
Japan. In Asia, this material is provided by RBC GAM-Asia, which is licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) in Hong Kong.
Additional information about RBC GAM may be found at www.rbcgam.com.
This material has not been reviewed by, and is not registered with any securities or other regulatory authority, and may, where appropriate and permissible, 
be distributed by the above-listed entities in their respective jurisdictions.
Any investment and economic outlook information contained in this material has been compiled by RBC GAM from various sources. Information obtained from 
third parties is believed to be reliable, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by RBC GAM, its affiliates or any other person as to its 
accuracy, completeness or correctness. RBC GAM and its affiliates assume no responsibility for any errors or omissions in such information.
Opinions contained herein reflect the judgment and thought leadership of RBC GAM and are subject to change at any time. Such opinions are for informational 
purposes only and are not intended to be investment or financial advice and should not be relied or acted upon for providing such advice. RBC GAM does not 
undertake any obligation or responsibility to update such opinions.
RBC GAM reserves the right at any time and without notice to change, amend or cease publication of this information.
Past performance is not indicative of future results. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
Some of the statements contained in this material may be considered forward-looking statements which provide current expectations or forecasts of future 
results or events. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events and involve risks and uncertainties. Do not place undue 
reliance on these statements because actual results or events may differ materially from those described in such forward-looking statements as a result 
of various factors. Before making any investment decisions, we encourage you to consider all relevant factors carefully.
® / TM Trademark(s) of Royal Bank of Canada. Used under licence.
© RBC Global Asset Management Inc., 2026
Published September 2026
RE/0413/09/26
