[Page 1]
 
AI Data Center CapEx To Hit Up To $50 Trillion By 
2050: PwC 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 04, 2026 - 08:00 PM 
We have entered the 'really silly numbers' phase of the AI bubble. 
According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, which appears to now be in the business of doing on 
demand, paid "analyses" for AI companies, global data center spending is set to reach $31.6 
trillion through 2050 to meet the world’s growing appetite for AI, which would make it an 
investment boom with no precedent in history and larger than all previous bubbles put together. 
Dwarfing such spending bubbles as the railways, internet and electrification, spending on data 
centers could even hit $50 trillion over the next two and a half decades if AI adoption 
accelerates beyond PwC’s “central scenario” forecast, the firm said in a report Wednesday. For 
a bit of a sanity check, US GDP is roughly $30 trillion, and most of that is due to the already 
bonkers amount of debt. 
 


[Page 2]
 
With consumers, companies and governments increasingly using AI - or at least that's what they 
want people to believe, when in reality it is just a bunch of hardcore computer programmers and 
small group of high level execs as everyone else operating chatbots is just training their 
replacement - tech giants like Microsoft and Amazon as well as neoclouds are setting up new 
computing facilities across the planet at a rapid clip. The bulk of the spending will go into what 
fills the data centers - hardware from companies such as global AI chip leader Nvidia - as well 
as the actual construction of data centers (we did a detailed breakdown of this in "Behind The 
Data Center Boom: Here's Who Makes All The Key Components"). 
At the same time, the tech industry is trying to blunt a backlash against data centers that 
threatens to slow down the buildout, a buildout which will slow on its own regardless since there 
is nowhere near enough energy to power up the army of data centers that are supposed to 
come online in the next 5 years. As we reported recently, at least 75 projects, worth about $130 
billion combined, were blocked or delayed by local opposition during the first three months of 
this year, according to research group Data Center Watch. Protesters cite concerns about 
environmental impact, resource consumption and more broadly how AI could upend 
employment and society. 
The US will capture nearly half the projected data center spending, at $15.1 trillion, PwC said. 
The Asia-Pacific region will follow at $8.2 trillion, Europe at $5.6 trillion, the Middle East at $1.1 
trillion and Africa at $255 billion of the cumulative capital expenditure, according to PwC’s 
inaugural Global Data Center Outlook. 


[Page 3]
 
 
Applying the now traditional extrapolation error we have observed in every single bubble, PwC 
wrote that traditional spending will keep rising through mid-century as graphics processing units, 
servers, storage systems, networking equipment and other hardware will require routine 
replacement. Recurring chip upgrades and not land or construction, will account for most of the 
investment, quite unlike traditional capex cycles like prior generations of memory chip 
production or the global fiber internet rollout, which “front loaded” investments, taking on costs 
and risks upfront. 
“Railways. Electrification. The internet. Each required enormous amounts of capital and defined 
an era,” the researchers said in the report. “The AI infrastructure cycle underway dwarfs all 
three. This one resets every four to six years - and shows no signs of ending.” 
Right, what PwC forgot to mention is that with Hyperscaler free cash flow now history, the entire 
cycle will rely on the goodwill of credit markets, which as we reported months ago has become a 


[Page 4]
 
full-blown bubble, and what's worse, is now competing with US treasuries for demand. 
Eventually, the US will have to make a choice between funding the biggest every ponzi scheme 
(the US government) or the biggest ever bubble (AI). Either outcome will be very ugly. 
On an annual basis, global data center spending will increase from about $800 billion this year 
to $1.1 trillion in 2030 and $1.8 trillion in 2050, PwC predicted. China and India will drive the 
largest share of incremental demand, supported by large populations, rapidly expanding digital 
economies, and substantial headroom for AI to embed in business and consumer activity. 
PwC commissioned Oxford Economics to model data center capital expenditure, with the report 
covering 46 countries and territories, and five regions, which account for the bulk of global 
economic activity and digital infrastructure investment. In other words, in about a year when the 
funding for the "AI supercycle" magically disappears, everyone will be able to mock the 
"economists" at Oxford economics for taking a line, and applying a straight line ruler 
extrapolation to it, with what appears to be AI "logic."  
While global demand is strong, factors such as power availability, data sovereignty requirements 
and the flow of semiconductors will determine which regions capture the investments, PwC said. 
And repating what we have said since 2024, the consultancy wrote that power will be the 
foremost factor that shapes where AI infrastructure investment occurs. 
Indeed, much of the forecast hinges on how fast reliable electricity supply for data centers can 
be established, the report said. Affordable, reliable, and increasingly low-carbon electricity at 
scale is the hardest requirement for many markets to meet. It's also why of the 500 or so GW in 
data centers planned for the US by 2030, maybe 50 will be built. Most likely far less. 
And while the researchers’ projection assumes a fairly open trading system where chips move 
freely across borders, disruptions in semiconductor supply chains could cut global investment 
by nearly 20%, they said. Meanwhile, a growing sovereignty push could redistribute, but not 
reduce, global investment. 
“The $31.6 trillion question isn’t whether the capital exists. It does,” the researchers said. “Nor is 
the question whether the demand is real. It is. The question is which regions, operators, and 
institutions are positioned to capture it and which aren’t.” 
Actually, that sentence is dead wrong: neither the capital, nor the demand are at the level that 
the PwC report believes, incorrectly, they are. But to conclude the opposite would threaten to 
trigger an epic market crash, and no consultancy which is paid by its clients (in this case AI 
firms) for its "objective conclusion" would be willing to risk that.   
More in the full PwC report. 
 
