[Page 1]
 
Treasury ETFs Have Seen A Very Heavy Week Of 
Outflows 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 04, 2026 - 05:45 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
ETFs of Treasury bonds have seen one of their largest outflows over the last week. Historically 
that has preceded higher or lower yields, however seasonality favours the latter. Another weak 
payrolls print today would also point in that direction. 
The fiscal concerns, buyback shenanigans and inflation worries preoccupying the market have 
made it to the ears of retail traders. They have then voted with their feet, resulting in the largest 
weekly outflow from Treasury ETFs going back for as long as the first such products appeared 
around 2002. 
Of course, more products have appeared over time, so it’s fairer to compare the flow to the total 
NAV. On that basis, the current weekly outflow has only been exceeded, or near exceeded, on 
only a handful of occasions over the last 20 years or so. 
 
Unfortunately, it’s a bit of mixed bag for what yields did next. 


[Page 2]
 
I have marked the occasions where Treasury ETF outflows have been of similar magnitude on 
the chart, and we can see about half of the times yields rose, and fell the other half (excluding 
the 2020 basis trade unwind). 
Bonds are still overbought, if we look at the annual change of Bloomberg’s Treasury index, so 
we could see more upside for yields if prices continue to mean revert. 
On the other side of the ledger, however, my fair value for yields, based on global central bank 
rates, the yield curve, oil and the policy rate, sees the 10-year yield as a little too high, by about 
13 bps. 
And seasonality strongly favours lower yields into the end of the year. The third and fourth 
quarters show a strong bias for lower yields on average. 
 
Structural concerns over the size of the government deficit could of course upend all of these 
historical relationships, but that aside, the path of least resistance over the shorter term (one to 
two months) looks to be for lower yields, despite the concerns of retail traders. 
 
 
 
