[Page 1]
This document is intended for institutional investors and is not subject to all of the
independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research reports prepared for retail
investors under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242. Barclays trades the securities covered in this report for its
own account and on a discretionary basis on behalf of certain clients. Such trading interests
may be contrary to the recommendations offered in this report.
Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its affiliates does and seeks to do business with companies
covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a
conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision.
This research report has been prepared in whole or in part by equity research analysts based
outside the US who are not registered/qualified as research analysts with FINRA.
(i) This author is a debt research analyst in the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities
Research department and is neither an equity research analyst nor subject to all of the
independence and disclosure standards applicable to analysts who produce debt research
reports under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242.
(ii) This author is a member of the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities Research
department and is not an equity or debt research analyst.
FOR ANALYST CERTIFICATION(S) PLEASE SEE PAGE 152.
FOR IMPORTANT EQUITY RESEARCH DISCLOSURES, PLEASE SEE PAGE 152.
FOR IMPORTANT FIXED INCOME RESEARCH DISCLOSURES, PLEASE SEE PAGE 158.
The global energy race
Energy in the age of fragmentation
AI, electrification and energy security are driving energy
demand faster than supply and infrastructure can respond,
creating a more inflationary, capital-intensive and
strategically important energy system than markets expect.
The outlook for the global energy sector is the most attractive it has been for two decades.
The energy transition increasingly looks like a process of energy addition rather than
substitution, with demand for oil, gas, electricity and renewable power rising
simultaneously. Population growth, economic development, electrification, AI and digital
infrastructure are driving energy demand higher, while geopolitical fragmentation has
increased the value of reliable and secure supply. Following a decade of underinvestment
in parts of the sector, supply and infrastructure are struggling to keep pace. The result is a
more capital-intensive, strategically important and potentially more inflationary energy
system than markets currently assume. We estimate annual energy investment
requirements could reach approximately $3.6trn in 2027, making energy one of the largest
capital-allocation opportunities of the coming decade.
Energy is a growth sector: Often described as "old economy" by wider markets, we take the
opposite view. We see the broad energy ecosystem as one of the most attractive structural
growth opportunities globally and strategically more important than the market perceives.
 Rather than entering terminal decline, energy demand is being supported by rising electricity
consumption, industrial development, digital infrastructure and growing emerging-market
energy needs. Demand growth in 2025 exceeded the 10-year average and we expect above-
trend growth to persist for at least the next five years. Meeting this demand will require
contributions from all forms of energy. While renewable energy will play an increasingly
Cross Asset Research
3 September 2026
SIGNATURE
Macro Research
Ajay Rajadhyaksha(i)
+1 212 412 7669
ajay.rajadhyaksha@barclays.com
BCI, US
US Credit Research
Harry Mateer(i)
+1 212 412 7903
harry.mateer@barclays.com
BCI, US
Economics Research
Christian Keller(ii)
+44 (0) 20 7773 2031
christian.keller@barclays.com
Barclays, UK
Equities - U.S. Energy Services &
Technology
J. David Anderson, CFA
+1 212 526 4016
jdavid.anderson@barclays.com
BCI, US
Equities - U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Betty Jiang
+1 212 526 3557
betty.jiang@barclays.com
BCI, US
Equities - European Integrated Energy
Lydia Rainforth, CFA
+44 (0)20 3134 6669
lydia.rainforth@barclays.com
Barclays, UK
Completed: 02-Sep-26, 23:44 GMT Released: 03-Sep-26, 03:01 GMT
Restricted - External


[Page 2]
important role in reducing emissions, conventional fuels remain essential for reliability,
affordability and security of supply. The result is not a simple replacement of one energy source
by another, but a more diversified and capital-intensive system: an era of energy addition,
rather than substitution.
Our new proprietary global energy model supports this conclusion: We forecast energy
demand growth of 1.9% CAGR from 2025-2050E. We expect energy demand from data centres
to drive ~32 quad BTU of incremental energy needs by 2040 (ie, over 600GW of data centre
capacity), or  ~3.4% of total energy demand (this is roughly equivalent to Russia's total energy
use in 2025). We expect a steady increase in global EV fleet penetration, with EV mix as a
percentage of the overall fleet growing at ~15% CAGR between 2020 and 2050, reaching nearly
~60% of the fleet in 2050. This will leave transportation as ~14% of global energy use by 2050,
down from 17.5% in 2025. 
Global race for capital: Meeting energy demand will require one of the largest investment
cycles in modern industrial history. Capital will be needed not only to maintain existing
production capacity, but also to expand generation, transmission, storage and supporting
infrastructure as governments and corporations prioritise energy security. Across both
conventional and renewable energy markets, project pipelines continue to grow, creating
opportunities for equipment suppliers, engineering contractors and infrastructure developers.
We estimate annual capital expenditure across energy supply, power systems and end-use
infrastructure will reach $3.6trn in 2027, growing more than 5% per year. This is more than
three times the capital currently required for the planned AI infrastructure build-out,
highlighting the scale of the opportunity and making access to capital and balance-sheet
strength increasingly important competitive advantages.
Increased risk of higher commodity-driven inflation: Previous periods of energy
underinvestment were typically followed by supply responses. This cycle is different.
Electrification, AI and energy security are creating new, long-duration sources of demand, while
supply constraints, permitting challenges and infrastructure bottlenecks are limiting the pace at
which new capacity can be brought online. The resulting imbalance increases the risk of
structurally tighter energy markets, higher commodity price volatility and more persistent
inflation than markets currently expect.
Energy security increasingly influences policy decisions: Recent geopolitical developments
have reinforced the strategic importance of energy security for governments worldwide.
Ensuring access to reliable, affordable and secure energy supplies has become a central policy
objective, driving support for domestic production, infrastructure investment and supply-chain
diversification. As a result, energy security is increasingly shaping both policy and capital
allocation decisions, providing additional support for investment across the energy sector. We
outline ten geo-economic trends that we believe will shape global energy markets over the
coming decade.
Wide-ranging investment opportunities across the value chain: The convergence of rising
energy demand, substantial investment requirements, supportive pricing dynamics and
increasing energy-security priorities is creating opportunities across multiple segments of the
sector and across asset classes. Upstream producers, energy services companies, infrastructure
owners, power utilities and technology providers enabling system expansion all stand to benefit
from the evolving landscape. Given the scale of investment required and the long duration of
many energy projects, companies with strategic assets, strong balance sheets and access to
capital appear particularly well positioned. We identify opportunities across the energy value
chain, including integrated energy companies, LNG, pipelines, power infrastructure, utilities,
energy services and companies enabling system expansion. We outline our preferred equity and
3 September 2026
2
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 3]
credit exposures in Figures 60-64. Across our equity coverage, we see significant scope for
earnings upgrades and valuation re-rating. We identify our preferred OW stocks across the
global energy complex and note that on average, our 2028 EPS forecasts are 11% above
consensus, while our price targets imply 30% of potential upside. We are most optimistic on
2028e earnings upgrades for our preferred OW stocks in the European Oil Services (33%),
European O&G (28%) and US Oil Services (28%) sectors and see the greatest re-rating
potential upside in the next 12 months for our preferred OW stocks in North America Clean
Tech, European Oil Services and European Utilities. 
3 September 2026
3
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 4]
CONTENTS
Foreword . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Quick takes - Macro, Thematic, Equity, Credit and Strategy. . . . . . . . . . . 9
Global energy model . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
Exploring our data centre and EV growth forecasts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
Part 1: Macro and Thematic views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
The changing geo-economics of energy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
The inflation dynamic. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
Commodities in focus . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23
FX: Data sovereignty, energy security and dollar exceptionalism. . . . . 30
A new era for energy expansion . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
Public Policy: Can the US build power fast enough?. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 38
Part 2: Equity and Credit views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
Summary of recommendations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
Oil services - US Equity views . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 49
Oil services - Europe Equity views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 54
Oil and Gas  - US & Europe Equity views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60
Oil and Gas - Europe & LatAm Credit views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 79
Clean Tech - North America Equity views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
Energy - US Credit views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 89
Utilities and Power - US & Europe Equity views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 95
Utilities and Power - US, Europe & LatAm Credit views. . . . . . . . . . . . . 103
Asia Pacific Credit views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 112
EEMEA Corporates - Credit views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 122
Part 3: Equity and Credit Strategy views. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 126
US Equity Strategy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 126
European Equity Strategy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 127
US Credit Strategy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 128
European Credit Strategy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 129
Case study - Physical AI and energy. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 130
Appendix. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 133
3 September 2026
4
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 5]
Foreword 
Ajay Rajadhyaksha(i) BCI, US
The global energy race
AI's speed with which it spreads through the world economy, the use cases it
generates in industry after industry, its effect on the labor market, the societal
implication, etc: this will be the defining macro theme for the next decade. The
global energy race, we believe, will be a close second.
In 2025, every major energy source – oil, natural gas, coal, solar, wind, nuclear –
notched new highs. All of them. Oil consumption rose to a record. Natural gas hit a
record. Coal hit a record. And renewable capacity additions were the largest in
history, with solar photovoltaic systems (PV) alone meeting more than a quarter of
global demand growth for the first time. This is not what the consensus predicted. A
decade ago, the prevailing narrative was sequential. Renewables would rise, but
fossil fuels were supposed to decline. The energy system would transition from one to
the other, in an orderly fashion. The reality has been messier, more expensive, and
hence more consequential for capital markets.
The world is not substituting one energy system for another. It is running both
simultaneously, and it does not have enough capital deployed in either. That is the
central argument of this report. Energy demand is rising at the same time as
geopolitical fragmentation is increasing the premium on energy security. The result is
a growing race for capital across resources, infrastructure, and power systems – a
race that the current level of investment is not winning. Not only has the energy
transition not stopped, but the next phase will require significantly more investment
across a far broader set of assets than the market currently appreciates. That
includes not only renewables and electrification, but also oil and gas
exploration, LNG export capacity, power transmission and storage networks, refining
resilience, energy services, and other critical infrastructure that keeps the system
functioning while it transforms.
The implications for equity, credit, and commodity markets are substantial. The
sector-by-sector analysis that follows in subsequent sections, written by our analysts
across the energy complex, identifies which parts of the value chain are best
positioned to attract this capital and generate returns from it. This overview sets the
stage. 
The capital misallocation
The energy transition was always going to be expensive. What was underestimated
was how long the existing system would need to keep running at full capacity while
the new one was being built. Between 2015 and 2022, a combination of ESG-driven
capital reallocation, shareholder pressure for returns over growth, and policy signals
favouring clean energy led to a sustained reduction in upstream oil and gas
investment. Global upstream capital expenditure is still roughly 45% below peak
levels. The industry was told – by investors, regulators, and in some cases its own
management teams – that demand was peaking and that new supply investment
was stranded capital. The market acted accordingly. But demand did not peak.
We expect underlying oil demand growth at over 6 million barrels per day in 2025-30,
driven overwhelmingly by non-OECD economies. At the same time, the industry must
3 September 2026
5
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 6]
replace more than 7 million barrels per day of output annually just to maintain
existing supply, before any demand growth is accounted for. It is not investing
enough to do even that.
Meanwhile, clean energy investment has surged, reaching a record $2.3 trillion in
2025, more than double the $1 trillion flowing into fossil fuels. This is a remarkable
achievement. But it has not been sufficient to displace the fossil fuel system it was
intended to replace.  
The arithmetic is unforgiving: global energy demand grew 1.3% in 2025, and while
low-emissions sources contributed nearly 60% of that, the remaining 40% still
required more oil, more gas, and more coal. The world added clean energy at an
impressive pace. It just was not fast enough to allow the old system to shrink. The
result is a system that is underinvested on both sides. Traditional energy has been
starved of the capital needed to maintain supply. Clean energy, while attracting
record investment, remains geographically concentrated – roughly 75% of global
clean energy investment flows to a small number of markets – and has not yet built
the grid infrastructure, storage capacity, or baseload reliability needed to serve as a
full replacement. The capital gap exists everywhere one looks.
And now come the new demand drivers
What makes the current moment different from previous cycles of energy
underinvestment is that demand is being driven by forces that are structural rather
than cyclical. Three in particular deserve attention.
1. Electrification is accelerating globally
Global electricity demand is forecast to grow 3.7% in 2026, more than twice the rate
of total energy demand. The IEA projects this pace will continue through 2027 and
beyond, driven by electric vehicles, heat pumps, air conditioning, and industrial
electrification, particularly in emerging economies where appliance ownership and
cooling demand are rising rapidly. Electrification is the mechanism through which
de-carbonization is supposed to work: move end-uses from direct fossil fuel
combustion to the grid, then clean the grid. The problem is that the first half of that
equation is proceeding faster than the second. Countries are electrifying their
economies before the grid – and the generation capacity behind it – is ready.
2. AI and data centres are driving a step-change in electricity demand
Global data centre electricity consumption is forecast to reach 565 terawatt-hours in
2026, up 26% from 447 TWh in 2025. Related power demand is expected to reach 132
gigawatts this year and could hit 290 gigawatts by 2030. AI-optimized servers now
account for 31% of total data centre power consumption, up from roughly 20% a year
ago. The IEA projects that data centre electricity consumption could double to 945
TWh by 2030, approximately 3% of total global electricity demand. This is not a
rounding error. It is a new structural source of baseload electricity demand that did
not exist at scale five years ago; that is growing at 25-30% annually; and that requires
the kind of reliable, continuous power supply that intermittent renewables alone
cannot yet provide. It is showing up in the inflation data – AI-related electricity costs
are a measurable contributor to the rise in core PCE – and it is reshaping utility
planning, grid investment, and power procurement across every major economy.
3. Geopolitical shocks have repriced energy security
The war in Ukraine, the conflict with Iran, and the broader fragmentation of the
global trading system have fundamentally altered how governments think about
3 September 2026
6
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 7]
energy supply. The assumption that energy could be sourced from the cheapest
global supplier, transported through open sea lanes, and priced in transparent
commodity markets has been challenged in ways that are not reversible. Europe's
forced pivot away from Russian pipeline gas replacing it with LNG from the United
States, Qatar, and a patchwork of alternative suppliers – was the most dramatic
example, but it is not the only one. Asia's LNG importers scrambled to diversify
supply chains after the Iran conflict threatened critical transit routes. Countries
across the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America are positioning themselves as
alternative suppliers and competing to attract international energy capital.
The result is a global energy system that is less integrated, more regionalised, and
more expensive to operate, requiring significantly more redundant infrastructure
than the pre-2022 model assumed. 
Energy security is reshaping capital allocation
The geopolitical dimension deserves particular emphasis because it changes the
investment calculus in ways that standard energy models do not capture. When
energy security is taken for granted, as it largely was in the two decades before 2022,
capital allocation optimises for cost. The cheapest source of supply wins. That logic
favoured concentrated production (OPEC, Russia), long global supply chains (LNG
tankers, oil tankers through the Strait of Hormuz), and minimal investment in
redundancy. It was efficient. It was also fragile. The system that is emerging is
different.
Countries are building strategic reserves, contracting for long-term LNG supply,
investing in domestic production capacity, and – critically – diversifying not just their
energy sources, but also their energy suppliers. This is not cost-optimised. It is
resilience-optimised. And resilience requires capital. More LNG regasification
terminals. More pipeline interconnectors. More strategic storage. More refining
capacity distributed across regions, rather than concentrated in the lowest-cost
locations. Global refining is a case in point. Permanent plant closures and war-
related damage have cut global refinery output by an estimated 4.5 million barrels
per day in the second quarter of 2026. Crack spreads – the margin between crude oil
and refined products – have reached record levels, with the US 3-2-1 crack spread
hitting $64 per barrel and global refining margins touching $59. These are not normal
numbers. They reflect a structural shortage of refining capacity that years of
underinvestment and geopolitical disruption have created. Even if both the Ukraine
and Iran conflicts were to end tomorrow, it would take years to rebuild the refining
capacity that has been lost. The market is telling us, in the clearest possible terms,
that the downstream infrastructure is insufficient. The same logic applies across the
energy value chain.
Grid investment needs to grow more than 50% by 2030, from roughly $400 billion
annually to over $600 billion, just to meet national climate targets, according to the
IEA. More than 2,500 gigawatts of renewable energy, storage, and large-load projects
(including data centres) are currently stalled in grid connection queues worldwide.
The bottleneck is not generation. It is the wires, transformers, substations, and
interconnectors that move electricity from where it is produced to where it is
consumed. This infrastructure takes years to permit and build, has been chronically
underfunded, and is now the binding constraint on both the energy transition and
the AI build-out.
3 September 2026
7
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 8]
Energy addition, not substitution, is the present – and the future
The data support a clear conclusion: the world is in an era of energy addition, not
substitution. All major energy sources are growing. The IEA's own Global Energy
Review 2026 confirms that oil, natural gas, and coal each reached record
consumption levels in 2025. Renewables are growing faster – solar PV contributed
the largest single share of demand growth for the first time – but they are growing in
addition to fossil fuels, not instead of them. This is likely to persist for several
years. Non-OECD energy demand is being driven by industrialisation, urbanisation,
and rising living standards, forces that are not discretionary and that require energy
in all its forms. India's electricity demand is growing at 6-7% per year. Southeast Asia
is building coal plants alongside solar farms. The Middle East is investing in
renewable capacity and upstream oil production simultaneously.
The assumption that the world would transition linearly from fossil fuels to
renewables was always an abstraction. The reality is a system that needs more of
everything, for longer, than the models assumed. This is not an argument against the
energy transition. It is an argument for realism about its pace and its capital
requirements.
The transition is happening: renewable capacity additions, EV adoption rates, and
clean energy investment are all at record levels. But it is happening inside a system
where total energy demand continues to grow, where fossil fuel infrastructure is
ageing and underinvested, where geopolitical risk demands redundancy, and where
entirely new sources of demand (AI, data centres, electrification) are adding load
faster than the grid can absorb it.
The net result is that investment is required across resources and infrastructure –
traditional and renewable, upstream and downstream, generation and transmission
– to maintain a secure, affordable, and resilient energy system. The capital
requirements are larger, more diverse, and more sustained than the market is
currently pricing. 
Opportunities across sectors and markets
The remainder of this report moves from the macro to the specific. Our sector
analysts across equities and credit have identified the parts of the energy value chain
where this capital race creates the most compelling investment opportunities – and
the most significant risks.
The analysis spans upstream exploration and production, LNG infrastructure, power
generation and transmission, refining and petrochemicals, energy services, and the
enabling technologies that sit at the intersection of the old energy system and the
new.
The macro framing is simple. Energy demand is growing. Energy security is being
repriced. The capital deployed across the system is insufficient. And the next phase
of the energy transition, whether measured in barrels, megawatts, or miles of
transmission line, will require more investment, across more assets, for longer than
the market currently expects. The question for investors is not whether this capital
will be deployed. It is who deploys it, where, and at what return. 
3 September 2026
8
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 9]
Quick takes - Macro, Thematic, Equity, Credit and Strategy
FIGURE 1.
Asset
Class
Sector
Quick take
Lead analyst
Macro
Executive
Summary
Energy addition, not substitution: The world is not simply replacing one energy source with another. Demand growth means almost every part of the energy system needs
more capital, creating a larger and more complex energy ecosystem.
Ajay
Rajadhyaksha
Capital
Capex across the energy sector, spanning oil and gas, pipelines, refineries, LNG, grids, power generation, renewables and electrification, is set to rise from $2.7tn in 2015 to
$3.4tn in 2026 (IEA). Our spending forecasts are based on the gap between the supply capacity delivered by current investment levels over the past decade and the new
capacity required by our demand outlook. Put simply, above-trend energy demand growth (1.9% CAGR 2026-2050e) will require above-trend growth in spending.
Team view
Geo-economics
Energy is increasingly strategic. The US and China are best positioned through energy resources, infrastructure and supply chains, while Europe faces major investment
needs. The Middle East is tilting toward Asia while Africa, Latam and parts of Asia should benefit from rising demand. Australia is set to be a key geo-economic player being a
capital-rich advanced economy blessed with an abundance of renewable, fossil, nuclear fuel deposits.
Christian
Keller
Inflation
Markets may be underestimating inflation risk: energy scarcity, commodity tightness, geopolitical fragmentation could prove more inflationary than consensus expects,
challenging the prevailing disinflation narrative.
Jon Hill, Pooja
Sriram
Commodities
Commodity markets remain structurally tight as inventories stay low and investment remains constrained. We continue to see upside risks to energy prices relative to market
expectations. Energy price volatility is likely to remain a defining feature of this cycle. We recommend long Brent call spreads in the futures space.
Amarpreet
Singh
FX
We believe energy security and data sovereignty will remain key drivers of global capital flows, reinforcing US exceptionalism and supporting a structurally stronger US
dollar. At the same time, a growing divide between energy and digital "haves" and "have-nots" is likely to favour energy and commodity exporters, while weighing on the
competitiveness and currencies of more import-dependent economies.
Themos
Fiotakis,
Lefteris
Farmakis
Thema
tic
Energy
Transition
Energy security and competitiveness are emerging as transition drivers on par with sustainability. Rapidly rising energy transition capex is still insufficient to meet global
needs. In the new energy equation, reliability is attracting a premium - we see nuclear fusion as a future technology with the potential to revolutionise the energy system and
potentially solve the energy trilemma in the second half of the century.
Maggie O'Neal
US Public
Policy
US Energy, industrial and national-security objectives are becoming more closely linked. US policy support may help accelerate investment, but geopolitical risks remain a
key source of market volatility.
Michael
McLean
Equitie
s
US Oil Services
We view the current environment as the best setup for the Energy Services sector in 20 years. Following a decade of underinvestment in oil & gas, we expect a rebound in the
years ahead as energy security priorities/concerns come to the forefront. Energy security, offshore growth and AI power needs extend the cycle. OW: HAL, FTI, SEI. UW: NOV.
J. David
Anderson
Europe Oil
Services
As Europe seeks a greater diversification of its energy supply by both geography and source, European Energy Services will become a key enabler, serving as a principal
conduit through which conventional, unconventional and renewables are delivered to market. The set-up, in our view, is akin to the mid-2000s. OW: Technip Energies,
Tecnicas, TGS, Tenaris, Vallourec.
Mick Pickup
US O&G
A mature U.S. shale sector does not imply declining production, but it does imply greater scarcity value for future growth, higher strategic importance for secure molecules,
and increasing competition for access to long-duration resources. We believe investors continue to underappreciate this shift. OW: XOM, COP, OXY, EQT. UW: CNX.
Betty Jiang
Europe O&G
Following a period when capital allocation increasingly focused on renewables and low-carbon opportunities, we are seeing a renewed emphasis on upstream oil and gas.
Companies that combine strong balance sheets, asset scale and capital-allocation flexibility will be best placed to fund this next phase of energy development. OW: BP,
TotalEnergies, Eni. UW: OMV.
Lydia
Rainforth
North America
Midstream
Refining
We expect global demand for US NGLs, LNG, and refined product exports to remain structurally higher going forward, giving rise to contracting tailwinds and incremental
expansion opportunities for our midstream operators with exposure to these assets. OW: ET, PPL, VLO. UW: PAA.
Theresa Chen
US Utilities
The US utility sector is experiencing its biggest demand shift since air conditioning, driven by AI and data centres. AI and electrification make power, grids and flexibility
scarce assets. Higher load growth translates into the higher capital requirements and, therefore, greater financing needs. This creates higher equity needs to maintain
balance sheet health and credit ratings. OW: PPL, Entergy, Xcel.
Nicholas
Campanella
3 September 2026
9
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 10]
Asset
Class
Sector
Quick take
Lead analyst
Europe Utilities Europe has reached a power-demand inflection point, increasing the value of grids, networks and flexible generation. OW: Enel, Centrica, Solaria, United Utilities, RWE, SSE,
Drax, Engie.
Dominic Nash
North America
Clean Tech
The energy infrastructure space had been in a state of disinvestment for the past few decades, as electricity requirements stalled despite continued economic and
population growth. The hyperscaler power shock, combined with increasingly insular energy policies, has re-accelerated investment in clean tech. AI is accelerating demand;
speed-to-power themes favour nuclear, fuel cells and solar. OW: OKLO, BE, FSLR. EW: GNRC.
Christine Cho
Credit
Europe O&G
We see three themes shaping European energy credit performance: commodity volatility is back but balance sheets are stronger; integrated models continue to provide
superior earnings resilience; and capital discipline is increasingly supporting credit quality through the cycle. OW BP, TotalEnergies.
Franck Bataille
US Energy
LNG, deepwater and gas infrastructure are entering a new investment cycle. We also think that working capital needs could structurally increase in a more fragmented
environment, creating an opportunity for capital providers to step in and help bridge short-term liquidity needs. Buy RIG 2031s/2038s and FLQIII 5.55s or FLIQII 5.92s.
Harry Mateer,
Paul
Chambers
US & Latam
Utilities
The energy buildout supports utilities, midstream infrastructure and power-linked credits. Favour issuers with strategic assets, scale and funding flexibility. OW: Vistra. UW:
NextEra.
Srinjoy
Banerjee,
Stefan
Fenistyk
Europe Utilities Europe is entering a utility investment super-cycle. The focus is shifting from adding renewables to funding grids, baseload power and energy security while preserving
balance-sheet strength. OW: EDF, TenneT. UW: Naturgy.
Franck Bataille
APAC Energy
Asia drives global demand growth, with LNG, electrification and storage key themes. We expect Asian countries to diversify their energy sources by: 1) reducing their
dependence on energy products from the Middle East by diversifying purchases to other countries. (US, Australia, Africa and Singapore to benefit), 2) extending the useful
lives of existing coal-fired plants and/or building new ones; and 3) increasing investments in renewable energy and nuclear power plants. OW: Santos, LGES. UW: KORGAS,
KORELE.
Jit Ming Tan,
Avanti Save
EEMEA
Corporates
Energy security is driving investment in LNG, domestic power and renewables. Buy AYDEMT 2030s, AZURGY 2030s and KOS GTA 11.25% 2031s.
Stella Cridge,
Evgeniia
Bystrova
Equity
Strate
gy
US
The broad energy ecosystem is in the midst of a growth phase: accelerating electrification, AI and data center expansion, and optimization for resilience instead of cost are
likely to exacerbate energy bottlenecks and necessitate substantial investment. However, we see more attractive opportunities in select stocks and sub-industries than in a
broad allocation to the Energy sector. We remain constructive on Utilities, Industrials and Tech, where exposure to power transmission and generation, grid modernization,
infrastructure build-out, electrification, power management and battery technologies offer a more widespread opportunity set.
Venu Krishna
Europe
Energy has returned to focus for European investors as energy security has evolved from a policy objective into an economic imperative and a core pillar of European
strategic autonomy. Despite strong year-to-date performance, the sector continues to trade at a discount to history. We favour Oil Services and Utilities (OW) and remain MW
on Integrated Energy, while seeing medium-term re-rating potential given still-depressed investor ownership across both Energy and Utilities.
Emmanuel
Cau
Credit
Strate
gy
US
Current valuations leave little room for forgiveness, especially for the Energy sector. IG Energy currently trades at its richest level versus IG Industrials in more than a decade,
with the spread ratio sitting just below 1.0x. That richness was earned through years of balance sheet repair, capital discipline, limited issuance and higher energy prices
recently. The challenge is that a significant buildout of LNG, gas infrastructure, and power related investment points to a rising cadence of debt issuance ahead. Utilities face
an even steeper financing curve, which argues for continued relative underperformance there. Strong fundamentals can support tight spreads, yet history suggests sectors
embarking on large capital cycles tend to underperform the rest of the index over time.
Dominique
Toublan
Europe
We are Overweight the Energy and Utility sector for 3 core reasons. 1) fundamentals are generally strong. Capex build-outs will be disciplined with the supply cycle supported
by government (government liquidity support or ownership stakes) "Nationalisation" is a scary word for an equity investor, but absent haircuts to bonds, there is usually
upside for a credit investor. 2) The sectors will likely maintain their non-cyclical attributes, with fundamentals less affected by any growth downside, unlike, say,
hyperscalers. 3) Valuation, unlike the setup on the $IG side, relative to the broader market are either mid-range for Energy or fairly wide for Utilities.
Soren
Willemann
Source: Barclays Research
3 September 2026
10
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 11]
Global energy model 
Srinjoy Banerjee, CFA(i) BCI, US  |  William Thompson BCI, US  |  Henning Cosman Barclays, UK  | 
Dan Levy BCI, US  |  Vlad Sergievskii Barclays, UK
(i) This author is a debt research analyst in the Fixed Income, Currencies and Commodities
Research department and is neither an equity research analyst nor subject to all of the
independence and disclosure standards applicable to analysts who produce debt research
reports under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242.
This section is a Special Report that is not an equity or a debt research report under U.S. FINRA
Rules 2241-2242.
Energy outpacing resulting emissions through 2050
• Rising energy use globally. In our base case, global energy use will increase ~1.9% CAGR
over 2025-50, reflective of population growth (+0.7% CAGR), rising real GDP (+2.5% CAGR) and
real income growth (+1.8% CAGR). We also expect the global share of electric vehicles to rise
to more than 50% by 2050 and new data centres to reach over 600GW, the bulk of which
(400GW) we expect to be in the US. At the same time, we expect carbon emissions growth
(+1.3% CAGR) to be below the growth rate of global energy use due to both greater
electrification and the growing share of renewables (+15-20pts to ~50%) in the global energy
mix. Our base case is for a more moderate increase in CO2 emissions per capita (+0.6% CAGR)
through 2050. 
FIGURE 2. Energy Demand Model Outputs 
Total Energy Use by
segment (quad BTU)
2025
2030
2035
2040
2050
CAGR
Absolute
Growth
Residential
117.0
126.4
136.1
146.0
171.1
1.5%
46.3%
Data Center
0.6
10.4
20.7
32.1
31.6
16.9%
4896.7%
Other Commercial
74.4
82.3
90.4
97.4
112.8
1.7%
51.7%
EV
2.0
5.5
12.0
22.8
55.3
14.3%
2721.5%
Traditional Vehicles
90.1
87.7
84.1
77.8
59.3
-1.7%
-34.2%
Other Transport
28.2
30.3
32.5
34.5
38.8
1.3%
37.9%
Industrial
376.1
432.6
488.3
536.6
629.3
2.1%
67.3%
Total
688.3
775.2
863.9
947.3
1098.2
1.9%
59.5%
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
11
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 12]
1 We also dampen the EIA's more significant assumptions around energy efficiency improvements for commercial and
industrial sectors, particularly for developed economies
FIGURE 3. Energy use by fuel source
FIGURE 4. CO2 emissions from energy usage by fuel 
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
Quad BTU
Liquid fuels
Natural gas
Coal
Renewables
Nuclear
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
MMmt 
Liquids
Natural Gas
Coal
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
FIGURE 5. Energy use by region
FIGURE 6. CO2 emissions by region
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
1,000
1,100
1,200
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
Quad BTU
USA
Other Americas
Western Europe
Russia
Other Europe
China
India
Other APAC
Africa
Mid East
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
MMmt
USA
Other Americas
Western Europe
Russia
Other Europe/Eurasia
China
India
Other Asia Pacific
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
• Emerging markets (eg, India/ China) to drive emissions on higher energy use. On a
regional level, our base case is for emerging markets to be the key driver of global energy use,
with India (+3.8% CAGR) showing the strongest growth. Our base case has China, the largest
energy consumer today, growing at a slightly slower pace (+2.4% CAGR) than some emerging
economies, but still outpacing the US (+1.5%). We expect China's energy usage to be heavily
driven by energy efficiency in industrial and commercial sectors (where we eased the EIA's
assumption of significant energy efficiency gains). For CO2 emissions, we see India (+2.6%
CAGR) registering the largest growth in emissions, outpacing both China (2.0% CAGR) and the
US (showing about flat). 
• Over the past three years, the construction of data centres has resulted in net increases
in expected energy demand: Our energy model utilizes the EIA's International Energy
Outlook 2023 reference scenario, adapted to Barclays house views, particularly for data
centres and EVs, where we see key deviations today in terms of the outlook versus 20231 . Our
base case calculates 32 quad Btu of new data centre energy demand  by 2040. For reference,
we expect ~950 quad Btu energy usage globally by 2040 (data centres will be ~12% of the
3 September 2026
12
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 13]
FIGURE 7. Data Centre Energy Usage as a % of Total Energy
FIGURE 8. EV Energy Usage as a % of Total Energy
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
18%
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
% of total
World
US
Western Europe
China
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
14%
16%
18%
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
% of total
World
US
Western Europe
China
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
increase). Past 2040, we do not model, in aggregate, more data centre additions, given lower
visibility.
• As global EV penetration increases, transportation will decline as a percentage of total
energy use: With higher EV penetration (over 50% of global vehicles by 2050), we expect
transportation to ease as a percentage of global energy use, to about 14% by 2050 versus
17.5% in 2025. 
• In absolute terms, data centres will need more energy than entire regions: By 2040, we
estimate more than 600GW of data centre capacity will require ~32 quad Btu of energy
(electricity and conversion losses from producing electricity). For context, this is roughly
equivalent to 2025 energy use in Russia and slightly lower than in India.
• Model methodology: The end users of energy are categorized into four principal sectors:
transportation, industrial, residential and commercial. Fossil fuels (petroleum, natural gas
and coal) are the key primary energy sources, along with nuclear and renewables as non-CO2
emitting sources. Electricity generation is interesting in that it is both a user of energy sources
and a provider of energy to end-use sectors. The process of generating electricity,
however, results in material electrical system losses (~60%). Figure 9 shows the EIA's
breakdown of US energy consumption by source and sector in 2025.
3 September 2026
13
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 14]
FIGURE 9. US 2025 energy usage
Source
Total = 96.2 quadrillion Btu
 (100%)
Electricity sales to
ultimate consumers
13.8 (41%)
Total = 33.5 quadrillion Btu
(100%)
Total = 33.5 quadrillion Btu
 (100%)
End-use Sector
Electric Power Sector
Electricity system
energy losses
19.7 (59%)
Commercial
9.9 (13%)
Residential
11.8 (15%)
Industrial
26.6 (35%)
Transportation
28.2 (37%)
Natural gas
34.6 (36%)
Petroleum
35.9 (37%)
Coal
8.7 (9%)
Renewable energy
8.8 (9%)
Nuclear
8.2 (9%)
19%
27%
8%
3%
43%
4%
32%
14%
11%
39%
33%
41%
9%
3%
13%
8%
38%
3%
<1%
51%
70%
25%
3%
2%
<1%
89%
5%
6%
<1%
<1%
26%
37%
37%
8%
42%
6%
44%
100%
9%
<1%
90%
1%
40%
11%
23%
24%
Source: EIA
Exploring our data centre and EV growth forecasts
Data centres 
• We expect data centre capacity growth to accelerate through 2026-2027e at a 35%
annual rate before plateauing in 2028e.
• The US is expected to be the primary driver of global data centre capacity growth,
accounting for ~60% of installed IT capacity by 2029, according to our estimates.
•  Outside of China, we expect hyperscalers to account for the largest share of data centre
build out, contributing ~60% of total new capacity additions over our forecast period. 
• We see lower completion rates for non-hyperscaler projects due to limited visibility on
phasing, permitting status, and delivery times. 
A historic build-out 
We estimate that data centre installed capacity growth will average >30% p.a. in 2026-27, before
moderating to c.20% in 2028-29 (new capacity additions could plateau in 2028). The US is
expected to be the largest contributor, with installed IT capacity rising from 34GW in 2025 to
over 110GW by 2029, implying >40% growth in the first two years. This represents a very
significant acceleration in US build-out relative to other regions. For the rest of the world, we
assume a more moderate growth trajectory, reflecting slower demand progression and
infrastructure deployment outside of the US. We assume non-US markets (ex-China) will grow
slower, while China is expected to pick up pace in the coming years. 
3 September 2026
14
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 15]
Global installed data centre IT capacity reached ~70GW in 2025. We estimate that capacity
additions could increase by about 25GW in 2026 and >30GW in 2027, with the US accounting for
the largest share of incremental capacity, contributing ~15GW and >21GW, respectively. Beyond
2027, we expect the pace of additions to plateau, with the US adding a further 20GW+ per
annum, reflecting a transition from the acceleration phase to a more sustained growth
trajectory as indicated above. 
We expect hyperscalers to account for the largest share of new capacity additions, representing
c60% of total additions over our forecast period (excluding China). After analysing close to 500
projects, we conclude that a significant proportion of those announced by non-hyperscalers
could face clear execution bottlenecks and might not be realised at all. As a result, we believe
realised capacity additions are likely to be more heavily skewed towards hyperscalers than
announced project pipelines alone would suggest.
Upside risk 
While current forecasts already imply substantial growth in AI infrastructure, we believe the
debate is increasingly shifting from whether demand will emerge to how large and durable that
demand ultimately becomes. Several factors could drive data centre demand materially above
expectations, including broader enterprise AI adoption, continued AI scaling, increasing
inference intensity, ongoing cloud growth, and the emergence of sovereign AI as a strategic
priority.
AI adoption may still be in its early stages. Despite concerns about efficiency gains and AI
commoditization following the DeepSeek release in early 2025, hyperscalers have continued to
raise capital spending plans, suggesting confidence in AI-driven returns and sustained demand
growth. Data centre fundamentals also remain supportive, with low vacancy rates and strong
pricing power. Hyperscaler electricity consumption has increased more than 25% annually for
eight consecutive years, largely reflecting continued cloud expansion, which provides a useful
precedent, given public cloud continues to grow more than 15 years after its commercial
emergence. Most AI spending today remains concentrated among hyperscalers and model
developers, while many enterprises are still in the experimentation and pilot phase. As AI
copilots, agents, workflow automation, and custom models move into broader production
deployment, infrastructure demand could expand well beyond current forecasts.
AI scaling laws continue to support higher compute intensity. Achieving more capable
foundation models still requires significant increases in training compute, while the industry's
transition toward reasoning models, agentic AI, and physical AI is making inference workloads
increasingly compute-intensive. 
Sovereign AI represents an additional demand vector. Governments, enterprises, and
national champions are increasingly investing in domestic AI infrastructure to support
economic competitiveness, national security, and technological leadership, potentially creating
a second wave of demand beyond the major hyperscalers.
Downside risks
Despite strong demand signals, the pace and magnitude of future infrastructure growth remain
subject to several important risks. While demand for AI compute appears robust, AI efficiency
gains, infrastructure bottlenecks, regulatory challenges, workforce constraints, and potential
shifts in capital allocation could all result in slower growth than current expectations imply.
AI efficiency gains. Improvements in model architectures, algorithms, software optimization,
and compute hardware could reduce the compute and power required per unit of AI output.
While lower costs often stimulate additional demand (Jevons Paradox), efficiency gains may
outpace workload growth, reducing AI's infrastructure intensity. Better token routing, smaller
3 September 2026
15
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 16]
domain-specific models, inference optimization, and the growing availability of high-
performing open-weight models may lessen the need to train frontier models repeatedly,
enabling greater reuse, fine-tuning, and distillation. As a result, AI capabilities could improve
while requiring less compute, tempering growth in data centre, power, and capital spending.
Power remains the primary constraint. Grid infrastructure was not designed for individual
customers requiring hundreds of megawatts of capacity. Transmission congestion, substation
limitations, lengthy interconnection queues, and long lead times for power equipment could
delay or limit development, regardless of demand.
Labor shortages could slow deployment. Data centres and supporting power infrastructure
require highly specialized workers, including electricians, engineers, mechanics, and pipefitters.
Labor constraints are particularly acute in major development hubs where projects often
compete for the same limited workforce.
Political and permitting resistance is rising. As AI infrastructure expands, local opposition
related to electricity costs, grid reliability, water consumption, emissions, noise, and land-use
impacts is becoming more common. While national policymakers broadly support AI
leadership, development approvals remain governed primarily at the local level, creating
growing permitting uncertainty and geographic limitations.
Capital discipline could emerge as a constraint. Current spending levels reflect strong
confidence in AI monetization, but if returns on investment prove slower than expected, capital
allocation priorities could shift. Higher financing costs, weaker enterprise AI adoption, or
concerns about AI utilization rates could lead hyperscalers, enterprises, and investors to
moderate infrastructure spending plans, reducing the pace of capacity additions.
Electric vehicle growth forecasts
• We expect a steady increase in global EV fleet penetration, with EV mix as a % of the
overall fleet growing at a ~15% CAGR between 2020 and 2050, reaching nearly ~60% of
the fleet in 2050.
• China will be the primary driver of EV fleet growth, with its EV fleet mix exceeding 90%
by 2050. Western Europe's ~70% EV fleet mix will also be supportive, while the US's just
over ~50% mix will remain a laggard.
• EV uptake in most regions will be driven largely by regulatory policy, with key
differences between countries with EV targets/mandates and those without.
Unpacking our EV fleet build assumptions
Our model is based largely on forecasts from BNEF's 2026 Electric Vehicle Outlook. Unpacking
key model assumptions:
• China: Among the major markets, China will lead the EV fleet transition by a notable
margin. Growth in the EV fleet mix is driven by high EV penetration of new vehicle sales (~64%
in 2026, rising to more than 90% by the mid-2040s), as well as ongoing government incentives
to encourage the transition from ICE to EVs (ie, "scrappage" programs that have been in place
since 2024).
• Europe: Growth in the EV fleet mix will likely be driven by regulatory policy, as the EU
continues to maintain its 2035 targets. EV penetration is expected to see a sharp uptick ahead
of this, increasing from ~30% in 2025 to ~75% in 2035.
• US: The EV fleet mix will lag due to slower adoption of EVs, with 2035 EV penetration on new
sales of ~38%, roughly half the level expected in China/EU. The expected slower US uptake
3 September 2026
16
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 17]
reflects the current lack of regulatory support for EV adoption, as well as the high mix of large
pickup trucks/large SUVs in the fleet, as these segments will be the slowest to electrify.
• RoW: We see RoW EV uptake as somewhat contingent on the extent to which Chinese OEMs
continue to export EVs into these markets. The EV fleet transition will be more mixed across
countries, with East Asia and Southeast Asia likely leading EV adoption.
Upside risk
Potential US outperformance is a source of upside risk, as current expectations are for the US
to be a clear laggard in EV uptake and EV fleet penetration. While it is clear that in the near to
mid-term the US will lag other major markets such as China and Europe, stronger-than
expected-adoption over the next decade could result in a higher US EV fleet mix and,
correspondingly, a higher global EV fleet mix, given that the US is the third largest market.
Downside risks
Regulatory risk is the key potential headwind we see, as current EV forecasts assume that
regulations in many markets will continue to encourage EV uptake. The US is a clear example of
this, as out-year EV forecasts have been cut significantly over the past ~2 years following the
rollback of auto regulations and incentives that had previously supported EV adoption. We view
EU regulations as a key area to watch, as EV targets have become an increasingly contested
issue.
China weakness is another headwind to consider. China has an outsized effect on global EV
adoption, as its domestic market leads the major ones in the EV transition and its OEMs export
increasing volumes of EVs to outside markets, supporting Europe and RoW EV adoption. A
downturn in either of these trends would likely slow global EV fleet growth.
Part 1: Macro and Thematic views
 
 
The changing geo-economics of energy
Christian Keller(ii) Barclays, UK
New relevance for an old question
Geography has always mattered for economies. In an increasingly integrated global economy,
the trade of primary energy sources such as oil, coal and gas was driven largely by efficiency
considerations, with a clear pattern between exporters and importers. Rising geopolitical
fragmentation and technological advances have started to change this. Russia's war on Ukraine,
disruption in the Strait of Hormuz, the US shale revolution, Europe's nuclear exit and China's
mass production of low-cost green technologies have all reshaped the global energy map.
Three challenges: molecules, electrons, science
1. Securing the flow of molecules
In a world that still needs hydrocarbons, the traditional quest to secure the flow of oil and
natural gas remains. Rising geopolitical conflict has led energy importers to diversify supply
chains, infrastructure and storage. The implications are the need for more investment in storage
capacity, pipelines, refining, transport infrastructure and production outside traditional conflict
zones and choke points.
3 September 2026
17
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 18]
FIGURE 10. Change in energy demand in selected regions, 2025
FIGURE 11. Electricity generation mix for selected regions, 2025
-1
0
1
2
3
China
US
Africa
South
East Asia
Middle
East
India
EU
EJ
Change in energy demand in selected region, 2025
Oil
Natural Gas
Coal
Nuclear
Renewables
Total Demand
0
20
40
60
80
100
India
China
South
East Asia
US
EU
RoW
World
%
Electricity generation mix for selected regions, 2025
Coal
Oil
Natural gas
Nuclear
Renewables
Note: ‘Renewables’ includes solar PV, wind, hydropower, geothermal, bioenergy and
waste, concentrating solar power (CSP), and marine.
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
FIGURE 12. Mean wind speed
FIGURE 13. Direct Normal Radiation
Source: World Bank, ESMAP
Source: World Bank, ESMAP
2. Growing the flow of electrons
With surging electricity demand, including from AI-related data centres, the key challenge is
providing a sufficient and stable flow of electricity. This requires investment in generation, grid
capacity, storage and baseload power.
Electrification broadens the range of energy sources, but also creates new dependencies.
Reliance shifts from hydrocarbon exporters to suppliers of green technology and to those who
extract and refine critical minerals. China occupies a central role across many of these supply
chains.
3. Searching for new ways to power
Advancing existing technologies and pursuing breakthrough technologies will be crucial. This
includes improvements in solar and nuclear technologies, as well as the search for
commercially viable fusion power. Scientific capabilities and access to capital for large-scale,
long-term investment will be key.
3 September 2026
18
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 19]
FIGURE 15. Oil reserves by country, 2025
FIGURE 16. Coal reserves by country, 2023
Powered by Bing
Oil reserves by country, 2025
428,000 
303,008,000,000 
oil reserves in barrels 
Powered by Bing
Coal reserves by country, 2023
999,999 
247,882,705,205 
coal reserves in metric tons 
Source: Worldometers, Barclays Research
Source: Worldometers, Barclays Research
FIGURE 14. Nuclear capacity in operation & under construction in selected regions, 2025
0
20
40
60
80
100
US
France
China
Japan
Russia
Korea
Ukraine
Canada
India
GW
Nuclear capacity in operation & under construction in selected regions, 2025
Existing
Under Construction
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
New alliances and new dependencies
Diversifying drilling and distillation
Securing oil supplies in a geopolitically uncertain world supports the diversification of
production, refining and transport infrastructure beyond traditional producing regions.
The energy transition also creates a growing focus on critical minerals. Reserves and refining
capacity are often concentrated in a small number of countries, with China playing a
particularly important role. Access to critical minerals is therefore likely to become an
increasingly important factor in trade negotiations, investment flows and economic statecraft.
Negotiating critical minerals supply chains
Electricity infrastructure requires critical minerals, the reserves and refining capacity for which
are often concentrated in a small number of countries. China plays a particularly important role
across many critical mineral supply chains, including graphite, gallium and rare earths, and has
used this position to gain strategic leverage. As a result, access to critical minerals is likely to
become an increasingly important factor in trade negotiations, geopolitical relationships and
industrial policy. Beyond resources and refining capacity, securing the necessary capital to
develop alternative supply chains will also be critical, with economic statecraft increasingly
3 September 2026
19
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 20]
centred on a mix of export controls, investment restrictions, access to foreign capital and
sanctions.
Bonding over grids and infrastructure
The need to build electricity grids, pipelines and storage infrastructure requires greater
international cooperation. Electricity grids will become increasingly important both within and
across borders. For Europe in particular, the challenge is not only generating power, but also
transmitting it efficiently across the continent.
Allocating production according to energy abundance
Cost always matters. Energy-intensive industries tend to move to locations where energy is
abundant and inexpensive. As a result, energy availability is likely to become a more important
driver of industrial location decisions. Regions with access to low-cost energy and reliable
infrastructure should become increasingly attractive destinations for investment.
This trend of re-allocating industries could extend further to manufacturing and other
industries within the EU. With northern Europe cut off from Russian gas, southern regions such
as Spain are able to offer a cheaper energy mix of renewables and pipelined gas from North
Africa. This not only makes existing Spanish industries more competitive, but also has led to
energy-intensive investments, including data centres, to be directed towards Spain.
AI services as an 'energy export'
In a manufacturing-dominated world, cheap labour has typically been a crucial factor in the
allocation of production, but as value creation shifts towards digital and AI-enabled services, it
becomes less important, while energy abundance becomes more important. The electricity
required to power data centres means that energy-rich regions may increasingly export
computing capacity and AI services in much the same way that manufacturing exporters
effectively exported cheap labour in previous decades.
Trends for the next ten years
• Energy abundance will gain importance as a determinant of economic activity and
international trade, while abundant cheap labour becomes less significant.
• Electricity generation is key, which widens the energy sources to renewable (wind, solar,
geothermal, etc.) and brings a refocus on nuclear. This redraws the global map of where
power can be generated cheaply.
• Electrification and renewable energy shifts vulnerabilities ‘upstream’ (grid infrastructure,
green tech access), while also creating new downstream dependencies for critical minerals,
which have a different geography than the traditional fossil fuel dependence. This requires
large investments, favouring regions that are capital rich and have abundance of potential
energy sources (eg, US, China). For capital-rich/energy-poor ones (eg, Europe, Japan), it may
require increasing foreign investments to capital-poor/energy-abundant areas (Africa, LatAm)
to secure energy sources and critical minerals.
• Similarly, capital-rich/energy-poor economies have a strong long-term incentive to invest in
potential breakthrough technologies such as fusion, which could potentially change the
entire energy landscape.
From a regional perspective, the following dynamics should be expected:
• North America looks very robust on all fronts. It combines large proven reserves in fossil
fuels with favourable geographies across the renewable spectrum (wind, solar, geothermal),
3 September 2026
20
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 21]
as well as the availability of capital to invest into advancing nuclear as well as other future
technologies.
• China looks similarly strong, even without as much fossil fuels of its own. Next to growing
nuclear power capacities, China is well ahead in the build-out of renewable energy
infrastructure and also dominates the global supply chain of the necessary technologies, not
only in manufacturing (eg, solar panels, batteries), but also in mining and refining the critical
minerals around it.
• Europe will need to use its capital richness to invest heavily in energy infrastructure: to
secure the availability of the still-needed fossil fuels (eg, additional gas and oil storage) and
grid capacity across Europe to support the build-out of renewables. The EU will want to keep
neighbouring energy-rich countries close (Norway, Iceland) and may also potentially seek to
tap solar power from North Africa. In principle, energy and commodity-rich Russia remains a
natural trading partner for Europe, but geopolitics seem not to allow this for the foreseeable
future.
• The Middle East will likely be pulled economically eastward by Asia’s still-rising need for oil
and gas. At the same time, however, the Gulf region could become an indirect exporter of
energy (including from renewables) through potentially selling data centre services, including
to Europe.
• Africa, LatAm, and parts of Asia will look to gain from the growing global energy needs,
including from the focus on renewable and electrification. First, those countries with oil and
gas (eg, Nigeria, Libya, Angola, Venezuela, Brazil, Ecuador, Malaysia) could benefit from
supply diversification away from the Middle East and Russia. Second, those with critical
mineral reserves (eg, Chile, DR Congo, Indonesia) will likely gain leverage over investments
from capital-rich countries. The rivalry between China, the US and Europe for securing
access to these critical mineral supply chains is likely to become a crucial geo-economic
power play, which could lead to increased capital flows into the relevant countries.
• Australia stands out as being a capital-rich advanced economy blessed with an abundance of
renewable, fossil, and nuclear fuel deposits and large and diverse reserves of critical
minerals. This should make it an important geo-economic presence in the new global energy
ecosystem.
The inflation dynamic
Pooja Sriram(ii) BCI, US  |  Jonathan Hill, CFA(i) BCI, US
The mismatch between energy supply and demand creates upward pressure on three core
factors for inflation risk: baseline expectations, price volatility, and asymmetric risks. Energy
demand is rising faster than supply as geopolitical fragmentation increases the premium on
energy security. This creates a tension in the market narrative. 
Key question: does the upside inflation risk from
the energy supply/demand imbalance
overwhelm other disinflationary forces?
While AI is often viewed as near-term inflationary but medium-term disinflationary, we see
growing upside inflation risks from energy that may be underappreciated. 
3 September 2026
21
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 22]
One theme from this report is that the energy supply/demand imbalance should support
commodity prices, implying inflationary pressure may originate from raw materials, rather than
labor market-related wage increases. This suggests that an over-reliance on Phillips-curve-style
logic could understate upside inflation risks.
FIGURE 17. 5y5y inflation swaps cross-market
No conversion adjustment made to 5y5y RPI swaps.
Source: Barclays Research
Baseline expectations
Excess energy demand should translate into sustained upward pressure on energy commodities
(see Commodities in focus ). If the supply/demand imbalance leads to higher raw material
prices, this should ultimately translate into higher commodity futures prices and higher
baseline inflation forecasts. In addition, futures curves may be underpricing upside commodity
price risk. Rising energy prices can also increase the weight of energy within CPI and PCE
baskets, amplifying the inflation impulse.
FIGURE 18. Energy weights in US inflation index baskets vs WTI futures
Source: BEA, BLS, CME, Macrobond, Barclays Research
Price volatility
Higher expected energy volatility should translate into increased inflation uncertainty and
upward pressure on inflation risk premia. The CBOE's OVX index, a measure of oil volatility, has
averaged near record highs in 2026, highlighting elevated energy market uncertainty.
3 September 2026
22
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 23]
FIGURE 19. Crude Oil ETF Volatility Index
Annual average.
Source: CBOE, Macrobond, Barclays Research
Asymmetric risks
Volatility alone does not create upside inflation risk unless price shocks are skewed to the
upside. We believe that is the world investors face today. Geopolitical events such as the Russia-
Ukraine war and the US-Iran conflict demonstrate how a more fragmented geopolitical
environment can generate more frequent upside energy price shocks.
Put together, we see the above dynamics as helping to justify investors positioning for a rise in
inflation risk premium.
Commodities in focus 
Amarpreet Singh(ii) BCI, US
Higher for longer
• Growth in freedom molecules is slowing. Access to molecules should not be taken for
granted, as the growth in non-OPEC supply (freedom molecules) slows. Rystad expects non-
OPEC supply to peak in 2031. We would not be surprised if that happens a bit sooner.
• Demand remains resilient, not peaking: Despite EV adoption and recurring peak-demand
narratives, gasoline, jet fuel, industrial, and other oil demand segments continue to grow. We
see no evidence of an imminent oil-demand peak and forecast global oil demand growth of
~1.1 mb/d annually from 2027-30, reaching roughly 110.6 mb/d by 2030.
• Refining highlights potential consequences of this setup. Net refining capacity additions
have been concentrated in Asia and Middle East (outside of the west) over the past couple of
decades. As a result, the Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflicts have pushed gross margins
on European diesel to almost 90% right now.
• Position for higher-for longer-oil. Barring a step-change in technology, prices need to
induce more upstream investments. We think the mid-cycle equilibrium price for Brent
should be $85/b in 2030, compared with the forwards curve at $70/b.
• Tighter cushions and fragmentation argue for higher volatility. Production capacity has
been declining globally and US SPR is trending at multi-decade lows, while the race for
resources is making a comeback. This is consistent with higher oil vol. We recommend
expressing this view using long Brent call spreads in the futures space.
3 September 2026
23
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 24]
FIGURE 20. Forwards-implied 2026 Brent is up ~50% year-to-date
FIGURE 21. Refined product prices have jumped much more
-40%
-30%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
2007
2010
2013
2016
2019
2022
2025
-100%
-50%
0%
50%
100%
150%
Jan-22
Jan-23
Jan-24
Jan-25
Jan-26
Brent
WTI
Nymex Rbob
ICE Gasoil
Nymex Heating oil
Note: Realized Brent price versus that implied by the forward curve at the end of the
corresponding previous year. Last data point is 2026 and is based on forwards-
implied average 2026 Brent price as of 2 September 2026.
Note: Y/y change in monthly average crude oil and refined product prices. Last data
point is August 2026.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
For most of the period since 2018, barring the early days of the COVID pandemic and the Russia-
Ukraine war when a potential ceasefire deal seemed imminent, and the first few months
following the OPEC+ pivot last year, we have consistently been constructive on oil prices relative
to the forward curve, primarily because we thought non-OPEC supply growth was slowing faster
than demand, which left the market more exposed to geopolitical volatility.
As things stand today, with above-ground inventories trending around the lowest level in recent
years, the SPR cushion significantly eroded, continued depletion in below-ground inventories
implying the need for more upstream investments amid resilient demand, and significantly
elevated geopolitical right tail risk, given the situation in the Middle East, we find ourselves
sticking to that view.
Some argue that the oil price response to the 2026 supply shock has been underwhelming and
highlights structural weakness in underlying fundamentals. We would note two things. First, it is
important to consider the effect of the supply shock on refined product prices as well, because
SPR releases and refining capacity constraints have resulted in significant dislocations.
Second, in 2020, global oil demand fell by slightly over 9 mb/d and Dated Brent averaged 33%
below the forward-implied 2020 average at the end of 2019. If we go by the EIA's latest forecast,
OPEC crude supply will decline by slightly over 5 mb/d this year and the forward-implied 2026
Brent is up 50% year-to-date.
We think the mid-cycle equilibrium price for Brent in 2030 should be $85/b, compared with the
forwards-implied average of $70/b at the time of writing. The path, however, will be bumpy, as
we expect volatility to remain elevated.
Oil market volatility has been relatively elevated over the past several years. In addition to the
effect on fundamentals of externalities such as COVID-19 and wars in Europe and the Middle
East, the anticipated effect of the ongoing energy transition on underlying fundamentals has
also boosted uncertainty.
3 September 2026
24
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 25]
FIGURE 22. SPR, refining capacity and quality constraints have
boosted refining margins 
FIGURE 23. Geopolitical uncertainty has been exacerbating the long-
term increase in excess implied volatility in oil markets
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
Jan
Feb Mar
Apr May Jun
Jul
Aug Sep
Oct Nov Dec
5-yr. range
2025
2026
5-yr. avg.
-10
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
Jan-08
Jan-11
Jan-14
Jan-17
Jan-20
Jan-23
Jan-26
2008-14 avg.
2015-19 avg.
Avg. since 2019
Note: USGC products minus WTI Cushing (3-2-1 crack spread), $/b
Note: Excess implied volatility in oil markets (OVX minus VIX), 7dma. The light blue
line shows highlighted period averages.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
For perspective, between 2008 and 2014, excess implied volatility in oil (OVX minus VIX)
averaged 13.8. Between 2015 and 2019, it increased to 21.3, as fundamentals deteriorated with
the rapid expansion in US tight oil output and an increase in spare capacity. US tight oil
production growth has been slowing for years but excess implied volatility in oil has averaged
24.4 since 2019.
Let's unpack these factors. 
• Low above-ground inventories: A potential deal to resolve the Strait of Hormuz standoff
remains elusive, and based on our assessment of flows through the region, above-ground
inventories will likely tighten further over the coming weeks. Our weekly global total oil
indicator suggests that observed inventories are already trending at multi-year lows, and the
situation looks worse when adjusted for the accumulation of reserves in China over the past
several years. More importantly, ex-China inventories continued to tighten throughout 2023
and 2024 despite slower cyclical demand growth and the surprise increase in Iranian supplies
despite sanctions. The OPEC+ pivot last year was the turning point for inventories.
3 September 2026
25
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 26]
FIGURE 24. Above-ground inventories have tightened significantly
since the beginning of the war
FIGURE 25. SPR releases have cushioned the effect on commercial
inventories (last week: 28 August 2026)
4.0
4.1
4.2
4.3
4.4
4.5
4.6
4.7
4.8
Jan
Feb Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2017-19 & 2023-25 range
2025
2026
2017-19 & 2023-25 avg.
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
End 2008
Last week
SPR release
Pipeline fills
Organic 
supply/demand 
factors
Note: Barclays' Weekly global total oil inventory indicator, bb 
Note: Breakdown of the change in US commercial crude oil inventories since 2008,
mb. Last week here is based on the EIA's data for the week ending 28 August 2026.
Source: EIA, Kpler, Barclays Research
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
FIGURE 26. Yet commercial crude oil inventories in the US remain
tight...
FIGURE 27. ...and global refined product inventories are much tighter
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
Jan
Feb Mar
Apr May Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov Dec
20-yr. range
2025
2026
20-yr. avg.
450
470
490
510
530
550
570
590
610
630
Jan
Feb Mar
Apr May Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep Oct
Nov Dec
5-year range
2025
2026
5-year. Avg.
Note: Commercial crude oil inventories in the US excluding pipeline fills in days of
refining demand
Note: Barclays' Weekly global core refined product inventories, mb
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
Source: EIA, ARA, IES, Barclays Research
• Oil prices have been relatively well behaved because commercial crude oil inventories have
been cushioned by SPR releases. If not for SPR releases and the increase in pipeline fills to
facilitate production growth, commercial crude oil inventories in the US would be much
lower. Adjusting for refining demand, commercial crude oil inventories in the US look
relatively tight despite ongoing SPR releases.
• Refining demand is likely to remain strong. Core refined product inventories, which have not
had a similar level of cushion from SPR releases, are much tighter than commercial crude oil
inventories; along with constrained refining capacity because of years of underinvestment
outside of China and the Middle East and growing attacks on refining infrastructure in Russia,
limiting its exports, that is primarily behind the dislocation in crude oil and refined product
prices of late.
3 September 2026
26
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 27]
FIGURE 28. Proved reserves have not kept pace with production in the
US
FIGURE 29. Even outside of the US, productive capacity has been
declining
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
1963
1973
1983
1993
2003
2013
2023
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
2005
2009
2013
2017
2021
2025
Non-OPEC ex-US
OPEC
Note: US proved crude oil reserves in years of production
Note: Proved crude oil reserves outside of the US in years of production
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
Source: Rystad, Barclays Research
• Shrinking below-ground inventories: Above-ground inventories are a function of the balance
between well-head supply and demand. Well-head supply of oil is a function of both
economic and political drivers. OPEC supply is more politically driven in most scenarios
whereas non-OPEC supply is more a function of economic drivers.
• Proved reserves, akin to below-ground inventory, relative to production, are generally a good
leading indicator for well-head supply. They indicate the level of production capacity relative
to current production and a higher number means greater potential for growth in well-head
supply and lower base decline rate.
• If the number has been declining over time, that indicates sufficient investments are not
being made to maintain productive capacity relative to production and therefore the outlook
for production growth is deteriorating. This would also indicate that the development is
getting more intensive leading to higher decline rates.
• Globally, the proved reserves-to-production ratio has been declining steadily over the past
several years. In the US, which has accounted for ~75% of total non-OPEC supply growth
since 2005, the ratio stood at 9.5 years in 2024, down from 11 years in 2022 and 14 years in
2012.
• Proved reserve estimates are influenced by realized prices and can be backward looking at
times but WTI Midland averaged $83/b between 2022 and 2024, significantly ahead of the
marginal cost of supply for US tight oil production. Yet, despite continued efficiency
improvements, the decline in production capacity in the US indicates a resource base coming
of age.
• A decline in the proved reserves-to-production ratio below the 10-year level has historically
been a strong leading indicator for an inflection point in well-head production. For example,
in Mexico, the R/P ratio fell below 10 years in 2002 and production peaked in 2004. In
Nigeria, it fell below 10 years in 2011 and production peaked the same year. In Angola, it fell
below 10 years in 2005 and production peaked in 2008. In Malaysia, it fell below 10 years in
2003 and production peaked in 2004.
• Even in the US, production formed a local peak in 1970, a year after the R/P ratio fell below 10
years. However, technological improvements in resource development helped reverse the
3 September 2026
27
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 28]
FIGURE 30. R/P falling below 10 years has historically been a strong
signal for an inflection point in production
FIGURE 31. US crude oil production growth remains relatively weak
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
-10 -9 -8 -7 -6 -5 -4 -3 -2 -1 0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9 10
-2,500
-2,000
-1,500
-1,000
-500
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
Jan-10
Jul-12
Jan-15
Jul-17
Jan-20
Jul-22
Jan-25
Note: Average oil production profile for the US, UK, Norway, Mexico, Nigeria, Angola
and Malaysia around the time when proved reserves to production ratio in the
country first fell below 10 years (indicated by T=0 on the X-axis). The Y-axis shows
production at T=0 indexed to 100.
Note: Y/y change in L48 onshore crude oil production, kb/d, 3mma
Source: EIA, Rystad, Barclays Research
Source: EIA, Barclays Research
decline in production in the late 2000s, which is quite similar to what happened in the UK in
the 1990s after production there formed a local peak in 1985, three years after R/P in the
country fell below 10 years. Last, in Norway, it fell below 10 years in 1993 and production
peaked in 2000.
• Therefore, barring a step-change in development technology, it is safe to assume that US
crude oil production will peak in the coming years. Rystad expects this in 2031, while our own
estimates suggest it could happen a bit sooner. For perspective, L48 onshore crude oil
production growth has been steadily slowing over the past few years and stood at just ~150
kb/d y/y in Q2 26.
• Unfortunately, investments in productive capacity outside of the US have also not kept pace
with production. The aggregate R/P ratio for non-OPEC countries ex-US, which includes the
newest member of the group - the UAE - stood barely above 10 years in 2025. Even in OPEC,
where production has done nothing over the past few years, productive capacity has been
steadily declining. In 2025, OPEC production stood at 26.6 mb/d, compared with 26.9 mb/d in
2019 but the aggregate R/P ratio for the group fell from 14 years to 11 years over the same
period. With that backdrop, it should not be surprising that most OPEC producers failed to
meet production targets last year.
3 September 2026
28
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 29]
FIGURE 32. Rystad expects non-OPEC oil production to peak in the
coming years
FIGURE 33. Two-thirds of global oil demand is largely price-inelastic...
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
2030
2035
US
Canada
UAE
Brazil
Guyana
Other
27%
6%
7%
24%
17%
11%
4% 2%
2%
Passenger cars
Civil Aviation
Res & Comm
Other Transport
Feedstock
Industrial
Power and Heat
Agriculture & Fishing
Other
Note: Non-OPEC crude oil and condensate production by country, mb/d
Note: 2023 global oil demand breakdown by end-use
Source: Rystad, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
FIGURE 34. Global gasoline demand has been resilient despite
growing EV sales and lasting behavioral changes due to the
pandemic...
FIGURE 35. Jet-kerosene demand growth remains strong
1.00
1.05
1.10
1.15
1.20
1.25
0
5
10
15
20
25
0.10
0.15
0.20
0.25
0.30
0.35
0
5
10
15
20
25
Note: Y-axis: Global per-capita gasoline demand, barrels per year; X-axis: Global per-
capita PPP GDP, thousands of USD. Blue line shows the long-term pre-pandemic
average. Green triangles show data since 2019.
Note: Y-axis: Global per capita jet-kerosene demand, barrels per year; X-axis: Global
PPP GDP per capita, thousands of USD. Blue line shows the pre-pandemic trend and
green triangles show data since 2019.
Source: IEA, IMF, US Census, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, IMF, US Census, Barclays Research
• Resilient demand: If demand were slowing in tandem with supply, prices would not need to
induce more upstream investments, but demand has not been slowing much at all. First
COVID-19, then monetary tightening and housing sector stress in China and the US have
helped create an impression that peak oil demand is imminent but we do not see any
evidence of that.
• We like to break down oil demand into four broad categories: passenger cars and other
personal ground mobility - primarily gasoline; civil, commercial and defense aviation -
primarily  jet fuel; oil demand tied to industrial activities like petrochemical production,
ground and sea freight, industrial processes and power generation; and residential and
commercial demand, primarily for space/water heating and cooking, agricultural and fishing
demand and other smaller end uses.
3 September 2026
29
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 30]
FIGURE 36. Demand for industrial end-uses has been tracking in line
with the historical relationship with global industrial activity
FIGURE 37. Efficiency improvements in other end-uses have slowed of
late
R² = 0.64
-6%
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
4%
6%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
0.40
0.45
0.50
0.55
0.60
0.65
0.70
0.75
0
5
10
15
20
25
Note: Y-axis: Y/y change in global oil demand tied to 'Other transport', 'Feedstock',
'Industrial' and 'Power and Heat' end-uses shown in Figure 33; X-axis: Y/y change in
global industrial output. Brown dot shows 2023.
Note: Y-axis: Log of global oil demand (mb/d) tied to 'Res & Comm', 'Agriculture &
Fishing' and 'Other' end-uses shown in Figure 33 X-axis: Global PPP GDP per capita,
thousands of USD.
Source: IEA, World Bank, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, IMF, US Census, Barclays Research
• Despite growing EV penetration, global gasoline demand is still rising with the population.
This is because the offsetting effects of continued increases in the popularity of SUVs, slower
efficiency improvements in conventional drive trains and growth in addressable markets
(there is evidence of an exponential increase in car ownership when per-capita PPP GDP
surpasses $4,500) have helped to stabilize demand.
• On the other hand, jet fuel demand continues to grow strongly amid increasing income levels
and populations, and demand linked to industrial activity is not showing any signs of
accelerating efficiency improvements. Last, residential and commercial and other demand
has also seen efficiency gains slow down a bit of late.
• Therefore, we do not see an oil demand peak on the horizon and barring a broader slowdown
in the interim, expect it to grow at an average pace of 1.1 mb/d between 2027 and 2030 to
average 110.6 mb/d by 2030.
FX: Data sovereignty, energy security and dollar
exceptionalism
Themistoklis Fiotakis(i) Barclays, UK  |  Lefteris Farmakis(i) Barclays, UK
One of the most dominant, resilient and persistent investment trends of the past decade (if not
more) is the rise of US exceptionalism, which has coincided with a long period of a strong
(potentially even somewhat overvalued) dollar. 
So strong is this trend that it has helped the US dominate global capital flows. The decade
before the 2008 crisis was marked by capital flows to international destinations (BRICs, EMs,
etc.) in search of growth and capital deepening. Since about 2012, the flow of capital has
reversed. By and large, capital has flown mainly into the US and specifically into corporate
financing markets (credit and equities). The US equity market represents a dominant and rising
share of global equity capitalization, single companies in the US are worth about as much as the
capitalization of entire developed country indices, while sponsorship for similar sectors, themes
and investment vehicles abroad has waned. 
3 September 2026
30
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 31]
FIGURE 38. The US's Net International Investment Position is a
symptom of US exceptionalism 
FIGURE 39. The dollar is now positively correlated to oil
-80%
-60%
-40%
-20%
0%
20%
77 80 83 86 89 92 95 98 01 04 07 10 13 16 19 22 25
US NIIP (% of GDP)
-20
-15
-10
-5
0
5
10
15
90
94
98
02
06
10
14
18
22
26
Statistical significance at 5% level
USD beta to oil
Note: The chart shows the semi-elasticity of the dollar to oil prices derived via a
linear-log regression linking the two according to the methodology outlined in The
new dollar-oil relationship. The estimated beta translates to 0.5-1% dollar upside for
a 10% increase in oil prices in recent years
Source: Haver Analytics, Barclays Research
Source: Haver Analytics, Bloomberg, Barclays Research
As things stand, the net share of US assets held by foreigners (ie, net of foreign assets held by
Americans) is c.75% of US GDP, when 14 years ago net non-resident holdings amounted to a
much smaller share (Figure 38). Naturally, this timespan coincides with a US dollar that has
largely appreciated against major and emerging currencies. Dollar appreciation has
transformed the FX market from one of diverse themes (such as commodity and central bank
differentiation, carry, etc.) to one of (primarily) dollar sensitivities. 
The mere scale of US asset ownership has given rise to contrarian narratives. Particularly
around "Liberation Day", the concern about capital flight from the US drove a sharp dollar sell-
off. But such narratives keep missing two of the most robust fundamental factors driving returns
for capital higher and drawing the flow of capital from around the world to the US: energy
security and data sovereignty. As we wrote in The Rise of the Mighty Dollar , the past decade has
seen the rise of the US as a major energy exporting destination and as a technology exporting
hub, which has underpinned higher neutral rates and currency strength. 
As we discuss in this note, the rise of AI in a world of geopolitical uncertainties and
fragmentation makes these two pillars of USD exceptionalism not only more robust, but also
more interlinked. The success of the AI experiment of such scale crucially hinges on energy
abundance and security. Increasing demand on energy resources makes energy-supplying
nations (eg, in the Middle East, Latin America but notably also the US, per Figure 39) crucial
participants in the arena of international politics and boosts volumes and their terms of trade. 
Inversely, countries and regions  with digital and energy deficits (eg, the EU or Japan) run crucial
dependencies. Others (such as China) have embarked on a race for their own domestic version
of technological and energy independence.
The same factors driving demand for energy are also driving demand in other commodities
(including copper and other AI-sensitive ones), benefiting resource-rich nations (eg, Australia).
Once again, the US looks well positioned for its exceptionalism to extend. The base is by now
different, which means that non-resident claims on US assets cannot grow at the same pace as
they did over recent years. Yet it is also unlikely that strong outflows will emerge soon and drive
a persistent dollar undervaluation trend, at least barring recessions in the US corporate sector.
3 September 2026
31
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 32]
There is also a clear wedge to terms of trade and overall competitiveness between the energy
(and commodities more broadly) "haves" and "have-nots". Energy-exporting nations are
expected to support higher local yields and more resilient currencies. On the other hand, rising
digital deficits in industrial nations such as Europe and Japan could prove to be long-term
factors for low growth and volatile terms of trade (Figure 40).
Last, on a geopolitical level, it is pretty clear that the world is splitting between those who are
better linked to the US and those who are opting for the Chinese ecosystem of trade and
information intelligence. This shift is redrawing the global energy map (eg, the Russia-China oil
link), creating fresh areas of competition and risk. Rising trade tensions between the US and
China and the Iran situation can be seen as expressions of these emerging areas of pressure.
FIGURE 40. Terms of trade  betas to shifts in energy and other commodities
-0.6
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
NOK COP MXN CAD GBP AUD BRL SEK NZD HUF TRY PLN EUR ZAR CNY INR KRW USD JPY
Energy
Agriculture
Industrial
Note: The chart shows estimated long-term elasticities of countries' ToT to energy, agriculture and industrial metal
indices. Estimates are derived from a regression of ToT percentage changes on their one-period lag, percentage changes in
the three commodity price indices, and their squared terms to account for non-linearities 
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
A new era for energy expansion 
Maggie O'Neal(iii) Barclays, UK  |  Charlotte Edwards, CFA(iii) Barclays, UK  | 
Jordan Isvy(iii) Barclays, UK
(iii) This author is a member of the EMEA Equity Research department who may publish equity
and debt research.
Transition: A secular capital-allocation cycle
We see the current moment as a critical juncture in the global energy transition. The first
phase was defined by climate ambition, falling clean-technology costs and rapid deployment,
supported by a geopolitical environment broadly conducive to global coordination. This was
effective in bringing down green premia, establishing clean power as the predominant source of
incremental generation (see Taking stock of the IEA World Energy Outlook and EI statistical
review of world energy - key takeaways). We believe the transition is entering a new phase,
increasingly underpinned by secular growth drivers beyond climate.
Energy security and competitiveness are emerging as transition drivers on par with
sustainability. As we discussed in Sustainable Investing 2026 Outlook: Security, Sustainability,
Scalability, the transition is increasingly tied to energy sovereignty, AI infrastructure, defence
and domestic industrial capacity. Countries are pursuing pathways shaped by their resource
endowments, industrial priorities and energy-import vulnerabilities, while rising power demand
3 September 2026
32
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 33]
is colliding with transmission constraints and geopolitical fragmentation is reshaping energy
and technology flows. For the US, rising power demand and the pursuit of the "energy
dominance" agenda continue to support investment, despite a less favourable federal policy
environment for parts of the clean-energy complex (Taking stock of US power post-OBBB).
Across Asia and Europe, the economics of electro-tech and the push for energy sovereignty
remain important transition catalysts. While the lexicon varies by region, the overall direction is
the same with clean energy increasingly being deployed as strategic infrastructure. This
broadens the transition’s foundations beyond climate policy and, in our view, makes the
underlying capital cycle more durable. 
We view this as a structurally bullish signal for both clean and conventional
energy. Investment in the entire energy system is rising, with clean energy and electrification
solutions increasingly gaining share in the global energy portfolio. Clean energy investment
reached parity with hydrocarbons only in 2019, but is expected to be twice as large in 2026. The
IEA expects total energy investment to reach $3.4trn in 2026, up 5% year-on-year, with almost
two-thirds directed towards clean energy technologies and infrastructure (Figure 41). The
acceleration since 2022, despite a narrative shift away from climate, supports our view that the
clean energy investment cycle is increasingly structural.
FIGURE 41. Global investment in energy, 2016-2026e
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026e
Fossil fuels
Clean energy
$trn (2025, MER)
MER = Market Exchange Rate. 2026e = estimated. Data are approximated from the IEA. 
Source: World Energy Investment 2026, CC BY 4.0, Barclays Research
A multi-decade investment gap, not a temporary capex lift
Rapidly rising energy transition capex is still insufficient to meet global energy needs,
meaning hydrocarbons will likely form part of the global energy mix beyond 2050. The
energy transition is a multi-decade megatrend. It will require capital not only for greenfield
assets, but also for transforming the existing high-emitting capital stock. In The
macroeconomics of the green transition, we and our Global Economics colleagues estimated
that reaching the Paris Agreement would imply additional net investment of 2-8% of global GDP
annually. This estimate comes with a wide range given the high degree of variance across
different energy transition scenarios (Figure 42). However, the common thread is that the
energy transition will require a sustained increase relative to the current c.$2trn/year,
highlighting the need for additional investments in the energy system. For example, the IEA's
NZE scenario sees annual clean energy transition investment rising to c.$5trn by 2030, before
levelling off at c.$4.5trn by 2050 (Figure 43).
3 September 2026
33
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 34]
FIGURE 42. Significant transition capex is required under a range of
scenarios...
FIGURE 43. ... and will need to be sustained out to 2050
Av annual
investment to
2030 ($ tn)
Source
Scenario
Scope
3.5
NGFS
Net Zero 2050
Total transition investment in
1.5 °C scenario
4.5
IEA
Net Zero 2050
Broad clean-energy
investment requirement
across power, grids, EVs,
efficiency, low-emissions
fuels, CCUS and related
infrastructure
>5
IRENA
1.5C pathway
Broad annual investment
requirement to stay on a
1.5°C-aligned energy
transition pathway.
5.6
BNEF
Net-zero
pathway /
Paris-aligned
transition
Broad low-carbon energy-
transition investment
requirement to get on track
for global net zero by 2050
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
2016-2020
2030
2040
2050
Average annual capital investment ($ tn)
IEA 2021 NZE energy-sector capital investment.
Source: NGFS, IEA, IRENA, BNEF, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
The composition of this investment matters as much as the total. The first phase of the
transition was principally about adding clean generation and lowering technology costs. The
next phase is likely to be more system-wide and capital-intensive: connecting clean generation,
balancing variable output, electrifying final demand, transforming high-emitting industrial
assets and protecting infrastructure against physical risks. This is consistent with our 2026
Global Energy Transition Barometer, which finds transition momentum improving across every
region covered, with clean-energy supply the strongest and most broadly based tailwind.
However, it also identifies rising system friction, with renewable capacity expanding while grid
investment lags, clean-generation costs falling while integration costs rise, and electrification
advancing without sufficient clean power or system flexibility. The constraint is  shifting from
whether clean technologies can scale to the ability of the wider energy system to absorb that
scale reliably and economically.
In the new energy equation, reliability is attracting a premium
An increasingly electrified economy raises the premium for clean, firm baseload
power. Variable renewables will retain a leading role in new capacity additions, but nuclear,
hydro, geothermal, long-duration storage and other forms of flexible low-carbon capacity
should be viewed as complements, rather than competing transition narratives. We are
particularly constructive on nuclear's strategic role, with its position at the intersection of
decarbonisation, energy security and powering AI, informing our view that we are in the midst
of a nuclear renaissance (Investing in nuclear: From baseload to breakthroughs). We remain
selective on investability, seeing more attractive opportunities in the wider value chain
(Uranium: Make or break for the nuclear supercycle), which is not as exposed to execution risk
as downstream companies (Nuclear progresses from conviction to construction). In the longer
term, we see nuclear fusion as a technology with the potential to revolutionise the energy
system and solve the energy trilemma (Fusion: Tomorrow's solution to today's problem). 
This selectivity illustrates a wider principle for clean infrastructure: strategic relevance
does not automatically translate into attractive returns. China’s manufacturing scale and
technology innovation have lowered the cost of solar, batteries and other electro-technologies,
accelerating deployment but compressing margins across commoditised supply chains. Being
constructive on clean-energy deployment is therefore not the same as being uniformly bullish
on clean-tech manufacturers, with value potentially accruing more consistently to developers
3 September 2026
34
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 35]
FIGURE 44. Global investment in grids significantly lags that into
energy generation assets
FIGURE 45. Rapid renewables growth has outstripped grid investment
growth, particularly in China and wider Asia
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
Energy generation assets
Grids
Global investment in 2024 ($bn)
-35%
-30%
-25%
-20%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
2021
2022
2023
2024
North America
Europe
China
Asia ex-China
LatAm
Global
Grid investment gap (%)
Grid investment gap is computed as the difference between grid investment and
renewable capacity growth rates.
Source: IEA (2025), World Energy Investment 2025, CC BY 4.0
Source: BloombergNEF, Ember, Barclays Research
with route-to-grid and contracted demand or to scarcer enabling assets such as transmission,
transformers, storage and grid software. Geopolitical fragmentation further complicates capital
allocation, as countries are balancing low-cost Chinese equipment with supply-chain resilience
and industrial sovereignty, while retaining access to US-linked hydrocarbons for flexibility
(Weekly Spotlight: Clean tech versus oil and gas exports). The clean-investment gap will not be
closed simply by identifying the technologies required in a transition pathway. Projects need
investible revenue models, viable offtake, manageable construction risk, predictable regulation
and a cost of capital consistent with their duration. Where these conditions are absent, even
economically necessary infrastructure can remain unfunded.
Transmission is becoming as important as generation
The most acute shortfall is not necessarily in clean generation itself, but in the
infrastructure required to make that generation usable. Cheap generation does not
necessarily imply reliable power. Its value depends increasingly on route-to-grid, storage,
demand flexibility, interconnection and the ability of the power system to manage changing
patterns of supply and demand. The Iberian blackout illustrates the challenge. As we wrote in
our Network Security series, the Spanish government’s investigation identified insufficient
voltage-control capacity as a principal contributor, rather than high renewable penetration or a
simple lack of system inertia. Renewable generation was not inherently the problem, but its
rapid growth had exposed weaknesses in a power system that had not been modernised
sufficiently quickly. The investment is also needed for large renewable adopters such as China
and India, evidenced by their latest capex budgets. 
Bringing network investment closer to generation could define the next phase of the
transition. Global investment into grids amounted to roughly $400bn globally in 2024,
compared with about $1trn in generation assets, highlighting the potential scale of the
investment opportunity as this ratio moves closer to parity (Figure 44). Our Energy Transition
Barometer similarly finds renewable capacity growth outpacing grid investment in several
regions, contributing to congestion, negative wholesale prices and greater volatility where
network capacity and flexibility have failed to keep pace (Figure 45). We do not view this as a
sign that the transition is failing, but rather that it is entering a more infrastructure-intensive
phase that will require transmission, distribution, storage, transformers, cables,
interconnection and digital grid management.
3 September 2026
35
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 36]
FIGURE 46. Total ESG bond issuance across all asset classes
FIGURE 47. H1 26 issuance by sector
0
200
400
600
800
1,000
1,200
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26 f/c
Issuance, $bn equivalent
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
Banking
Utility
REITS
Transportation
Technology
Finance Company
Autos
Capital Goods
Communications
Percentage contribution towards total issuance
DM hard currency bonds only. Excludes transition bonds.
DM hard currency corporate bonds only. Excludes transition bonds.
Source: Bloomberg, Dealogic, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Dealogic, Barclays Research
The financing challenge: Mobilising capital at scale through ESG bonds
ESG bonds have helped scale low-carbon investment
Delivering the next phase of the energy system will require trillions of dollars of investment
across generation, transmission, storage, industrial infrastructure and energy-security assets,
presenting a significant financing challenge. Mobilising sufficient capital may prove just as
important as identifying the technologies needed to deliver the transition.
The ESG bond market is one mechanism through which this capital can be deployed. Over the
past decade, green, sustainability and sustainability-linked bonds have evolved into a multi-
trillion-dollar market (Figure 46) and an important source of financing for corporates,
sovereigns and SSAs in particular. To date, however, both issuance and use-of-proceeds have
been concentrated in a relatively narrow set of sectors and activities. Banks, utilities and real
estate have dominated corporate issuance (Figure 47 and Figure 48), while green bond
financing has been directed primarily towards renewable energy, clean transportation and
green buildings (Figure 49). As a result, labelled debt markets have played an important role in
financing renewable energy, clean transportation and green buildings, but have been used less
extensively in many of the sectors and activities facing the greatest transition financing needs.
ESG-labelled bonds can also offer issuers benefits beyond financing specific projects. They can
help diversify and broaden the investor base, provide a mechanism for demonstrating
transition and sustainability commitments, and may offer issuance-related advantages through
stronger order books and, in some cases, modest pricing benefits (Secondary market greeniums
fade, primary benefits remain).
3 September 2026
36
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 37]
FIGURE 48. ESG bonds as a percentage of total, by €-IG index sector
FIGURE 49. Percentage of €-IG green bonds including each project
category as eligible
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
% of index made up of green bonds, by amount outstanding
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
Percentage of EUR IG bonds
Index as at end-2025.
Index-eligible €-IG green bonds only.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Transition finance could help close the gap
The challenge is that many of the sectors facing the greatest capital requirements in the next
phase of the energy transition have made relatively limited use of ESG-labelled financing. Hard-
to-abate industries, including parts of the energy, industrial and materials sectors, remain
under-represented despite being central to the decarbonisation challenge. This matters
because the new energy equation is about more than renewable deployment alone. It requires
investment across a broader set of assets, including industrial transformation, energy-security
infrastructure and technologies that reduce emissions from existing systems.
This is where transition finance could become increasingly important. Transition bonds have
the potential to channel capital towards decarbonisation activities in sectors that cannot easily
issue traditional green bonds because their activities are not fully aligned with a low-carbon
end-state today. However, adoption remains relatively limited, with cumulative issuance of just
over $50bn since 2017 (Figure 50), a fraction of the more than $3trn green bond market, and
most issuance to date has been from utilities rather than industrial hard-to-abate sectors such
as steel, cement, aviation, shipping, etc. (Figure 51). In our view, further market development
will require greater policy and market clarity about what constitutes a credible transition
investment, including guidance on issues such as carbon lock-in, the use of transitional
technologies and appropriate sunset dates for emissions-intensive assets. Greater certainty
could help issuers access the market with confidence while providing investors with clearer
frameworks for assessing transition credibility (Transition bonds: Assessing the path to
maturity).
3 September 2026
37
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 38]
FIGURE 50. Annual transition bond issuance
FIGURE 51. Corporate transition bonds outstanding, by sector
0
5
10
15
20
25
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
Issuance, $bn equivalent
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
Amount outstanding, $bn equivalent
Includes all currencies. 2026 issuance as at 20 July.
Includes all currencies. Excludes non-corporate issuers. As at 20 July 2026.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Grid infrastructure could be the next frontier
Electricity networks may provide a useful example of where the ESG and transition bond
markets can complement one another. Although grid infrastructure already features within
many utility green bond frameworks, labelled financing has historically been more heavily
concentrated on renewable generation than on the transmission and distribution networks
needed to support it. Yet grid investment is increasingly becoming a critical constraint on
electrification, renewable deployment and energy-system resilience.
The treatment of electricity networks highlights the complexity of sustainable finance
classifications. In practice, not all green bond frameworks require network investments to be
dedicated solely to renewable energy projects. Frameworks from electricity network operators
including National Grid and Redeia allow broader transmission and distribution investments to
qualify where networks meet criteria linked to facilitating the transition to a lower-carbon
electricity system. This approach is broadly consistent with the EU Taxonomy's transmission
and distribution of electricity activity (Activity 4.9), which recognises electricity networks as an
enabling activity, provided certain system-level decarbonisation criteria are met. Renewable-
specific grid connections and network upgrades designed to integrate higher shares of
renewable generation are also commonly included as eligible expenditures.
Nevertheless, questions can arise in jurisdictions where fossil fuels continue to account for a
significant share of electricity generation. Because transmission and distribution assets
facilitate the delivery of all electricity on the system, some investors may view certain network
investments as transition activities, rather than purely green ones, particularly where system
decarbonisation remains at an earlier stage. We therefore see scope for both green and
transition bond markets to play a larger role in financing the infrastructure required to support
a more electrified, resilient and lower-carbon energy system.
Public Policy: Can the US build power fast enough?
Michael McLean(v) BCI, US
(v) This author is a registered US equity research analyst who is subject to US FINRA Rule 2241
and who may write debt research under FINRA Rule 2242.
3 September 2026
38
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 39]
Meeting rising energy demand will require the rapid expansion of generation and transmission
capacity. In our view, policy and permitting constraints could prevent the US from expanding
energy infrastructure quickly enough and at sufficient scale to keep pace with demand.
A postwar energy boom
Much of today's US energy infrastructure was built during the 1950s, 1960s and early 1970s.
Electricity generation more than doubled in the 1950s and nearly doubled again in the 1960s,
while the US built roughly 8,000 miles of transmission lines annually between 1965 and 1975.
Half of today's natural gas transmission network was installed during that period.
Critically, much of this build-out occurred before the modern federal permitting regime was
established. We question whether the US could replicate anything close to that pace under
today's regulatory framework.
FIGURE 52. US Electricity Generation by Major Source, 1950-2025
0
500,000
1,000,000
1,500,000
2,000,000
2,500,000
3,000,000
3,500,000
4,000,000
4,500,000
5,000,000
1950 1955 1960 1965 1970 1975 1980 1985 1990 1995 2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025
Generation (million kWh)
Coal
Natural Gas
Nuclear
Renewables
Petroleum and Others
Source: Barclays Research, US Energy Information Administration (EIA)
Permitting has become increasingly complex
Permitting is often discussed as a single process, but in practice it involves multiple federal,
state and local reviews that can add years to project timelines. For large infrastructure projects,
we estimate developers may face more than 60 permits and reviews across numerous agencies.
Our analysis suggests delays are common. Across 104 energy-related projects in the federal
permitting system, nearly one-third of completed milestones have been late. State and local
approvals can further extend timelines, while litigation risk remains significant. Almost 30% of
large energy projects have been cancelled or paused.
Prior permitting reforms have under-delivered
Congress has repeatedly attempted to streamline permitting, but progress has been modest.
The 2023 Fiscal Responsibility Act introduced a two-year deadline for environmental impact
statements, yet only 39% have met that target.
While several new reform proposals are under discussion, the track record of previous efforts
suggests meaningful change may prove difficult to achieve quickly.
3 September 2026
39
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 40]
2 E&E News by Politico. It’s official: Permitting deal won’t happen this week. August 5, 2026.
3 Executive Order: Unleashing American Energy, Executive Order: Declaring a National Energy Emergency, Executive Order:
Unleashing Alaska's Extraordinary Resource Potential, Executive Order: Updating Permitting Technology for the 21st
Century, Executive Order: Accelerating Federal Permitting of Data Center Infrastructure, Executive Order: Zero-Based
Regulatory Budgeting to Unleash American Energy
FIGURE 53. Top Federal Permits for Energy Projects and Median
Duration of Permit Issuance
FIGURE 54. Median Number of Years Between NOI and EIS
0
200
400
600
800
1000
1200
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
EIS
ESA (DOI-FWS)
Sec 106 NHPA
Sec 404 CWA
Sec 10 RHA, Sec…
RoW authorization
ESA (NOAA-NMFS)
Sec 408 RHA
MSA, Sec 305 EFH
MMPA
COP
Sec 10 RHA
EA
OCS permit
CPCN / Sec 7
# of actions
Frequency of Federal Permit Actions
Median Duration
Days
0
5
10
15
20
25
1990-94
1995-99
2000-04
2005-09
2010-14
2015-19
2020-24
Years
NOI is Notice of Intent. EIS is Environmental Impact Study.
Source: Barclays Research, Federal Permitting Dashboard
Source: Barclays Research, CEQ
In 2024, bipartisan negotiations in the Senate failed to yield an agreement. Most recently, in
July, the House Energy and Commerce Committee released the POWER ACT, a package of
permitting reforms, but senators missed a soft deadline to release their own proposal of
reforms before the August congressional recess.2
The jury is out on the effect of executive actions
The Trump administration has sought to accelerate permitting for energy and data centre
projects through executive action, and some permitting metrics have improved. However, it
remains too early to conclude that review times for major projects have materially shortened.3
More importantly, executive action has inherent limitations: it cannot fully address the federal,
state and local constraints that slow infrastructure development. Without broader legislative
reform, we believe permitting will remain a significant barrier to expanding US energy
infrastructure at the speed and scale required.
3 September 2026
40
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 41]
Part 2: Equity and Credit views
Summary of recommendations
Our preferred equities OW names across the global energy complex offer
upgrades and/or re-rating potential
In Figures 55-56, we focus on our preferred OW equity ideas (typically three per sector). We take
the average of the upside to our 12-month price targets and the average of the upside/downside
vs. consensus EPS for 2028. 
FIGURE 55. Average upside to Barclays Equities Research target prices, by sector
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
Europe Oil
Services
US Oil
Services
North
America
Clean Tech
Europe
Utilities
Europe O&G US Utilities
US O&G
North
America
Midstream
Refining
Average upside to price target
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
FIGURE 56. Barclays 2028 EPS estimates vs. the consensus: average upside by sector
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
Europe Oil
Services
Europe O&G
US Oil
Services
US O&G
Europe
Utilities
US Utilities
North
America
Clean Tech
North
America
Midstream
Refining
2028 EPS vs css
Average Barc vs css - 2028
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
41
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 42]
Summary of sector views
FIGURE 57.
Sector Name
Why Sector Matters
Energy Security & Return of Capital
AI, Power Demand & New Electricity
Economy
US Oil & Gas
Key supplier of global energy & global
LNG growth.
Security supports selective capex.
AI boosts gas and LNG demand, which
supports cash flows.
N. America Midstream &
Refining
Critical export infrastructure, core
energy transport network.
More spend on LNG and export
assets.
Gas infrastructure gains from AI
demand.
Europe Integrated Energy
Key LNG and trading franchise,
systemically important suppliers.
More upstream and LNG investment.
Gas remains critical transition fuel.
Energy demand underpins cash
generation.
LatAm Energy
Low-cost resource base.
Security lowers cost of capital.
LNG and power investment
increasing.
US Energy Services
Critical service provider ecosystem.
Enables resource and power growth.
Underinvestment supports pricing.
Geothermal and power create
demand. New power markets support
growth.
Europe Energy Services
Essential energy enabler. Supports
LNG and offshore growth.
Security expands backlog visibility.
Grid and power investment
supportive. Power demand improves
visibility.
Utilities
Critical electricity infrastructure,
central to electrification and AI.
Major grid and generation spend.
Direct beneficiary of AI demand.
Higher demand improves cash flows.
Asia-Pacific Energy
Largest demand-growth region.
Focus on domestic security to
improve resilience
Grid and storage investment rises.
Clean Tech & Power Supply
Chain
Supplies power and grid buildout,
supporting energy transition.
Capital flows to nuclear and storage.
Largest AI-related growth
opportunity.
Source: Barclays Research
3 September 2026
42
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 43]
Equities 
FIGURE 58. Equities: We highlight Global opportunities across the value chain
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
Potential Upside / downside (%)
European Energy Services
European Integrated Energy
European Utilities & Clean Energy
North America Clean Technology
North America Midstream and Refining
North America Power & Utilities
U.S. Business & Professional Services
U.S. Energy Services & Technology
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
43
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 44]
FIGURE 59. Equities: Where upside meets value
XOM US
COP US
OXY US
EQT US
CNX US
ET US
PPL CN
VLO US
PAA US
HAL US
FTI US
NOV US
SHEL LN
TTE FP
ENI IM
OMV AV
FSLR US
GNRC US
ETR US
XEL US
NEE US
RWE GR
SSE LN
DRX LN
ENGI FP
CNA LN
SLR SM
ENEL IM
UU/ LN
NTGY SM
TE FP
TGS NO
TEN IM
VK FP
0.0x
5.0x
10.0x
15.0x
20.0x
25.0x
30.0x
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
P/E ratio 1yr fwd
Upside/downside %
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
North America Midstream and Refining
U.S. Energy Services & Technology
European Integrated Energy
U.S. Business & Professional Services
North America Clean Technology
European Energy Services
North America Power & Utilities
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Bubble size: Market Cap 
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
44
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 45]
Equities - Preferred names
FIGURE 60. The Equity Energy Playbook
Ticker
Industry
Industry
View
Analyst Rec.
Mkt Cap
$bn
PT
%
Potential
Upside
PE
1yr fwd
PE
2yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
1yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
2yr fwd
Rationale
XOM US
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Positive
Overweight
675
177
8%
13.7x
14.1x
0.1x
0.0x
Deep resources, scale and execution strength
support outsized FCF growth through the energy-
addition cycle.
COP US
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Positive
Overweight
161
150
10%
12.4x
12.2x
NM
NM
Low-cost inventory and capital discipline offer
clean exposure to shale scarcity and FCF growth.
OXY US
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Positive
Overweight
61
71
16%
11.4x
14.6x
0.2x
0.0x
Permian scarcity, EOR expertise and deleveraging
create upside as quality shale tightens.
EQT US
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Positive
Overweight
34
68
22%
14.4x
9.9x
0.7x
0.3x
Appalachian scale and demand-led contracts give
EQT leverage to gas scarcity.
ET US
North America Midstream and
Refining
Neutral
Overweight
75
24
12%
14.2x
13.6x
3.5x
3.2x
Underappreciated natural gas pipeline assets,
Permian liquids and export links make ET a direct
beneficiary of power demand and security.
PPL CN
North America Midstream and
Refining
Neutral
Overweight
29
69
1%
22.0x
20.8x
2.9x
2.9x
NGL, LNG and Alberta power exposure give PPL
multiple routes into security-led infrastructure
demand.
VLO US
North America Midstream and
Refining
Neutral
Overweight
104
323
-11%
11.8x
17.5x
0.1x
0.0x
Gulf Coast scale, feedstock flexibility and export
reach position VLO to capture global margin
disruption.
HAL US
U.S. Energy Services & Technology
Positive
Overweight
31
53
44%
12.7x
9.8x
0.9x
0.6x
North America recovery and VoltaGrid optionality
make HAL a differentiated capex-cycle beneficiary.
FTI US
U.S. Energy Services & Technology
Positive
Overweight
31
87
11%
23.2x
NM
-0.8x
-1.0x
Subsea leadership, rising orders and margin upside
position FTI for the next offshore infrastructure
cycle.
SEI US
U.S. Energy Services & Technology
Positive
Overweight
4
90
81%
19.6x
9.6x
4.6x
3.0x
2GW+ contracted distributed power backlog gives
Solaris direct exposure to hyperscaler speed-to-
power demand.
SHEL LN
European Integrated Energy
Positive
Overweight
256
4500
31%
9.4x
10.0x
0.5x
0.5x
LNG scale, trading strength and FCF/share targets
make Shell a clear energy-security beneficiary.
TTE FP
European Integrated Energy
Positive
Overweight
205
94
21%
7.9x
7.3x
0.5x
0.4x
Hydrocarbon growth, power buildout and long
reserves give TTE balanced energy-addition
exposure.
ENI IM
European Integrated Energy
Positive
Overweight
83
28.5
20%
9.4x
8.7x
0.6x
0.4x
Gas-led growth, LNG exposure and exploration
strength align Eni with security-driven supply
investment.
FSLR US
North America Clean Technology
Positive
Overweight
21
279
40%
9.2x
6.3x
-1.2x
-1.8x
US solar manufacturing scale makes FSLR a friend-
shoring winner as power demand accelerates.
OKLO US
North America Clean Technology
Positive
Overweight
7
76
97%
NM
NM
NM
NM
Advanced nuclear optionality gives OKLO scarce
exposure to reliable power for AI-led demand.
BE US
North America Clean Technology
Positive
Equal Weight
58
276
29%
49.5x
31.5x
-0.5x
-0.9x
Fuel cells offer a speed-to-power solution where
grid constraints delay new industrial load.
TRE SM
European Energy Services
Positive
Overweight
2
49
86%
8.2x
6.1x
2.0x
2.1x
Backlog momentum, margin recovery and early AI-
power wins support TRE into security-led project
demand.
TE FP
European Energy Services
Positive
Overweight
7
48
53%
11.2x
8.1x
-4.5x
-3.8x
Record backlog and LNG awards give Technip
visible earnings as global gas infrastructure
investment rises.
3 September 2026
45
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 46]
Ticker
Industry
Industry
View
Analyst Rec.
Mkt Cap
$bn
PT
%
Potential
Upside
PE
1yr fwd
PE
2yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
1yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
2yr fwd
Rationale
TGS NO
European Energy Services
Positive
Overweight
3
200
45%
8.6x
6.2x
0.2x
0.1x
Frontier exploration recovery and deleveraging
potential make TGS a geared resource-security play.
TEN IM
European Energy Services
Positive
Overweight
28
34.5
41%
12.8x
11.7x
-1.2x
-1.1x
US pricing, deepwater activity and geothermal
demand support Tenaris as energy spend broadens.
VK FP
European Energy Services
Positive
Overweight
6
27
44%
12.2x
7.9x
-0.2x
-0.3x
Middle East recovery, deepwater demand and
geothermal growth support Vallourec across scarce
pipe supply.
ETR US
North America Power & Utilities
Positive
Overweight
49
128
20%
21.4x
18.7x
6.3x
6.4x
Limited rate-case risk and open capacity for new
load give ETR growth optionality beyond plan.
XEL US
North America Power & Utilities
Positive
Overweight
47
90
19%
17.2x
15.5x
5.7x
5.6x
Discounted valuation, balance-sheet quality and
grid capex create re-rating potential as wildfire
fears fade.
RWE GR
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
53
72
23%
18.2x
16.8x
2.4x
2.4x
Flexible generation, trading and data-centre
exposure make RWE a leading European AI-power
beneficiary.
SSE LN
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
39
2860
19%
11.4x
9.7x
2.8x
3.3x
Networks and renewables growth give SSE direct
exposure to grid bottlenecks and electrification
capex.
DRX LN
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
4
1120
40%
12.7x
10.5x
2.2x
1.9x
Dispatchable generation and biomass optionality
position Drax for power scarcity and firm capacity
demand.
ENGI FP
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
72
31
27%
12.0x
11.4x
NM
NM
Merchant, trading and flexible assets give Engie
leverage to power scarcity and commodity
volatility.
CNA LN
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
10
215
41%
12.4x
10.9x
-0.1x
0.1x
Centrica’s flexible energy portfolio benefits from
commodity volatility and demand for resilient
supply.
SLR SM
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
3
24
42%
11.1x
9.0x
4.4x
3.9x
Merchant generation exposure gives Solaria
leverage to higher power prices and electricity
scarcity.
ENEL IM
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
109
11
19%
12.2x
11.5x
2.8x
2.9x
Grid scale and data-centre-linked demand support
Enel as electrification capex accelerates.
UU/ LN
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Overweight
14
1535
9%
11.9x
11.3x
6.9x
6.9x
Defensive regulated growth and UK water re-rating
potential make United Utilities a value idea.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research 
Credit preferred names & trade ideas
FIGURE 61. Credit Energy Play Book (at Issuer level)
Ticker
Issuer
IG/HY Sector
Analyst Rec.
Credit rating
Net Debt /
EBITDA
(last
reported)
Rationale
BPLN
BP
IG
Oil & Gas – Europe
OW
A-/A1
0.9x
Lower capex, debt reduction and stronger commodity
backdrop support spread tightening.
TTEFP
TotalEnergies
IG
Oil & Gas – Europe
OW
A+/(P)Aa3
0.7x
Integrated resilience, diversified LNG, trading and refining
earnings; low leverage and strong cash generation.
3 September 2026
46
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 47]
Ticker
Issuer
IG/HY Sector
Analyst Rec.
Credit rating
Net Debt /
EBITDA
(last
reported)
Rationale
VENLNG / VEGLPL / VENTGL
Venture Global HoldCo
HY
Energy – US
MW
BB/BB/B1
3.9x
One of the most active companies with respect to adding LNG
capacity before 2030.
STOAU
Santos
IG
Energy – Asia Pacific
OW
Baa3 Pos/BBB-
Stb/BBB Stb
1.9x
LNG-heavy producer; Asia energy security and project ramp-
up support ratings upside.
LGENSO
LG Energy Solution
IG
Energy – Asia Pacific
OW
Baa2 Stb/BBB
Neg/NR
NM
Positioned for ESS and data-centre power demand growth.
VST
Vistra
IG
Utilities & Power – US
OW
BBB-/Ba1
3.0x
Merchant power scarcity and load growth support leverage
improvement.
EDF
EDF
IG
Utilities & Power – Europe
OW
BBB+/Baa1
2.2x
State support, nuclear exposure and strong financeability
profile.
TENN
TenneT Holding
IG
Utilities & Power – Europe
OW
BBB+/Baa2
12.4x
State-backed funding framework and supportive liability-
management dynamics.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
FIGURE 62. Trade Ideas
Ticker
Name
Sector
Trade idea
Rationale
RIG
Transocean
Energy – US
We view the 8.5% 2031s and longer-dated 2038s as the most
attractive options.
Offshore cycle strengthening; merger creates scale, backlog and
upgrade potential from rating agencies.
FLQIII / FLIQII
Freeport LNG
Energy – US
We recommend buying FLQIII 5.55s (2039 final, 2033 average
life) and/or FLIQII 5.92s (2039 final, 2035 average life).
Attractive ~6% yields; contracted cash flows and lower refinancing risk.
PLNIJ
PLN Indonesia 2036s
Energy – Asia Pacific
Buy PLNIJ 36s
Electrification capex theme; improving state compensation cycle.
PETMK
Petronas 2050s
Energy – Asia Pacific
Buy PETMK ‘50s
Strong liquidity, low refinancing risk and energy security beneficiary
with ~58% proven oil and gas reserves located in Malaysia.
PHILIP 5y CDS
Philippines 5Y CDS
Energy – Asia Pacific
PHILIP 5y CDS
Attractive hedge against oil-import vulnerability and supply shocks.
AYDEMT
Aydem Renewables
EEMEA
Buy AYDEMT 2030s
Renewable growth exposure with attractive ~10% carry.
AZURGY
Azule Energy
EEMEA
Buy AZURGY 2030s
Low leverage; benefits from new discoveries and stronger oil demand.
KOS-GTA
Kosmos GTA
EEMEA
Buy KOS (GTA) 11.25% 2031s
LNG optionality via Greater Tortue Ahmeyim and future gas sales
upside.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Equities - Where we are cautious
FIGURE 63.
Ticker
Industry
Industry
View
Analyst Rec.
Mkt Cap
$bn
PT
%
Potential
Upside
PE
1yr fwd
PE
2yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
1yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
2yr fwd
Rationale
CNX US
U.S. Integrated Oil & E&P
Positive
Underweight
5
35
-7%
10.1x
7.9x
1.5x
1.4x
Less attractive relative growth and scarcity
exposure.
PAA US
North America Midstream and
Refining
Neutral
Underweight
18
23
-11%
17.1x
16.1x
2.6x
2.5x
Less leverage to preferred export growth themes.
OMV AV
European Integrated Energy
Positive
Underweight
26
57
-18%
8.2x
9.1x
0.5x
0.4x
Higher chemicals exposure; weaker strategic
positioning.
NOV US
U.S. Energy Services & Technology
Positive
Underweight
8
20
-6%
17.1x
13.8x
NM
NM
Greater exposure to mature oilfield activity.
3 September 2026
47
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 48]
Ticker
Industry
Industry
View
Analyst Rec.
Mkt Cap
$bn
PT
%
Potential
Upside
PE
1yr fwd
PE
2yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
1yr fwd
Net Debt /
EBITDA
2yr fwd
Rationale
NEE US
North America Power & Utilities
Positive
Equal Weight
172
91
10%
19.3x
17.7x
5.0x
4.8x
Valuation and growth concerns versus peers.
NTGY SM
European Utilities & Clean Energy
Positive
Equal Weight
33
32
8%
13.1x
13.2x
2.4x
2.2x
Less attractive positioning in power capex cycle.
GNRC US
North America Clean Technology
Positive
Equal Weight
11
278
53%
16.3x
13.7x
0.6x
0.1x
Less exposed to structural AI power beneficiaries.
VSTS US
U.S. Business & Professional
Services
Neutral
Underweight
2
11
-9%
17.3x
17.0x
NM
NM
Merchant power exposure makes VST a direct
beneficiary of AI-driven electricity scarcity.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Credit - Where we are cautious
FIGURE 64.
Ticker
Issuer
IG/HY Sector
Analyst Rec.
Credit rating
Net Debt /
EBITDA
(last
reported)
1yr fwd
Rationale
NEE
NextEra Energy Inc
IG
Utilities & Power – US
UW
A-/Baa1
6.8x
Heavy funding requirements expected to weigh on spreads.
NTGY
Naturgy
IG
Utilities & Power – Europe
UW
BBB/Baa2
2.2x
Lower growth profile and limited exposure to electrification investment
cycle.
KORGAS
Korea Gas Corp
IG
Energy – Asia Pacific
UW
AA/Aa2
NM
National oil companies and power utilities that cannot promptly pass on
higher fuel costs are potentially vulnerable to bond spread volatility.
KORELE
Korea Electric Power Corp
IG
Energy – Asia Pacific
UW
Aa2
NM
Likely to incur higher capex and debt, as it is expected to lead Korea's power
infrastructure build-out.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
48
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 49]
Oil services - US Equity views 
J. David Anderson, CFA BCI, US  |  Eddie Kim BCI, US
Why our sector matters 
We view the current environment as the best setup for the Energy Services sector in 20 years.
Over the past 12 months, we have witnessed twin “black swan” events that have dramatically
disrupted global energy markets with ramifications that will last through the end of the decade.
The War in Iran has triggered the largest oil supply shock in history, curtailing almost 20% of
global oil supply from the blockage of the Strait of Hormuz and shutting in producing fields
across the Middle East. This will have a lasting impact as energy security concerns shift oil and
gas supply routes, new sources of supply are created, and inventories are rebuilt and expanded.
Concurrently, the United States faces an unprecedented surge in power demand as hyperscalers
build out data centres to support the global expansion of AI. However, in our view, the
combination of industrial turbines' long lead times and underinvestment in grid infrastructure
is likely to create a significant power gap by 2030, putting further strain on the energy complex. 
Energy Services plays a critical role in the race for energy resources, providing the
technology, equipment, and labor needed to extract energy, irrespective of the source.
Since the days of the first oil well drilled in the late 1800s, the services industry has been an
integral part of the energy complex. Whether in exploration, evaluation, drilling, completing or
producing, energy services plays a critical role in the lifecycle of the oil well. It provides the
technology to interpret the subsurface, locate the hydrocarbons, and plan the wells for
maximum recovery; the drilling tools to efficiently and effectively reach the target; the
completion techniques to maximize flow; and equipment needed to control pressure and
optimize production rates. Furthermore, the industry provides the assets needed to facilitate
the activity – the offshore and onshore rigs, vessels, workover equipment, and testing facilities.
In other words, oil cannot be produced without a fully capable, technically forward, and robust
global Energy Services industry.
But it’s more than just oil, Energy Services encompasses all energy sources. This is a sector
that has proven to have a transferrable set of skills well beyond the oil markets. Natural gas
markets are directly related as much of the equipment, technology, and infrastructure in oil is
also needed for natural gas production. However, one major difference is the transportation of
natural gas, which requires pipelines to move regionally in a gaseous form or must be liquefied
in a complex process to be exported as LNG, supported by equipment from service companies.
As new energy sources emerge, Energy Service companies will likewise have opportunities to
support their development. Geothermal is perhaps the best example of the transferrable skill
sets as it requires the same subsurface analysis, drilling technologies, and completion
techniques as it does in oil and gas. More recently, many Energy Service companies are now
providing distributed power for behind-the-meter solutions, transferring the experience of
powering electric hydraulic fracking into supplying speed-to-power for data centres. 
Energy Services touches every global upstream oil and gas market. The majority of revenue
for Energy Services companies is directly tied to the upstream capital expenditures of oil
companies.  Globally, three primary markets account for the majority of upstream spending:
North America, International Land, and Offshore.  Each market is distinct in terms of the type of
customer, the complexity of operations and the size of the projects. Shale activity is the primary
driver of North America upstream spending, mostly from exploration & production companies
(E&Ps) who tend to be more sensitive to commodity prices. International land is driven
principally by national oil companies (NOCs), roughly weighted two-thirds Middle East, one-
third Latin America. As NOC production and revenue directly support fiscal budgets, spending
3 September 2026
49
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 50]
FIGURE 65. Global Upstream Spending ($bn)
                                ~35 year cycle
                    Beginning of a new cycle…
$0
$100
$200
$300
$400
$500
$600
$700
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
2027E
2028E
North America
International
CONTRACTION PHASE:
From 1981 to 1986 
spending fell by 56%
CONTRACTION PHASE: 
From 2014 to 2020 
spending fell by 55%
TRANSFORMATION PHASE:
Following the 1986 crash, the 
1990s were marked by cost 
reduction and industry 
bankruptcies/consolidation
GROWTH PHASE:
The 2000s up until 2014 were 
without a doubt the 'golden 
years' of the oil & gas industry
($bn)
TRANSFORMATION/ 
GROWTH PHASE
Source: Barclays Research
decisions tend to be longer term. Offshore is the longest duration market and therefore the
least sensitive to commodity prices. International oil companies (IOCs) account for the majority
of deepwater activity that require long times to contract rigs, order equipment, and ultimately
produce for more than a decade.
Energy security and the return of capital
Following a decade of underinvestment in oil & gas, we expect a rebound in the years
ahead as energy security priorities/concerns come to the forefront. As shown in the figure
below, globally the oil & gas industry has underinvested in Energy over the past decade as E&Ps
have pushed the capital discipline narrative. More recently, over the past three years, the
upstream spending cycle has been in a plateau, weighed down by global oversupply and
upstream capital discipline in North America driven by investors demanding cash flow over
production growth. Now with the oil supply shock of the Iran war likely reverberating for many
years, oil prices structurally higher, and energy security prioritized by governments and
countries alike, we expect substantially more capital investment in upstream over the next
several years. As a result, we are forecasting global upstream spending to accelerate to 9% y/y in
2027 and 10% y/y in 2028.
Middle East – building out capacity, new supply routes to emerge as a result of the Iran
conflict. Structurally higher oil prices will likely cause the international upstream spending
cycle to inflect, though timing is unclear as it depends on a resolution to hostilities with Iran.
Representing about ~20% of international spending, an estimated 9 mmbpd of Middle East
production has been shut in. Combined with lower Iran oil exports, an estimated 2-3 mmbpd of
oil has been displaced, effectively eliminating the market oversupply. Though OPEC is trying to
reassure markets of its spare capacity, the reality is that only Saudi Arabia has the ability to
bring back barrels over the next 12 months. Saudi was already in the process of adding ~40 land
rigs by mid-2026 as it was bringing back voluntary production cuts, now we believe another
40-50 rigs will need to be added to further increase production. Furthermore, we expect Kuwait
and UAE to also ramp up activity and accelerate capacity expansion plans, all in an effort to
make up for displaced barrels. 
Offshore – arguably the barrel with the most "security." After several years of delays, we had
been anticipating the offshore market to inflect some time in 2027, but now we believe the
timing will move up several quarters, possibly as early as the end of 2026. Over the past several
years, there has been a steady decline in the total amount of offshore FIDs announced annually
3 September 2026
50
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 51]
as the timing of a number of larger projects has been pushed out. Concurrently, the deepwater
rig count experienced a fair amount of “white space” over the past few years and the floating rig
count fell from a recent peak of 132 rigs in 3Q24 to 116 rigs in 4Q25, though has since rebounded
to 122 currently. Essentially, a backlog of deepwater development has been building over the
past several years, projects are largely planned and most are economic well below $50/bbl (if
not below $40). But because these are long cycle projects with first oil at least 2-3 years away,
oil companies need confidence in long-dated oil prices and with the 2030-35 strip now at
~$70-75/bbl, this should be the signal to sanction projects and ramp up offshore activity. With
energy security now a priority, Offshore deepwater becomes the most secure/attractive barrel,
the most viable and economic solution to diversifying global oil supply. 
Speed to power solutions to fill a potential US gap. A year ago, the Distributed Power
industry barely existed, comprised of medium sized turbines and reciprocating engines
predominantly used to serve the needs of the oil and gas industry as it electrified the Permian
Basin, including building out eFrac operations. Fast forward to today and Distributed Power is
now critical to filling the significant power gap facing the United States over the next 3-5 years –
due in part to constraints/limitations of the electric grid – and has become a speed-to-power
solution for hyperscalers signing long-term contracts for off-grid solutions. We expect off-grid
solutions to become increasingly attractive as rising power prices become a ballot issue and
grid interconnection issues push out large-scale power additions past 2030.
Oil price volatility is negative for upstream spending plans. Commodity price volatility – and
more specifically, oil price volatility – is, in our view, a long-term negative for upstream
spending by E&Ps/operators. We believe oil prices in the $75-95/bbl range is the ‘sweet spot’ for
the Energy Services sector, below which activity typically declines, and above which it tends to
increase in the near term but also incentivizes an equipment capacity build-out that ultimately
creates higher peaks and lower troughs in activity levels.
Winners and losers in a fragmented energy world 
Covid proved to the world the risk of global supply chains, which has since shifted
countries to become more self reliant and less dependent on the global economy... the
same thing is happening to oil markets. Similar to how the demand shock from Covid showed
the risk of an interconnected global supply chain that forced countries to rethink sources and
suppliers, we believe the supply shock of the Iran war will similarly force each country to
reconsider its energy supply.
Energy fragmentation should result in higher upstream spending. As each country
reassesses its energy supply, this will create a greater diversification of sources, which in turn
will result in higher upstream spending to build out those resources. We believe offshore in
particular should see a prolonged period of higher spending, not only because it is arguably the
barrel with the most security (low geopolitical risk, no transportation constraints) but is also the
lowest cost oil production with breakevens well below $50/bbl in deepwater. We expect energy-
independent countries like the US and those in the Middle East will add capacity to reinforce
these advantages, fuel their own economies, and increase exports. 
We expect the US will continue to be a long-term energy winner. Over the next 3-5 years, we
believe the energy-independent US will continue to be a winner and see stable-to-modestly-
increasing oil production (with potential upside from Venezuela flows, with that country’s heavy
oil now filling up US refineries) – though we note this could be partially offset by shale resources
now increasingly being constrained by Tier 1 acreage/inventory which continues to be
exhausted – and growing natural gas production driven by higher demand for US LNG.
Asia demand will become less dependent on the Middle East, likely shifting supply toward
offshore. Asian countries that are heavily reliant on the Middle East for oil will likely source
3 September 2026
51
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 52]
from elsewhere, and could even look to develop their own offshore resources. OPEC and the
Middle East could be forced to react/adjust and pour investment into establishing new
transportation routes that bypass the Strait of Hormuz.
AI, power demand, and the new electricity economy
AI and data centres are a structural, not cyclical, source of new electricity demand, and
the US is facing risk of inadequate supply. After two decades of essentially flat capacity
growth, the grid now faces simultaneous load from AI data centres, reshoring, and
electrification just as coal retirements accelerate. We estimate a supply/demand gap on the
order of 50 GW by 2028, as gas turbine deliveries, renewables, and storage fall well short of
what’s needed, based on current projections. The bottleneck to the AI trade is no longer chips,
it’s electrons: interconnection queues stretch into multi-year delays, firm capacity is scarce, and
large-scale grid additions get pushed past 2030. For utilities and power-linked sectors this
means sustained load growth, grid expansion, and heavy spending on gas generation,
transmission, and firm-capacity solutions. The key question for every sector is whether AI turns
power scarcity into an earnings stream or into a funding, affordability, and execution risk.
Projections of power scarcity are redrawing the Energy Services map. An industry long
defined by drilling and pressure pumping has pivoted hard toward power generation,
leveraging its heritage of providing on-site electricity to remote oil and gas operations. A
growing number of service companies now run power businesses, ordering gigawatts of
turbines and reciprocating engines to serve data centres, while capital has rotated out of the
hyperscalers themselves and into the hard assets that power them. This also reshapes the
energy and credit picture: more gas demand, more midstream and power-linked infrastructure
investment, and growing competition for capital between energy and digital infrastructure. The
discriminator for investors is contract quality, distinguishing operators with long-term
hyperscaler agreements and operating megawatts from those still marketing order books.
Distributed power has graduated from bridge to baseline. In roughly a year, medium-sized
turbines and reciprocating engines have gone from oilfield niche to a critical speed-to-power
solution, validated by hyperscalers signing contracts of ten years and longer for off-grid supply.
With large industrial turbines back-ordered into 2030, on-site generation delivers years faster
than a grid connection, and the regulatory backdrop is an accelerant rather than a headwind: as
electricity bills become a ballot issue,
state and federal policymakers are likely to increase efforts to ensure that large new loads
(especially AI/data centres) pay for their own power infrastructure and do not impose costs on
other ratepayers.
Demand-side debates have largely disappeared; the binding constraint is supply, with OEM
manufacturing capacity the industry’s biggest bottleneck. 
 
Geothermal is emerging as the clean firm-power answer to the medium-term gap. While
gas-fired distributed power fills the near-term void, geothermal offers dispatchable, zero-fuel
baseload with round-the-clock capacity factors that solar and wind can’t match, and it retains
rare bipartisan tax support. The step change is enhanced geothermal systems (EGS), which
apply the horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing playbook that unlocked shale to engineer
reservoirs almost anywhere with hot rock, removing the geographic constraint that kept the
technology niche. Fervo is the standard-bearer: leaning on the existing oilfield services supply
chain rather than a constrained OEM order book, it has binding PPAs and a multi-gigawatt
hyperscaler framework agreement in hand, with a cost trajectory from roughly $7,000/kW today
toward $3,000/kW at scale, competitive with new-build gas and well below nuclear. It’s not the
only game in town, with incumbents like Ormat and closed-loop designer Eavor Technologies
(private, not covered) also in the mix, but with nuclear likely a 2030s story at best, EGS is
arguably the best-positioned clean firm power source of the next decade.
3 September 2026
52
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 53]
The race for capital: financing and investment ideas
We don’t see a need for new capital to support services for traditional oil & gas, especially
as service companies have significantly reduced capex over the years. Following the
upstream spending trough in 2020/2021 immediately after COVID after which many companies
restructured their balance sheets, the Energy Services sector is lean, balance sheets are strong
and free cash flow is increasing. Additionally, capital discipline has brought down capex as a %
of revenue significantly (see Figure below) as companies prioritized returns over overbuilding
service capacity and equipment – a hallmark of the prior upcycle from 2010 to 2014 (which
continued through 2019). As a result, we don’t see a need for new capital to service traditional
oil & gas services/equipment.
FIGURE 66. SLB/HAL capex as % of revenue
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026E
Capex as % of 
Revenue
SLB
HAL
Source: Company Reports, Barclays Research
Where capital is most needed will be to support geothermal and distributed power. Where
new capital is needed in the coming years will be to support geothermal and distributed power,
two markets that traditional Energy Services companies have increasingly moved into. For
geothermal, companies like Fervo Energy will need funding to support projects front-loaded
with heavy construction capital (followed by decades of low cost O&M and generation). For
distributed power companies such as Solaris, Voltagrid (private, not covered), Liberty Energy
Services, ProPetro, and Atlas Energy (among others), financing will be needed to purchase
power-generation equipment (engines or turbines) as well as 'balance of plant' equipment to
provide a full turnkey solution for data centre developers. 
Investment recommendations (US Energy Services & Technology industry view:
Positive)
• Halliburton (HAL) - Overweight. HAL remains the most levered big four name to short-cycle
North American land and we think the setup into 2H26 is more constructive than consensus is
giving credit for. Layered on top is HAL's 20% ownership stake in VoltaGrid and the joint
distributed power partnership. We see HAL as the name in our coverage where the cyclical
trough is being priced in on the core business while the power optionality is increasingly
tangible but still under-monetized in the multiple. We are Overweight rated on HAL with a
price target of $53/share based on 9.0x 2027E EBITDA plus $5/sh attributed to HAL's power
business using current net debt.
• TechnipFMC (FTI) - Overweight. Despite a 4x increase in the stock over the past three years,
FTI still trades at a mid-cycle multiple from the prior deepwater cycle – in a far better subsea
industry and in a much better market position than back then. Orders are trending toward
3 September 2026
53
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 54]
$11bn in 2027E (from ~$10bn this year), Subsea margins toward 25%, with SURF 2.0 as the
next leg, and a quiet (but growing) Surface business. We are Overweight rated on FTI with a
price target of $87/share based on 12.0x 2028E EBITDA using current net debt. Our 12.0x
multiple is based on our belief that FTI will continue to re-rate as the cycle gains momentum.
• Solaris (SEI) - Overweight. After recently announcing a 600MW contract (its third long-term
contract with a hyperscaler), SEI now has 2GW+ signed under long-term contracts and
indicated that opportunities going forward will be "more streamlined" with a framework/
processes in place to sign up a 4th/5th customer at a faster pace. As distributed power
demand continues to increase through the end of the decade, we view Solaris as being best
positioned to take advantage. We are Overweight rated on SEI with a price target of $90/share
based on a sum-of-the-parts analysis, applying 11.0x to 2028E Power Solutions EBITDA and
5.0x to 2026E Logistics Solutions EBITDA, using 4Q29 net debt to reflect the capex burden of
the pro forma fleet. 
•  NOV Inc. (NOV) - Underweight. It's hard for us to make the relative case for NOV against the
rest of our coverage. NOV has executed well on the self help side – >85% FCF conversion for
two consecutive years, $876mn of FCF in 2025, and a strong balance sheet that gives CEO
Jose Bayardo room to play offense – but the underlying earnings power remains capped by
the late cycle nature of the business... and while we think the cycle will ultimately turn, it's
still early. The 2026 EBITDA guide of in-line to slightly lower y/y with a back-half-loaded shape
and book-to-bill near 1.0x, underscores that the structural reset is largely priced in while the
cyclical lift remains a 2027 story at the earliest, in our view. Against WFRD, SLB, and now HAL
– each of which offer either superior international leverage, a clearer NAM inflection, or a
power optionality – we struggle to find the case to own NOV here. We are Underweight rated
on NOV  with a price target of $20/share  based on 7.5x 2027E EBITDA, with a negative
adjustment of $57mn reflecting our estimate of EBITDA from drillbit patent leaching related
royalties, and using current net debt.
Oil services - Europe Equity views
Mick Pickup Barclays, UK
European Energy Services have seen a renaissance since 2025, outperforming the wider
sector by over 10% since the April 2025 lows (EMEAOGP vs EMEAOG). The drivers have
been three-fold – increased demand expectations comprising AI and the evolving energy
landscape; increased expectations of conventional resources; and more importantly, the
flattening of US shale expectations. Simply put, as Europe seeks a greater diversification
of its energy supply by both geography and source, European Energy Services will become
a key enabler, serving as a principal conduit through which conventional, unconventional
and renewables are delivered to market. The set-up, in our view, is akin to the mid-2000s.
A race for resources falls into the sweet spot for the sector, and while demand estimates
can be debated, the gap that needs to be filled by activity from the oil services sector has
grown. More importantly, the asset base of the service sector has shrunk over the last
decade as conventional activity receded from focus. Consequently, the evolving energy
equation is now clear to us. The Services sector is increasingly expected to do more with
less, driving greater visibility and alignment with clients and, in turn, redefining the
operator- contractor relationship.
Inverse Goldilocks scenario: – The three bulls driving the European sector
1. Demand estimates are higher
As discussed earlier in the note, we see energy demand growing across numerous vectors.
These include more hydrocarbons than were once envisioned to be a part of the energy mix, as
3 September 2026
54
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 55]
the physical limitations of transition hit home. We have long argued that transition is a multi-
faceted beast, with the simple premise being "electrify all that can be electrified and generate
the rest as cleanly as possible". This is not new, the hydrocarbon industry has consistently
improved over time, removing lead from fuels, then sulphur, and over recent years the focus has
been the carbon embedded in the molecules themselves. In that context, our message has
mirrored that from the major national producers – there is an “All of the Above”  requirement for
energy with the overriding message of “And not Or “ (See On the Road in the Middle East –
licence to drill 8 Nov 22). Transition, in our view,  has always been a journey not an end point, as
we put it – a verb, not a noun or a dial, not a switch (see Middle East trip - what we learned on
the ground 22 Nov 21) (see A dial not a switch 30 Oct 23). AI and Energy Security have arguably
just crystallised a physical reality. Energy remains, by definition, the ability to do work and GDP
is arguably the sum of the output of all work. The Energy Service sector makes the
infrastructure that produces energy and facilitates GDP growth.
2. Decline rate estimates have grown
Conventional reservoirs produce up to a plateau level and then go into decline as they age and
pressures begin to drop. These vary by country, with mature basins such as the UK running in
excess of 10% and other areas, such as Canada, typically offering low decline long life assets.
This, in our view, was the big change in the mid-2000s. Decline rates became an issue and we
think they were largely ignored since 2014, as excess OPEC spare capacity, shale’s boom and
efficiency upgrades moderated their influence. However, this all changed in 2025. The impact
was first highlighted by Halliburton in its 2Q call, when it stated that the “decline curve is still
working.” Then in September 2025, the International Energy Agency (IEA) published its first
major update on decline rates in a decade in its The Implications of Oil and Gas field decline
rates publication. It noted that it believed that the decline rate for conventional oil had moved
up to 5.6% per annum, with gas hitting 6.8% for field post peak. This is a significant move up
from the typical 3-4% figure quoted in the 2000s. It noted that 90% of all capex spent since 2019
has been to maintain existing production, and that if all capex were to stop overnight,
production would fall by 8% per year on average. The analysis suggested that the fall would
total 5.5mn b/d of oil and 270 bcm annually, equivalent to the combined oil production of
Norway and Brazil and the whole of Africa’s gas production. This is up from 3.9 mn b/d and
180bcm a year in 2010. In essence, the oil sector is running faster to stand still, already making
the Service sector more important, in our view, ahead of the AI demand increase (see
Implications of rising decline rates 28 Sep 25). 
Mind the gap: The combination of higher demand estimates and increasing decline rates has
one clear consequence – more new volumes are required to fill the gap. This will require more
exploration, which we have started to see, and more work on the existing base load. Exxon
highlighted the dilemma in its Energy Outlook 2025, where it estimated oil production to
naturally decline at a rate of about 15% p.a, even higher than the IEA estimate. With no new
investment, it estimated global oil production to drop from 100mb/d currently to 30mb/d by
2030, a 14mb/d decrease p.a. to 2030, while the IEA has an estimated decline of 5.5mb/d p.a. on
average to 2035 (although this is on a slightly different basis).
3 September 2026
55
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 56]
FIGURE 67. ExxonMobil global supply and demand forecasts, in mboe/d
0
50
100
150
200
2010
2020
2030
2040
2050
mboe/d
New resources and projects needed
Investment in existing fields
Supply with no investment
Source: Exxon Global Outlook 2025, Barclays Research
3. Back to the old stomping grounds
2016-25 saw a major shift in the hydrocarbon landscape. Prior to that, the predominant source
of incremental molecules was emerging frontier countries, often in deep waters.  In 2000,
conventional oil accounted for ~97% of total oil output globally, however, by 2024, with the
advent of US shale, it had dropped to 77%. Shale also made up 30% of all gas production. It was
a decade where incremental demands were largely met by US shale. Indeed, over 2016-25, US
shale accounted for 100% of all incremental barrels and 54% of all incremental gas supply. In
this environment, the European Energy Services sector largely became irrelevant to global
investors, as conventional energy, its key end market, was widely perceived to be in decline.
This changed in 2025. The US rig count fell by 7.5% over the year with productivity only now
approaching 2020 highs. This is compounded with questions over the quality of the remaining
shale resources versus those which have already been produced.
FIGURE 68. Rig count vs Well productivity
0
1000
2000
3000
4000
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
BOE per Rig
Rig count #
US O&G Rig Count
US O&G Rig productivity
Source: EIA, Baker Hughes, Barclays research
3 September 2026
56
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 57]
FIGURE 69. Incremental Oil production since 2016
FIGURE 70. Incremental Gas production since 2016
-10.0
-7.5
-5.0
-2.5
0.0
2.5
5.0
7.5
10.0
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
mboe
US Oil
RoW Oil
0.0
2.0
4.0
6.0
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
mboe
US Gas
RoW Gas
Source: EI Stats Review, Barclays research
Source: EI Stats Review, Barclays research
FIGURE 71. US Oil production growth
FIGURE 72. US Gas production growth
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026F
-4%
0%
4%
8%
12%
16%
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026F
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays research
The net result is that, whilst the US is still growing, its rate of increase has slowed dramatically.
It appears as if the era when the US was the foundation of the global supply bridge is over. As a
result, we believe the industry has started to move back to the regions it had relied upon for the
period running up to 2014. Shale was a major issue, for European Energy Services, but its
impact is arguably now over as it has become part of the baseload, rather than the growth
engine.
AI and Energy security: The new demands of AI and energy security, in our view, intensify a
shift in energy that was already ongoing. Yes, there is an argument that the US may need more
domestic production as it takes an early role in AI, but the need for AI is global. Every country, in
our view, will want to have its own AI infrastructure as part of its national security. This comes
with global energy needs and will, in our opinion, mean more natural gas in the form of LNG. We
also add that while the focus on energy security has gravitated to oil and gas tankers exiting the
Strait of Hormuz, it should not be forgotten that petrochemicals and fertilisers compete for the
energy stored in the molecules of hydrocarbons, making up 12% of oil demand and ca. 20% of
gas demand. These are also critical components of modern life and agriculture and have seen
major disruption and will likely lead to countries debating whether to add their own production
capacity. These, in our view, should lead to further demand for the Energy Service names.
3 September 2026
57
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 58]
Back to the future: An argument that can be made is that AI and energy security accelerate a
transition in energy that was already underway, taking it back to where it came from. For a
significant period of time, the energy market was based on building the biggest, most efficient
processing unit on a coastline, then taking supply from the global market. As a result, countries
had refineries and petrochemical plants, and took feedstock from around the world. This
arguably changed in the 2000s when the Middle East launched a series of major world scale
processing facilities, dis-intermediating the refineries in regions like Europe, but the model was
very much a hub-and-spoke approach to energy, with the Middle East firmly at the hub.
Transition changed this, with the sources of energy becoming much more distributed. The UK,
for example, in 2000 had ca 70 thermal power plants, which has fallen to ca 50. In the same
period, the number of wind turbines (individual generators) has grown to over 12,000 from ca
1,000. As such, the number of generating sites has exploded, with distance to market key and
the system becoming distributed. For other transition fuels, such as biofuels, this is even more
the case. Distance to feedstock and market are key determinants of economic viability.
Transition systems are very much, in our view, a distributed nodal system. Arguably this is now
once again the case of hydrocarbons, with countries looking to secure their own domestic
production and stock piles. This means an even greater push for geographic diversity than what
was already driving the sector.
The industry is already busy – it's now about longevity: The increasing optimistic outlook,
that we see for the sector, comes alongside a Services industry that has also embraced the
capital discipline mantra over recent years. New assets are few and far between. We have seen
the first signs of M&A, with TGS and PGS combining and Subsea 7 and Saipem proposing a
combination — both looking for efficiencies. This paints a picture of a prolonged cycle. The
boom-and-bust of the past has gone, in our view, with little appetite to fund speculative
equipment in the industry. Instead, a longer plateau is therefore likely in our view. Our analogy
is that it is demand that ultimately kills the cycle, but new capacity that makes it ill beforehand.
This time the industry is healthy, albeit ageing, and supportive conditions towards the end of
the decade promise longevity of business. This comes with backlogs already at or near record
highs.
FIGURE 73. Onshore backlog, in years
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
Mar-09
Sep-09
Mar-10
Sep-10
Mar-11
Sep-11
Mar-12
Sep-12
Mar-13
Sep-13
Mar-14
Sep-14
Mar-15
Sep-15
Mar-16
Sep-16
Mar-17
Sep-17
Mar-18
Sep-18
Mar-19
Sep-19
Mar-20
Sep-20
Mar-21
Sep-21
Mar-22
Sep-22
Mar-23
Sep-23
Mar-24
Sep-24
Mar-25
Sep-25
Mar-26
Years
Source: Company data, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
58
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 59]
FIGURE 74. Offshore backlog, in years
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
Mar-09
Sep-09
Mar-10
Sep-10
Mar-11
Sep-11
Mar-12
Sep-12
Mar-13
Sep-13
Mar-14
Sep-14
Mar-15
Sep-15
Mar-16
Sep-16
Mar-17
Sep-17
Mar-18
Sep-18
Mar-19
Sep-19
Mar-20
Sep-20
Mar-21
Sep-21
Mar-22
Sep-22
Mar-23
Sep-23
Mar-24
Sep-24
Mar-25
Sep-25
Mar-26
Years
Source: Company data, Barclays Research
This optimistic picture that we see, in part augmented by AI power demand and Energy
Security, flies in the face of current multiples, despite the sector performance. Our PE-based
framework is that Energy Services stocks typically trade at c.10x earnings at the point in the
forecast horizon where investors begin to perceive uncertainty, with that point moving further
out as backlog duration, bidding momentum and confidence in the cycle improve. As the
market gains conviction that the upcycle is durable, investors are prepared to capitalise
earnings further into the future at a c.10x multiple. Across our coverage, the stocks are currently
trading on average at c.15x/12x/10x 2026F/2027F/2028F PE, respectively. We are assuming the
sector rolls forward at the similar multiple next year and thus are using 15x 2027F PE as a base
case for valuation for the sector. This reflects the market is assigning benefit to improved
earnings longevity, but there remains further scope for continued cycle visibility with backlog
conversions, pricing discipline and Middle East/offshore activity and a new energy supply
paradigm taking shape. 
Our preferred investment themes in the current environment — further reinforced by AI-led
power demand and energy-security priorities — remain exploration, offshore and the Middle
East, with expansion post conflict a likely outcome.
Within our coverage, we see Tecnicas Reunidas as well positioned for backlog momentum from
Middle East resolution, continued margin progression and opportunity around US power, with it
recently securing its first North American AI power driven contract; Technip Energies as
supported by recent LNG awards and a record backlog that underpins 2027 visibility; TGS as a
beneficiary of a frontier exploration rebound, with scope for further deleveraging and
potentially enhanced shareholder returns; and OCTG names Tenaris and Vallourec as
increasingly well placed into 2027, helped by improving US pricing, deepwater activity and a
resurgent Middle East cycle. They will also benefit from the repair and developing geothermal
market which require their products.
3 September 2026
59
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 60]
FIGURE 75. U.S. accounted for nearly 80% of global oil and NGL supply
growth...
FIGURE 76. ...and over 50% of the LNG growth since 2010 and nearly
100% of the increase since 2020 
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
MMBbld
Global Total Liquids Supply Growth since 2010
US
Rest of the World
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Bcm
Global LNG Export Growth since 2010
US
Rest of the World
Source: Energy Institute
Source: Energy Institute
Oil and Gas  - US & Europe Equity views
Theresa Chen, CFA BCI, US  |  Lydia Rainforth, CFA Barclays, UK  |  Betty Jiang BCI, US
US Integrateds and E&Ps
Why our sector matters
From growth engine to strategic asset
The most important development in global energy over the past 15 years was not the rise of
renewables or the emergence of LNG as a global commodity. It was the shale revolution. The
U.S. went from one of the world's largest energy importers to the world's largest producer of oil
and natural gas, accounting for the vast majority of global oil, natural gas, and NGL supply
growth since 2010. That growth fundamentally reshaped global energy markets, lowered energy
costs, reduced OPEC's influence, enabled the development of a global LNG market, and
provided the feedstock foundation for a renaissance in U.S. petrochemicals and manufacturing.
Investors, however, experienced the opposite outcome. An industry fueled by abundant
resources and cheap post-GFC capital pursued growth at all costs, destroying value even as it
transformed the global energy system. As a result, markets became conditioned to view U.S.
Upstream as an industry capable of delivering seemingly unlimited growth whenever prices
rose.
The problem is that this assumption increasingly no longer holds. The same shale resource base
that delivered an unprecedented growth cycle is maturing. Inventory quality is becoming more
heterogeneous, resource replacement has re-emerged as a strategic concern, and the sector's
ability to rapidly deliver multi-million-barrel-per-day production growth is materially lower than
it was a decade ago. In many respects, the largest change facing global energy markets is not
what the U.S. will do next, but what it is unlikely to repeat: another decade of unconstrained
supply growth that consistently bailed out the rest of the world.
The implications are profound. A mature U.S. shale sector does not imply declining production,
but it does imply greater scarcity value for future growth, higher strategic importance for secure
molecules, and increasing competition for access to long-duration resources. We believe
investors continue to underappreciate this shift.
3 September 2026
60
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 61]
FIGURE 77. U.S. gas market is seeing structural growth from dual drivers of LNG export and AI/Power
Source: Barclays Research
Demand for "secure" molecules is compounding the investment case for US
Energy
The growing call on U.S. resources to balance global markets is reframing the investment case
for U.S. Upstream. The same abundance that once depressed returns has become a strategic
asset in a world increasingly focused on energy security, supply chain resiliency, and access to
dependable sources of energy.
The clearest example is LNG. U.S. LNG buildout represents a structural, contracted call on U.S.
natural gas that fundamentally changes the value proposition for the producers behind it. For
more than a decade, U.S. gas was a market where abundance capped returns. The emergence of
LNG increasingly inverts that relationship, as secure molecule abundance becomes a
characteristic the market is willing to pay for. Henry Hub is becoming structurally more
connected to premium global pricing benchmarks such as TTF, NBP, and JKM, while
international buyers and global IOCs race to secure feedgas exposure through upstream
positions in regions such as the Haynesville and Permian. What was once viewed as oversupply
is increasingly being recognized as strategic supply.
The same dynamic extends beyond LNG. Debate continues regarding the ultimate role of
natural gas in supporting AI and data centre growth, but the notion that gas will remain
essential due to its ability to provide reliable 24/7 power generation has largely become
consensus. With a substantial portion of global hyperscale and data-centre investment
concentrated in the U.S., the AI theme further reinforces the call on U.S. natural gas and the
strategic value of the resource base supporting it.
Critically, the U.S. role extends beyond simply producing hydrocarbons. The combination of
resource depth, infrastructure, technical expertise, capital availability, and project execution
capability has created the world's most important energy ecosystem. The same capabilities that
unlocked the shale revolution are now being deployed across LNG, petrochemicals, power
infrastructure, carbon capture, lower-carbon fuels, and broader energy-transition initiatives.
Regardless of where one stands on the transition debate, the world continues to require more
energy, and the U.S. remains uniquely positioned to provide it.
3 September 2026
61
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 62]
FIGURE 78. Energy sector is an enabler of solutions no matter the direction for the global energy system
Source: Barclays Research
U.S. upstream is one of the only major supply bases not constrained by a
chokepoint
In a world where OPEC+ spare capacity was effectively challenged overnight during ongoing
Strait of Hormuz disruptions, the strategic importance of U.S. energy became undeniable.
Despite years of criticism directed toward the hydrocarbon sector, U.S. energy production has
repeatedly demonstrated its ability to stabilize global markets during periods of heightened
uncertainty.
The U.S. remains one of the few large-scale supply bases capable of responding to changing
global demand without relying on a single geopolitical chokepoint. Whether through ~13.9
MMBbld of crude production or ~26.9 Bcfd of natural gas exports, U.S. energy production has
become a cornerstone of global energy security. While concerns surrounding shale maturity are
increasingly valid, the strategic value of remaining resource depth only increases in a world
where alternative sources of growth are becoming harder to find.
Robust financial health further strengthens the investment case
The investment case is further strengthened by the healthiest balance sheets in the sector's
history. Following years of capital discipline, most U.S. Integrateds and E&Ps now operate with
sub-1x leverage, substantial free cash flow generation, and shareholder return frameworks that
often distribute 50-100% of FCF through dividends and buybacks.
Yet despite stronger business models, increasing calls on U.S. molecules, and growing
competition for resource access, sector valuations remain relatively compressed. In our view,
the market continues to underestimate both the scarcity value of future U.S. production growth
and the sector's strategic importance in an increasingly security-focused energy landscape.
The irony is that shale may be more valuable as it matures than it was during its peak growth
phase. Investors are being offered exposure to a sector with improving scarcity, stronger capital
discipline, increasing strategic relevance, and some of the strongest balance sheets in the
market. That combination makes the investment case for U.S. Upstream more compelling than
it has been in years.
3 September 2026
62
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 63]
FIGURE 79. US Majors and E&Ps can return ~22% of their current market cap over 2026-2028 at strip prices
Source: Barclays Research
Capital discipline is being reinforced by volatility
Shale capital discipline remains intact, but growing volatility and the potential for higher mid-
cycle prices are creating increasingly difficult trade-offs. The energy sector faces an unusually
wide range of potential outcomes tied to geopolitics, energy security, trade flows,
decarbonization policy, and technological change. While energy security concerns could
ultimately support higher commodity prices, the pathway remains uncertain. In that
environment, management teams are understandably reluctant to make large, long-duration
capital commitments. The result is an industry that remains biased toward flexibility, balance-
sheet strength, and shareholder returns rather than broad-based production growth.
This stands in stark contrast to prior cycles, where higher commodity prices often translated
almost mechanically into accelerating capital spending. Today, even against a backdrop of
depleted global inventories, ongoing geopolitical conflict, and a growing call on U.S. molecules,
the industry remains cautious. While some operators may argue they can simultaneously grow
production and sustain attractive shareholder returns in a higher-price environment, we believe
resource duration concerns will ultimately dominate decision making. Indeed, only a handful of
companies with sufficient resource depth appear to have the "license to grow," and even then
growth is generally expected to remain in the low-to-mid single-digit range. For most,
preserving high-quality inventory and maintaining long-term optionality increasingly appear
more valuable than maximizing near-term production growth.
Upstream companies are also learning to embrace the increasing volatility. One of the more
notable developments in recent years has been the growing integration of U.S. Upstream
companies across the value chain. This trend is particularly pronounced in natural gas, where
producers are seeking greater exposure to the downstream margins created by LNG exports,
transportation, storage, power demand growth, and marketing optimization. Rather than
remaining pure commodity producers, companies are increasingly extending their reach into
midstream infrastructure, LNG offtake arrangements, trading and marketing platforms, and
end-market relationships in an effort to capture value across a broader portion of the
molecule's journey.
In our view, this represents the next evolution of the U.S. Upstream business model. If the first
phase of shale was production growth and the second phase was capital discipline, the
emerging third phase may be commercial optimization. As commodity markets become more
volatile and end-market demand becomes more strategic, companies with the ability to secure
premium market access, monetize volatility, and extract value across the value chain are likely
to enjoy an increasing competitive advantage. 
3 September 2026
63
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 64]
FIGURE 80. Majors & E&Ps have structurally changed their capital allocation priorities 
Source: Barclays Research
Energy security & capital allocation shifts
From return of capital to securing molecules
The return of history and concurrent geopolitical upheavals has thrust energy security and
resource access back into the limelight. Since the COVID-19 pandemic, the U.S. Integrated Oil
& E&P landscape’s capital allocation priorities shifted to prioritize capital returns over growth,
with corporates racing to strengthen balance sheets and adopt robust, formulaic shareholder
return frameworks to the tune of 50-100% of FCF. Return of capital over return on capital had
become the name of the game. Investors swiftly punished companies perceived as swaying
from capital discipline and rewarded those that channelled marginal dollars into capital
returns. While capital discipline priorities remain intact, the emerging energy security dilemma
is redefining respective corporate strategies.
Growing call on US molecules and companies is introducing some diversification in
upstream spending. The market is once more beginning to reward molecule optionality and
resource access for Integrated Majors such as CVX and XOM, while inventory depth becomes an
even greater focal point across the U.S. shale landscape. Resource access concerns associated
with geopolitical upheavals are compounded by the maturation of the U.S. shale industry and a
decade+ of global underinvestment in long-cycle, capital intensive Upstream oil & gas projects
as companies shifted capital from hydrocarbon investments to shareholder returns, de-
leveraging and transition-focused initiatives.
Resource-rich host governments are increasingly seeking U.S. partners
The clearest evidence that energy security has moved back to the top of the agenda is
geographic. Resource-rich countries are increasingly turning to U.S. operators for capital,
technical expertise, and project execution, creating opportunities that were largely unavailable
a decade ago. Improved fiscal frameworks and geopolitical alignment are encouraging
operators to revisit regions that had previously fallen out of favor.
• Iraq is perhaps the most notable example. COP's acquisition of a 42% stake in BP's Kirkuk
entity provides exposure to ~3 Bboe of gross recoverable resources through redevelopment
of Kirkuk, Bai, Hassan, Jambur, and Khabbaz. CVX has simultaneously expanded its footprint
through agreements covering Nasiriyah, Balad, multiple exploration blocks, and a recent
exclusive negotiation period for West Qurna-2, while also participating in efforts to revive a
cross-border export pipeline to Syria. The breadth of activity suggests Iraq is actively courting
U.S. operators as strategic partners for both resource development and export expansion.
XOM has similarly re-engaged with the country, signing a Heads of Agreement to develop the
Majnoon field and improve recovery rates at other Iraqi assets just a few years after exiting
West Qurna. 
3 September 2026
64
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 65]
• The same dynamic is playing out elsewhere. EOG's UAE and Bahrain positions reflect host
governments' willingness to import U.S. shale expertise to unconventional resource
development. Management has become increasingly constructive on the UAE opportunity,
describing its 900,000-acre unconventional concession as a potential long-term growth
platform analogous to the Eagle Ford.
• Meanwhile, Venezuela is once again attracting industry attention following regulatory
changes. CVX has the greatest leverage to the reopening, with production already increasing
materially under its self-funded development program, while both XOM and COP continue to
evaluate longer-term opportunities. The resource potential remains substantial, although
contract durability, fiscal terms, and political stability will ultimately determine whether the
opportunity can attract long-term capital. 
More broadly, the willingness of operators to revisit countries such as Iraq, Venezuela, and even
Libya underscores how energy security concerns are reshaping the relationship between IOCs
and host governments. Countries are increasingly competing for U.S. capital and expertise,
while operators are broadening their opportunity sets beyond mature North American resource
plays.
Frontier exploration is returning
Alongside improving access to international resources, the industry is also showing a renewed
willingness to spend on exploration. After a decade in which exploration budgets were
systematically reduced in favor of short-cycle shale development, management teams
increasingly view exploration as a necessary component of long-term inventory replacement.
Investors are beginning to focus less on near-term production growth and more on the quality
of companies' 2030+ resource pipeline. As a result, exploration spending is rising from
historically depressed levels, and management teams are becoming more willing to publicly
defend exploration capital. CVX's commentary around strengthening its exploration capabilities
following the HES acquisition is one indication of this shift. The renewed activity across
Namibia's Orange Basin, the Eastern Mediterranean, offshore West Africa, and other frontier
basins highlights a broader industry realization that future resource growth cannot rely
exclusively on existing shale inventories.
Among U.S. E&Ps, MUR's Vietnam and Côte d'Ivoire programs represent some of the high-
impact exploration stories. Investors are increasingly focused on the Hai Su Vang appraisal
program in Vietnam, alongside follow-up activity after recent success offshore Côte d'Ivoire.
Similarly, APA's Suriname portfolio remains a key source of longer-term upside, with investors
focused on extending the opportunity set beyond GranMorgu and the timing of future
exploration wells. 
Resource renewal is becoming the domestic response to shale maturation
While international opportunities and frontier exploration are receiving greater attention,
resource renewal remains the dominant theme across U.S. shale. As the sector grapples with
maturing inventories and a growing call on U.S. molecules, operators are increasingly focused
on extending inventory life through both organic and inorganic means.
The approaches vary by company. FANG continues to focus on adding prospective development
zones, including opportunities such as the Barnett within the Midland Basin. EOG has pursued
resource expansion through both acquisition and international diversification, including Encino
Resources and opportunities across Bahrain and the UAE. APA has discussed the potential to
materially expand its economic inventory base, while OXY continues to pursue resource-
extension opportunities through international ventures, enhanced recovery programs, and
unconventional EOR initiatives. 
3 September 2026
65
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 66]
Resource renewal is also occurring through new domestic plays and basin extensions. Alaska
has emerged as a growing area of focus for APA following its acreage acquisition around existing
infrastructure, where the company has already made discoveries and plans additional drilling
activity. The Powder River Basin, secondary benches, enhanced recovery technologies, and
unconventional EOR are all increasingly viewed as ways to expand recoverable inventory
without relying solely on acquisitions. 
Winners and losers in a fragmented energy world 
Well-capitalized companies with differentiated resource duration and technical expertise
are poised to outperform. In an increasingly resource-scarce world, well-capitalized
companies with differentiated resource duration and project execution capabilities are more
likely to see the market recognize their respective value propositions. Among Integrateds, we
favor XOM for its robust 2030+ resource access and major project portfolio that is poised to
deliver outsized FCF well into the 2030s, its unmatched technical and project execution capacity
and novel emerging business segments. The Guyana success story serves as a prominent
example of XOM’s ability to deliver.
Among oil-weighted E&Ps, we favor COP for its combination of low-cost resource depth, capital
discipline and one of the clearest free cash flow growth profiles in the sector. As major projects
come online and spending rolls off, COP's free cash flow breakeven is expected to fall from the
mid-$40s/Bbl WTI today to the low-$30s/Bbl by the end of the decade, among the lowest in the
sector. At the same time, we believe a combination of LNG start-ups, Willow and ongoing cost
optimization should drive a meaningful step-up in free cash flow, even in a flat commodity price
environment. Recent international moves such as Iraq provide exposure to large-scale resource
opportunities without materially increasing corporate capital. 
We also prefer OXY, which combines one of the most attractive Permian positions in the sector
with differentiated exposure to enhanced oil recovery. We believe the market remains under-
appreciative of OXY's improving capital efficiency, strengthening balance sheet and growing
international optionality. The company's long-standing presence in Oman and the UAE
positions it well to benefit as Middle Eastern producers increasingly seek technically capable
partners to expand resource development and improve recovery rates. 
Within gas-weighted names, we favor EQT given its scale, integrated Appalachian footprint,
long-duration inventory, margin expansion, and growing portfolio of demand-driven
commercial opportunities. As the Northeast demand thesis continues to develop, we believe
EQT is increasingly separating itself from peers through its ability to secure differentiated supply
agreements and leverage its integrated upstream, midstream and marketing platform. This
should allow EQT to grow FCF per share through modest and sustainable top-line production
growth and buyback. 
We are more cautious on CNX. While management has consistently demonstrated strong
operational execution and capital discipline, the company has the shortest resource runway
among the larger gas-weighted E&Ps in our coverage. As development increasingly migrates
toward the Utica, investor focus is likely to shift toward the basin's higher-cost and higher-risk
profile. While CNX's technology initiatives and ancillary businesses provide support, we believe
differentiated resource depth and inventory quality will become increasingly important
differentiators as investors look further into the next decade
North America Midstream and Refining 
Why our sector matters
As global energy demand continues to scale, midstream operators provide the
infrastructure necessary to unlock production growth upstream. By investing in gathering,
3 September 2026
66
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 67]
processing, transportation, and storage assets, midstream enables producers to access
premium markets, improve realizations, and bring incremental supply online that might
otherwise remain constrained.
We think developments in the Middle East and broader geopolitical turbulence have structurally
augmented the value of US energy infrastructure assets, and especially export infrastructure,
which remain free from the threat of potential bombardment and/or geographical
restriction. Whether or not the Iran conflict and resulting disruptions to the Strait of Hormuz
normalize over the near term, we expect the geopolitical risk premium to endure, highlighting
the enhanced reliability of US energy supply. 
If crude prices eventually settle higher, we think a potential uptick in US onshore production
could further strengthen the growth outlook across our midstream coverage, driving
incremental demand for infrastructure assets across energy value chains. From Permian NGL
infrastructure, to residue egress, to long-haul crude transportation, we would expect most (if
not all) of our midstream operators to benefit from recontracting tailwinds on existing assets as
well as opportunities for additional expansions.
Energy security and the return of capital
Midstream companies continue to lean into organic growth. Against a constructive backdrop
for North American energy infrastructure, midstream operators by and large are prioritizing
growth capex spend, complementing returning cash to shareholders via dividend growth and
share repurchases to a lesser extent. This is true across commodity value chains.
Gas infrastructure incumbents, for example, continue to commercialize and construct
transmission expansions at rapid pace in response to structural demand growth for gas-to-
power and LNG feedgas. Meanwhile, NGL-focused operators continue to make large-scale
investments in Permian NGL infrastructure to accommodate liquids-rich domestic production
growth within the basin.
Accordingly, we expect 2026-28 to represent peak years for growth capex for many of our
midstream names. Whether capital spend inflects lower beyond this time-frame will largely
depend on the producer backdrop. If production ultimately steps higher amid the emergent call
on US energy products, we think the incremental bid for energy infrastructure could result in
elevated growth capex spend through the end of the decade (and potentially beyond). 
While Cheniere continues to deploy capital toward growth projects underway, as well as
opportunities advancing toward FID (SPL Expansion Phase 1), the company remains one of the
only names within our midstream coverage able to execute on significant share repurchases,
due to its highly contracted business model and robust cash flow generation.
Returning cash to shareholders remains paramount for refiners. We anticipate refiners in
our coverage will continue to return cash to shareholders in line with their respective capital
return commitments. While we expect little change to these capital allocation frameworks, we
believe outsized margins as a result of volatility will likely continue to lead to excess free cash,
at least in the near term. Within our coverage, VLO has been the most judicious and consistent
in returning capital, and we note the company has no major growth capex plans at this point. 
Of note on the capital allocation front, within our coverage PSX and MPC (via MPLX) stand out
as refiners investing significant capital into midstream growth. We anticipate PSX will continue
building out its Permian NGL value chain, having FID'd a new Permian processing plant and
fractionator during 2Q. PSX has said publicly it plans to add a Permian processing plant
approximately every year. For its part, we expect MPLX will continue investing in its core areas
3 September 2026
67
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 68]
of operation in the Permian and Northeast as it continues to execute on a sizable project
backlog. 
Volatility, energy security, and the effect on our sector
Within midstream, we think the macro backdrop remains most important for our NGL-
leveraged operators. Despite limited direct commodity price exposure across midstream in
general, recent and ongoing upside volatility in crude prices have underscored the significant
liquids torque among our NGL-leveraged names (EPD, ET, KNTK, PSX, TRGP), and especially
those with positioning on second-tier and/or relatively fringy acreage where producers are more
price sensitive (KNTK).
As elevated crude prices support expectations for an eventual uptick in US onshore production,
these names stand out as meaningful beneficiaries of incremental volume growth, which will
bolster demand for assets up and down the NGL value chain (and beyond). Whether production
ultimately steps higher will be critical to offsetting a number of known headwinds set to impact
the company over the next few years. 
Separately, we continue to view SUN as well positioned amid ongoing commodity and
geopolitical volatility. The partnership's Fuel Distribution segment benefits from its ability to
optimize supply and product flows across a broad network, while Burnaby provides
incremental exposure to attractive West Coast refining economics.
For refiners, limited refined product supply as a result of the ongoing volatility has
bolstered margins in the space. We think the current set-up will be relatively durable, given
significant Middle Eastern refining capacity currently offline, Russia banning diesel exports in
response to ongoing Ukrainian strikes on refining infrastructure, as well as currently limited
global inventories. This constructive macro outlook is reflected in the stock prices among the
group, which have continued to climb higher. 
The key risk to margins at this point would be a durable peace, re-opening of the Strait, and a
faster-than-anticipated return to normalcy on the supply front. More near term, we continue to
monitor the pace at which China as well as other North Asian countries resume incremental
refined product exports, which could begin to loosen an otherwise tight global S/D balance.
Though our covered refiners are still observing resilient demand, we continue to watch for early
signs of demand softness, owing to elevated prices at the pump, where we find little hope for
relief, given the current macro set up. Read more here.
Winners and losers in a fragmented energy World 
Growing demand for US energy export infrastructure. Supply disruptions catalyzed by the
Iran war have augmented the value of US Gulf Coast energy export infrastructure in general,
which remains unencumbered by the conflict at large. We expect global demand for US
NGLs, LNG, and refined product exports to remain structurally higher going forward, giving rise
to contracting tailwinds and incremental expansion opportunities for our midstream operators
with exposure to these assets.
Recent demand growth for US NGL exports among Asian and European buyers will likely
remain sticky. As international markets have turned to the USGC to offset lost NGL supply from
the Middle East, our covered NGL exporters (EPD, ET, PSX, TRGP) have noted that Asian and
European buyers are seeking to extend existing contracts and shift from spot purchases to term
agreements where possible. ET, for example, recently extended the vast majority of its ethane
export agreements out of Nederland into 2041, adding 10 years to current contracts. The
partnership has also highlighted the potential to extend LPG export contracts well into the
2030s. 
3 September 2026
68
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 69]
FIGURE 81. US LPG exports by origin installation 
FIGURE 82. US LPG exports by destination country
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
kbpd
EPD Houston
ET Nederland
Targa
P66 Freeport
ET Marcus Hook
Other
0
500
1,000
1,500
2,000
2,500
3,000
kbpd
South Korea
Japan
China
Mexico
Indonesia
Other
Source: Barclays Research, Kpler
Source: Barclays Research, Kpler
Meanwhile, at EPD's Morgan's Point export facility, multiple customers that previously
purchased ethylene on a spot basis have migrated to term contracts, driven by the economic
competitiveness of US ethylene as a secondary feedstock for European petchem facilities. To
this point, it is worth reiterating that elevated naphtha prices coupled with disruptions to
Middle East feedstocks are forcing international petchem operators to lean more heavily into US
ethane and ethylene exports to feed their crackers. Given its exposure to petchem, we view EPD
as a notable beneficiary of this shift.
To accommodate higher NGL export demand, midstream operators have provided visibility
toward incremental export capacity expansions, including MPLX's JV Texas City LPG export
dock (400 kbpd; ISD 2028). TRGP has also discussed the potential for further expansions to its
own LPG export capacity, which will reach 19-20 mmbbls/month by 3Q27 (vs. 14-15 mmbbls/
month currently).
Amid an uncertain outlook for Qatari LNG supply, we view North American LNG as the
most reliable long-term value option. The US and Qatar are the two largest suppliers of LNG,
accounting for ~25% and ~19% of global LNG exports in 2025 (~437 mtpa total per WoodMac),
respectively. Through a large-scale, multi-phased expansion at North Field, Qatar was
previously on track to expand production capacity to ~142 mtpa by decade end, up from ~78
mtpa in 2025. However, in the wake of Iranian strikes on Ras Laffan in March, 2 of Qatar's 14
liquefaction trains will remain offline for 3-5 years (~17% of total capacity), and the
aforementioned expansions are likely to face material delays.
The initial phase of Qatar's North Field expansion was previously slated to achieve First LNG
later this year (North Field East, +32 mtpa), followed by subsequent phases in 2027 (North Field
South; +16 mtpa) and 2028 (North Field West; +16 mtpa). Per commentary from Qatari Energy
Minister Saad al-Kaabi in March, North Field East could be delayed by over a year, pushing back
the timeline for North Field South and West as well.
We think these realities pave the way for a protracted LNG supply shock that will likely outlast
the conflict and any disruptions to the Strait. While US liquefaction operators have limited (if
any) ability to meaningfully increase production capacity in the near term, we are already
observing an uptick in commercial support for future expansions as customers seek more
reliable US supply on a long-term basis.
3 September 2026
69
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 70]
FIGURE 83. US LNG exports
FIGURE 84. LNG imports
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
mm MT
Sabine Pass
Corpus Christi
Freeport
Cameron LNG Terminal
Calcasieu Pass
Cove Point 1
Elba
Plaquemines
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
mm MT
Europe
China
Japan & South Korea
Rest of the world
Source: Barclays Research, Kpler
Source: Barclays Research, Kpler
Since the conflict began, additional US liquefaction projects have passed FID, including Venture
Global's CP2 project and Caturus' Commonwealth LNG. Within our coverage, we
think Cheniere is also gearing up to FID SPL Train 7 soon (~6 mtpa), which will mark the first
phase of its larger-scale planned expansion at Sabine Pass (+~20 mtpa total). Cheniere is
developing a multi-phase expansion project at its Corpus Christi facility as well (+~24 mtpa).
Commercial tailwinds aside, however, we do not think any of these projects can be
meaningfully accelerated given the lengthy construction and commissioning process associated
with liquefaction.
In the absence of a near-term relief valve to ease current S/D tightness, LNG consumption
patterns are increasingly volatile across Asia, and especially among price-sensitive countries
beholden to the spot market. As global gas prices continue to trend well above the ~$10/mmbtu
threshold at which EM demand tends to rise, Asian countries are leaning further into alternative
energy sources such as coal and liquid fuels and limiting industrial use where possible. At the
same time, European gas storage inventories are trending at precariously low levels ahead of
winter 2026-27, setting the stage for increased competition between Europe and Asia for
available cargoes.
We wait to see how these dynamics impact longer-term LNG adoption rates across Asia, which
has generally been perceived as the engine of global demand growth once gas prices are low
enough to catalyze more elastic demand.
On the refined products front, US refined products have emerged as a key source of global
supply since the outset of the conflict between the US and Iran. With significant Middle
Eastern and Russian refining capacity down, coupled with limited access to Middle Eastern
feedstocks among Asian and European refiners, all our covered refiners have observed robust
export demand. For example, as we have written about previously, MPC has seen new markets
open up, reporting it exported ULSD from LAR to Australia. It also observed particularly strong
demand from Latam and Europe. With the Strait again mostly closed and infrastructure abroad
still under threat, we expect US refined product exports will continue to be a crucial source of
supply for global markets as US refiners remain both unencumbered by the risk of
bombardment and able to access feedstocks. 
AI, power demand and the new electricity economy
Structural drivers of gas-to-power demand growth, including the rising data centre load,
are underwriting significant expansion opportunities for our gas infrastructure
3 September 2026
70
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 71]
incumbents. As the proliferation of AI and data centres drives material growth in gas-to-power
demand, we expect the incremental bid for natural gas infrastructure and power generation
capacity to continue to benefit our midstream operators with exposure to these
assets (DTM, ET, ENB, KGS, KMI, TRP). 
Given hyperscalers' sustained emphasis on speed-to-market, we see the most near-term upside
for midstream players willing to provide gas to data centres via direct supply agreements and
associated pipeline laterals (eg, ET), as well as those offering quick-cycle, behind-the-meter
(BTM) power generation capabilities. Our covered gas infrastructure operators are also pursuing
more traditional transmission expansions in support of longer-lead utility grid
expansions. Irrespective of the approach, we expect stock price performance among these
names to be increasingly dictated by commercialization progress and ultimate project FIDs.
With respect to the BTM route in particular, we wait to see if additional entrants begin to
populate this space and take on exposure to this higher-risk business in support of the data
centre buildout. Whether returns for existing participants are affected as a result also remains to
be seen. Given that KGS was able to make its own foray into BTM by raising secondary equity to
buy turbines on spec (with no negative effect on valuation), we think it is conceivable that other
companies could be equipped to follow a similar path. We think there is a degree of uncertainty
regarding the true height of barriers to entry for this business as a result. As BTM projects begin
to enter service, we expect to gain more clarity on what it means to actually operate and
maintain these assets. Whether operational execution separates the winners from losers in this
space remains to be seen.
The race for capital: financing and investment ideas
Where is capital most needed and who can provide it?
Midstream companies remain well capitalized to self-fund organic growth. Although prior
expansionary cycles were often dependent on equity issuance and/or incremental
leverage, midstream companies today are generally positioned to internally fund organic
growth thanks to improved balance sheet capacity and significant cash flow visibility. Even if
growth opportunities accelerate from here, we expect our midstream companies to remain
judicious capital stewards and only sanction projects that adhere to their stringent return
frameworks.
Still, external funding sources remain an option. ENB's C$2.7bn financing JV with KKR in
collaboration with Apollo is the latest example of a midstream operator tapping into the
growing availability of insurance-backed capital to fund midstream growth opportunities at an
attractive cost of capital. Against a strong fundamental backdrop for energy infrastructure,
across commodity value chains, we will wait to see if other midstream names within our
coverage pursue a similar approach to support incremental growth capex.
Investment recommendations 
• Energy Transfer, LP (ET), Overweight: We think the market has yet to appreciate ET's
unique exposure to demand-pull natural gas pipeline assets as well as its Permian-focused
liquids footprint, which provide both defensive and offensive attributes. Across its diversified
and well-connected asset base, ET continues to benefit from tailwinds on multiple fronts,
including macro themes such as incremental power demand, liquids-rich domestic
production growth spearheaded by the Permian, and the rising need for energy export
infrastructure. Even the often less appreciated components of ET, compression (USAC) and
fuel distribution (SUN), also continue to generate healthy cash flow for the partnership.
• Pembina Pipeline Corp. (PPL.TO), Overweight: PPL's diversified, vertically-integrated
footprint positions the company well to benefit from several LT growth drivers. In particular,
3 September 2026
71
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 72]
PPL's NGL assets are levered to growing demand for condensate as diluent for incremental
WCS production. With several projects currently underway and/or under consideration for
WCSB egress, PPL is poised to benefit without taking construction risk on building major,
cross-border pipeline infrastructure (read more here). Diversification into LNG via PPL's 49.9%
owned Cedar LNG facility (expected ISD 2028) is another key growth avenue amid the current
macro volatility. As construction on the project progresses, the outlook has only been
strengthened by major disruptions to Qatar's LNG capacity and the resulting premium place
on North American LNG infrastructure. Also of note, PPL recently FID'd Greenlight Phase I, as
it expands into power generation to serve major data centre development in Alberta. 
• Valero Energy (VLO), Overweight: VLO's advantaged Gulf Coast footprint positions it
uniquely well to capitalize on strong USGC refined product export demand, supported by
disruptions to refining infrastructure in the Middle East and Russia and constrained feedstock
access across Europe and Asia. Its location also provides flexible access to the most cost-
advantaged feedstocks, a benefit recently reinforced by increased Venezuelan crude runs
across its system (read more here). Beyond its geographic location, VLO's long track record of
best-in-class operational execution gives us confidence in its ability to capture the current
margin upswing while remaining resilient through cycles, supported by a strong balance
sheet and disciplined approach to capital allocation. 
• Plains All American Pipeline (PAA), Underweight: Although PAA's Permian crude footprint
has been a direct beneficiary of elevated crude prices since the onset of the Middle East
conflict, we think the partnership's growth outlook remains largely beholden to the macro
environment and whether crude prices remain structurally higher to incentivize incremental
production. Moreover, even in a more bullish production scenario, we see better risk/reward
in Permian NGL names such as KNTK and TRGP, which exhibit significant liquids torque.
Energy - Europe
The global energy system is entering a new phase. While decarbonisation remains an important
long-term objective, recent years have highlighted the importance of ensuring that energy
remains secure, affordable and reliable. At the same time, energy demand continues to grow,
driven by emerging markets, rising living standards, electrification and increasingly digital
infrastructure such as AI and data centres. 
In our view, the challenge facing policymakers and industry is therefore not simply replacing
one energy source with another. Rather, it is ensuring that sufficient energy is available across
multiple sources to meet growing demand while maintaining security of supply and supporting
economic growth.
This creates an increasingly important role for integrated energy companies. The sector
provides oil, gas, LNG, refining, trading and increasingly power solutions. These capabilities
position it at the centre of the themes that we believe will shape the next decade: energy
security, energy addition, AI-driven electricity demand and the need for large-scale capital
deployment. 
Why our sector matters
We expect global energy demand to continue rising through the next decade despite
improvements in efficiency and increasing deployment of renewable technologies because of
GDP growth, populations getting wealthier, and improving living standards. Some parts of the
world still do not have a reliable energy source. 
Historically, discussions around energy have often focused on substitution. Increasingly,
however, the challenge is one of addition. As shown in Figure 85, over the past decade
renewables have grown but have not replaced other energy sources; instead, they have been
3 September 2026
72
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 73]
added on top. As new energy sources enter the system, existing energy sources remain essential
to support reliability, affordability and security of supply and to meet growing energy
consumption.
FIGURE 85. World energy consumption by fuel, in exajoules
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
Oil
Natural gas
Coal
Nuclear
Hydroelectric
Renewables
2024 and 2025 are based on the old accounting method of the EI Statistical Review of World Energy
Source: EI Statistical Review of World Energy, Barclays Research
a) Oil still matters and needs capital
Oil remains a cornerstone of the global economy. It continues to underpin transportation,
aviation, petrochemicals, shipping and a large share of industrial activity, with few large-scale
alternatives currently available.
Importantly, the industry's challenge is not only meeting future energy demand, but also
replacing production from existing fields. The global resource base is declining quicker than
before, with decline rates estimated at around 8% per year due to the rise of
unconventional (IEA). Nearly 90% of annual upstream O&G investment since 2019 has been
dedicated to offsetting production declines rather than to meet demand growth. If all capital
investment in existing sources of oil and gas production were to cease immediately, global oil
production would fall by 8% p.a. on average over the next decade, or around 5.5 mb/d each
year. See more details in our note Implications of rising decline rates. 
As a result, the energy system is engaged in a constant race for resources. Continued investment
is required not only in existing assets, but also in exploration, appraisal and new project
development to discover and bring forward the next generation of production. 
b) Electrification is driving renewables and gas needs
One of the most important trends shaping the energy system is the continued electrification of
society. Growth in electric vehicles, cooling demand, industrial electrification and digital
infrastructure is increasing electricity consumption across both developed and emerging
markets.
More recently, AI and data centres have emerged as an additional source of structural power
demand. The scale and reliability requirements of these facilities are driving investment across
generation, transmission and power infrastructure, while reinforcing the need for reliable and
flexible energy supplies.
As a result, electricity demand is becoming an increasingly important driver of overall energy
consumption. While renewables are expected to capture a significant share of this growth,
ensuring reliable power supply will require investment across the broader energy system,
3 September 2026
73
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 74]
including generation, networks, storage and flexible capacity. Natural gas will play a critical role
alongside renewables, providing the flexibility and reliability needed to support a more
electrified economy
c) Natural gas and LNG are increasingly strategic
As electricity demand rises, we expect gas to remain an important complement to renewables,
helping maintain reliability and security of supply. We see LNG demand being supported by
three structural themes: energy security, decarbonisation and AI-related power demand.
For many regions, particularly across Asia, gas is seen as a transition fuel. Governments are
looking to reduce reliance on coal, while supporting rising electricity demand from
urbanisation, electrification and, increasingly, AI and data-centre growth. This was one of the
key conclusions from our recent trip to Southeast Asia (see our note New Horizons: Southeast
Asia – the race for resources). Coal still accounts for a significant part of the energy mix in Asia
(India 59%, China 57%, Indonesia 45%...) and even modest coal-to-gas switching can create
substantial incremental gas demand. As an example of scale, moving 1% of electricity demand
in China from coal to gas, would add c30mtpa to LNG, on our estimates (see our note LNG –
supply creates its own demand).
As a result, we expect LNG demand to grow significantly - Shell expects global LNG demand to
grow by +65% by 2050, to nearly 700mt, led by Emerging Asia and supported by energy security
needs, diversification across end-use sectors and the continued role of Europe, China and
Japan in market balancing. See our note Shell LNG Outlook 2026.
Energy security and the return of capital
One of the clearest developments in recent years has been the growing importance of energy
security in investment decisions. The Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022 and the Middle East crisis
in 2026 both triggered sharp increases in oil and gas prices (Figure 86), disrupted global energy
flows and exposed vulnerabilities across the energy system. The Russia-Ukraine conflict
accelerated Europe's shift away from Russian pipeline gas and drove a significant increase in
LNG demand. More recently, the Middle East crisis removed roughly 10% of global oil and gas
supply from the market, highlighting the importance of supply security and diversification.
FIGURE 86. Brent and European gas prices
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
Jan-
21
Jan-
22
Jan-
23
Jan-
24
Jan-
25
Jan-
26
Brent, $/bl
TTF, $/mmbtu (RHS)
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Governments, consumers and corporations increasingly place value on reliability and resilience
alongside sustainability objectives. This is supporting investment across a wide range of energy
infrastructure, including upstream oil and gas, LNG, storage, refining and power systems.
3 September 2026
74
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 75]
The shift is particularly visible in regions that remain dependent on imported energy. Our recent
trip in Southeast Asia found that energy security has become one of the dominant themes
shaping policy across the region, supporting domestic resource development, LNG
infrastructure and strategic storage investment. Oil still accounts for c.40% of the region's
energy mix, yet Southeast Asia consumes around four times more crude oil than it produces
domestically. With approximately 70% of crude imports sourced from the Middle East, reducing
import dependence and increasing diversification have become key policy priorities across the
region. The region also holds significant undeveloped oil and gas resources, and one of the
clearest messages from our discussions was the desire to accelerate the development of
domestic supply. Governments are increasingly looking to make investment frameworks more
competitive, including simplifying fiscal regimes and PSC terms to attract capital and reduce
reliance on imports. See details in our note New Horizons: Southeast Asia – the race for
resources.
Back to upstream
Following a period when capital allocation increasingly focused on renewables and low-carbon
opportunities, we are seeing a renewed emphasis on upstream oil and gas. Several European
energy companies have increased their focus on hydrocarbons, with a slow down in low carbon
spendings:
• bp - As part of its 2025 strategy reset, bp increased annual upstream investment to around
$10.5bn for 2026–27, up from c.$9bn previously, while reducing planned low-carbon capex
from $3–5bn per year to around $0.8bn.
• Equinor - At its latest Capital Markets Day, Equinor reduced expected renewables investment
from $2–3bn per year to around $1bn per year after 2026, while increasing upstream capex by
$1bn.
• Shell - It has increasingly prioritised its Integrated Gas business, raising capex by around $1bn
to $6bn per year for 2025–28, while scaling back spending on lower-return low-carbon
businesses and focusing capital on areas where it sees stronger shareholder returns.
Access to long-life, high-quality resources is becoming increasingly valuable. A few companies
have been underinvesting in the upstream division and have seen their resources life shrink -
this is the case for Shell and bp notably (Figure 88). As a result, we are now back into a race of
resources with exploration returning to the fore. Recent examples include the Namibian
offshore discoveries (TotalEnergies, Shell and Galp), bp's Bumerangue discovery in Brazil and
Eni major gas discoveries in Indonesia.
3 September 2026
75
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 76]
FIGURE 87. European upstream capex, $bn
FIGURE 88. Reserves life, in years
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
0
2
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
2000
2005
2010
2015
2020
2025
Shell
TotalEnergies
bp
Eni
Source: Companies reports, Barclays Research
Source: Companies reports, Barclays Research
FIGURE 89. Non-OPEC growth has all been US
FIGURE 90. WTI price to profitably drill a new well in the US, in $/bl
8.3
1.8
1.4
1.2
0.7
-0.5
-0.8
-1.0
-1.8
US
Canada
Brazil
Middle East
Guyana
Rest of Africa
Mexico
APAC
Venezuela
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
$/bl
Average
Permian
2015-2025
Source: 2026 Statistical Review of World Energy, Barclays Research
Source: Dallas Fed survey, Barclays Research
Part of this shift is also driven by the industry's natural decline challenge. The global resource
base is declining quicker than before, with decline rates estimated at around 8% per
year. Nearly 90% of annual upstream O&G investment since 2019 has been dedicated to
offsetting production declines rather than to meet demand growth. This creates a constant race
for resources, supporting investment in exploration, appraisal and new developments.
Winners and losers in a fragmented energy world
The geographic centre of growth within the energy system is also evolving. The US has been the
dominant source of oil and gas supply growth over the past decade, driven by the shale
revolution. However, as the sector matures, production growth is slowing and costs have
increased, suggesting a greater need for investment in new sources of supply elsewhere. This is
increasing the importance of OPEC producers, the Middle East and new resource developments
across regions such as Latin America, Africa and Southeast Asia. See details in our notes What
if... a multi-year bull run is on its way? ; A focus on non-OPEC supply.
As a result, we have witnessed a regaining of interest in international IOCs, whose global
upstream and LNG portfolios, trading businesses and diversified supply chains position them to
benefit from international growth.
3 September 2026
76
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 77]
AI, power demand and the new electricity economy
AI represents one of the most significant new sources of electricity demand emerging across the
global economy. The growth of data centres is increasing requirements for:
• electricity generation;
• transmission infrastructure;
• firm capacity;
• backup power;
• gas supply. 
As a result, AI has the potential to strengthen demand for natural gas, LNG and flexible power
generation while increasing investment requirements across electricity systems.
Increasingly, AI is becoming a matter of national competitiveness and energy security, with
countries seeking to develop their own data-centre and AI capabilities. The recent example of
the export ban of Fable 5 and Mythos 5 of Anthropic by the US highlight how important AI
sovereignty is becoming. The sovereignty of data is also becoming critical with countries now
building data centres. This is creating new centres of energy demand, from Singapore, Malaysia
and Indonesia in Southeast Asia to Abu Dhabi in the Middle East. The scale of power
consumption is significant, with projects such as Stargate UAE 5GW that will consume 3-5% of
the domestic ADNOC Gas production.
Another important consideration is that data centres are increasingly seeking access to low-
carbon but highly reliable power. In practice, this often means combining renewable generation
with flexible gas-fired capacity. Reliability is becoming a key differentiator, and operators
appear willing to pay a premium for firm, "fit-for-purpose" power solutions. TotalEnergies has
indicated that it was able to sell its solution at a price 10% higher than PPAs (source).
We believe this creates a meaningful long-term opportunity for natural gas, LNG and flexible
generation, as reliable power increasingly becomes a prerequisite for digital growth, thus
benefitting Integrated Energy companies.
AI is also a source of productivity gains for the sector
Our recent work suggests AI could create a productivity opportunity of up to $80bn across the
global energy industry by 2030, including approximately $60bn associated with upstream
activities. Potential benefits include lower development costs, improved operational
performance, reduced downtime, higher production efficiency and refinery optimisation. See
our note New Horizons – Agentic AI, the $80bn game-changer for energy. 
In our view, large integrated companies are well positioned to capture these benefits given their
scale, technical expertise and access to operating data.
3 September 2026
77
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 78]
FIGURE 91. Upstream sector productivity opportunities, $bn
0
10
20
30
40
Dev costs
Production
Refining
Opex
Expl costs
Marketing
Renewables
Scenario 1
Scenario 2
Scenario 3
Group includes Exxon, Chevron, Shell, TotalEnergies, bp, Equinor, Eni, Repsol, OMV, Galp, Aker bp, Var Energi and Neste (for
refining only). Scenario 1-3 depends on the level of AI adoption, n3 being the highest.
Source: Barclays Research estimates
As a result, AI may support both sides of the value equation from increasing demand for energy;
and improving the efficiency of energy production and delivery.
The race for capital
We see significant investment requirements across:
• upstream oil and gas;
• LNG liquefaction;
• LNG import infrastructure;
• gas-to-power projects;
• electricity networks;
• storage infrastructure;
• AI-related power systems;
• energy services capacity. 
In our view, companies that combine strong balance sheets, asset scale and capital-allocation
flexibility will be best placed to fund this next phase of energy development.
Investment recommendations
• Shell (OW) We see Shell as one of the clearest beneficiaries of energy security and LNG
growth. As the world's largest LNG trader and with LNG expected to represent c.60% of group
production by 2030, Shell offers unique exposure to growing global gas demand, while
management targets 10% annual FCF/share growth through the decade. We are Overweight
with a target price of GBP45/sh.
• TotalEnergies (OW) TotalEnergies offers exposure to both energy addition and
electrification. The company targets >3% annual hydrocarbon production growth and ~1%
electricity growth through 2030, largely driven by organic projects, supported by an industry-
leading 12-year reserve life. It has built one of the largest integrated power platforms among
the majors, targeting 100TWh of profitable net power generation by 2030 and a 12% ROACE
3 September 2026
78
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 79]
by 2027. Management is targeting ~10% annual FCF/share growth through 2030. We are
Overweight with a TP of EUR94/sh.
• Eni (OW) Eni combines one of the longest reserve lives among European peers (c.11 years)
with a differentiated exploration-led growth model and increasing LNG exposure. Its ability to
discover, develop and monetise resources efficiently positions it to benefit from growing
energy security concerns and the need for new sources of oil and gas supply. We are
Overweight with a target price of EUR28.5/sh.
•  OMV (UW) OMV remains more exposed than peers to the structurally challenged
petrochemical sector. Historically, chemicals have accounted for roughly one-third of group
operating earnings, primarily through Borealis. The industry faces persistent pressure from
Chinese capacity additions and Middle Eastern feedstock-advantaged producers, resulting in
global polyolefin overcapacity and weaker margins. We are Underweight with a target price of
EUR53/sh.
Oil and Gas - Europe & LatAm Credit views
Parikshit Budhe(i) Barclays, UK  |  Franck Bataille(i) BBI, Paris  |  Badr El Moutawakil(i) BCI, US
European Energy: Resilience through the cycle
Recent volatility across oil and gas markets has reinforced the strategic importance of secure
hydrocarbon supply. As outlined in Energy markets in flux: credit implications and Case study:
TotalEnergies and the Middle East escalation, we believe the current cycle will be defined less by
commodity direction alone and more by resilience of business models, balance-sheet flexibility,
and capital allocation discipline.
Europe's energy-security challenge remains structural. Bloomberg Intelligence estimates that
fossil fuel import reliance could fall to c.40% by 2035 from c.60% today only under an
accelerated investment scenario, while oil import dependence would remain around 78%. In
our view, this reinforces the continued role of diversified hydrocarbon supply and LNG within
the European energy system. Energy security is also increasingly influencing capital allocation,
with investment gravitating towards upstream, LNG and integrated value chains where return
visibility and strategic relevance remain strongest.
Against this backdrop, we see three themes shaping European energy credit performance:
commodity volatility is back but balance sheets are stronger; integrated models continue to
provide superior earnings resilience; and capital discipline is increasingly supporting credit
quality through the cycle.
Commodity volatility is back, but balance sheets are stronger
Commodity markets have repriced materially around renewed supply-risk concerns. Barclays
Commodities Research forecasts Brent at $96/b in 2026 and $85/b in 2027, above forward-
implied averages of $88/b and $77/b, respectively. In a prolonged Strait of Hormuz disruption
scenario, Barclays estimates $2-10/b upside risk to its 2026 forecast, with spot prices potentially
testing $150/b under a more severe outcome.
Physical markets also remain tighter than headline balances imply. Barclays Commodities
notes that oil flows through the Strait of Hormuz averaged 46% of pre-war levels during the
latest escalation phase, while inventories excluding China remain tight and refining margins
resilient. This highlights how geopolitical events continue to have disproportionate effects on
commodity markets despite a structurally stronger sector balance-sheet backdrop. Europe’s
3 September 2026
79
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 80]
FIGURE 92. Oil flow through the Strait of Hormuz remains depressed
FIGURE 93. ICE Brent futures curve over time, $/b
60
65
70
75
80
85
90
95
100
105
1
3
5
7
9
11
13
15
17
19
21
23
1-month range
04/08/2026
1 week ago
1 month ago
Month
Note: Net daily crude oil and refined product (including LPG) exports through the
Strait of Hormuz, mb/d. Line shows 7dma.
Source: Kpler, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
domestic oil and gas production continues to decline, with Bloomberg Intelligence forecasting
that regional gas production could fall to 92bcm by 2035 while imports rise to 235bcm.
However, in our view, stronger prices are now meeting stronger balance sheets (Figure 94).
Several years of deleveraging, elevated cash generation and portfolio optimisation have left
European majors better positioned to absorb commodity shocks, making volatility more likely
to drive earnings dispersion than broad credit deterioration.
Portfolio quality is becoming the key differentiator
Integrated business models remain structurally advantaged in a more volatile commodity
environment. Exposure across upstream, LNG, trading, refining, marketing and power activities
provides multiple cash-flow levers and reduces dependence on a single commodity, geography
or asset base. The value of integration increasingly sits in cash flow diversification rather than
production scale, with LNG, trading, refining and downstream earnings helping offset
commodity, regional and operational volatility.
The natural hedge is most visible during supply disruptions. In Case study: TotalEnergies and the
Middle East escalation, we highlighted that Qatar, Iraq and UAE offshore assets represented
c.15% of production but only c.10% of upstream cash flow. Management also indicated that an
$8/b increase in Brent would offset the expected 2026 cash-flow contribution from those assets
under a $60/b oil price assumption. This illustrates how stronger commodity prices can partially
offset operational disruption through a price-versus-volume hedge embedded within integrated
portfolios.
The sector implication is broader than TotalEnergies. Higher commodity prices, LNG
optimisation, trading gains and refining margins can partially offset lost production volumes or
regional disruptions, creating a price-versus-volume hedge that is largely unavailable to more
concentrated business models.
LNG remains a key differentiator. As domestic production declines and import dependency
increases, scale, trading capability and supply flexibility become increasingly valuable across
the gas value chain. Industry forecasts suggest that European and UK gas production could
continue to decline materially over the coming decade, reinforcing the strategic role of LNG
within Europe’s energy system.
3 September 2026
80
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 81]
FIGURE 94. Net debt-to-EBITDA peer comparison (x)
FIGURE 95. European oil majors: Capex allocation (%)
0.0x
0.2x
0.4x
0.6x
0.8x
1.0x
1.2x
1.4x
(x)
Operating 
Cash flow
Divestments
FCF Post-
Distrib
Dividends
Organic 
Capex
0
25
50
75
100
Sources of Cash
Uses of Cash
%
Operating Cash flow
Divestments
Organic Capex
Dividends
Buybacks
FCF Post-Distrib
Note: Chart data based on Bloomberg estimates.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Portfolio quality is also increasingly about returns rather than scale. European majors continue
to prioritise investment across oil, gas, LNG and integrated value chains where return visibility
remains strongest while maintaining greater discipline across lower-return opportunities. 
Capital discipline is supporting credit resilience
The most important structural change across the sector may be financial rather than
operational. Unlike in previous upcycles, stronger commodity prices are not translating into a
broad reset higher in capex. Bloomberg Intelligence expects European energy majors’ 2026
capital spending to remain broadly disciplined, with investment weighted towards upstream,
integrated gas and downstream activities.
Importantly, stronger commodity prices are not translating into a broad sector capex reset.
Instead, capital is increasingly being directed towards LNG, upstream resilience and integrated
value-chain opportunities, while balance-sheet strength and shareholder flexibility remain core
financial objectives.
This discipline is visible across the sector. TotalEnergies has maintained annual investment
guidance around $15bn despite stronger cash-flow expectations, while BP has tightened 2026
capex guidance to $13-13.5bn as it prioritises balance sheet repair.
Shareholder returns have also become more flexible. BP has suspended buybacks and
redirected surplus cash flow towards debt reduction, while TotalEnergies continues
distributions alongside gearing of 13.1% and a stated objective of moving closer to 10% gearing.
The sector-wide message is that buybacks are increasingly acting as the variable component of
capital allocation, while dividends remain the core shareholder commitment. Combined with
disciplined capex and stronger balance sheets, this should help preserve rating headroom and
limit credit deterioration through future commodity cycles.
Investment recommendations
As detailed in Revisiting single-name views: mid-year 2026 update, we remain constructive on
European energy. Recent results have reinforced our positive sector view, with integrated
majors continuing to deliver resilient earnings, strong cash generation and disciplined capital
allocation despite heightened geopolitical volatility. Against the backdrop of the themes
discussed above, our preferred positions within the sector remain TotalEnergies and BP.
3 September 2026
81
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 82]
• Overweight BP (BPLN): BP remains a preferred recovery and deleveraging story within
European Energy. Since announcing its strategic reset, management has prioritised balance-
sheet repair through lower capex, suspended buybacks, planned disposals and debt
reduction. We view recent governance noise as secondary to the improving credit trajectory,
with stronger commodity prices and disciplined capital allocation supporting further leverage
improvement through 2026-27. In our view, BP offers one of the strongest combinations of
improving fundamentals, rating momentum and spread-tightening potential within the
sector.
• Overweight TotalEnergies (TTEFP): Within our coverage, TotalEnergies remains one of the
clearest expressions of the resilience themes discussed above. The group combines a highly
diversified earnings base across upstream, LNG, trading and refining with low leverage,
strong cash generation and disciplined capital allocation. Recent Middle East disruption has
reinforced the value of this integrated model, with stronger commodity prices, LNG and
trading performance helping offset operational effects. In our view, TotalEnergies remains
well positioned to benefit from commodity volatility while maintaining balance-sheet
flexibility and shareholder returns.
Latin America corporate energy: Diverging fortunes in the race for capital
Energy addition: Why LatAm matters. Latin America is one of the few regions globally where
both oil and gas production can still grow materially through 2030–35, making it a direct
beneficiary of the "energy addition" thesis. Argentine Vaca Muerta producers — Vista Energy,
YPF, Tecpetrol, Pluspetrol — operate with lifting costs of c.$4–5/boe and can sustain profitable
operations even at $60/bbl crude, well below the breakeven of most conventional global peers.
The contrast with Brazil and Colombia's junior and mid-cap producers is instructive: both
groups are far more sensitive to crude price downside given higher-cost conventional
operations. Brazil's independents (Prio, Brava Energia/Ecopetrol, Vast Infraestrutura) hit record
output levels in 2025 but remain burdened by high leverage after aggressive M&A — Brava was
at 2.3x LTM in Q3 25 on reported numbers, rising to 3.5x excluding oil inventories. Colombian
juniors such as Gran Tierra Energy or GeoPark may carry lower absolute leverage, but their
conventional cost structures and heavy-crude exposure make them acutely vulnerable to oil
price declines — particularly from increased global supply — with companies such as Gran
Tierra explicitly relying on oil prices to manage financial pressures in 2026. The bottom line: in a
world where oil prices could face structural pressure from the return of Venezuelan supply over
5–10 years and OPEC+ unwinds, Argentine unconventional producers are the only LatAm E&P
credits with a clear margin of safety at sub-$60 Brent, while Brazilian and Colombian juniors
need sustained $70+ prices to remain comfortable. At the weakest end, Pemex's production is
"holding steady" at 1.6m bpd only because the company adds c.280,000 bpd of condensates to
the figure, masking continued underlying declines.
Energy security and the return of capital. The Iran war and Strait of Hormuz disruptions have
accelerated capital flows towards LatAm hydrocarbon assets, particularly in Argentina, where
the policy environment is now actively encouraging investment. Argentine corporates issued
$4.5bn across nine deals in Q2 26 alone — up 45% q/q— at an average YTM of around 9%, versus
7.2% for LatAm corporates overall. Crucially, Pluspetrol, Pampa Energía, MSU Green and Vista
Energy all placed bonds at 10–12 year tenors — an exceptionally long duration for Argentine
issuers and a clear signal of market confidence in the country's energy trajectory over the
coming years. Pluspetrol priced a $450m 10-year at 7.85% yield, with proceeds directed to Vaca
Muerta development under RIGI. YPF's CEO has stated that the company aims for $30bn in
annual energy exports by 2031, with multiple RIGI filings planned for LNG and midstream
infrastructure. And the pipeline keeps building: RIGI has opened c.$95bn in potential
investment opportunities, though only a dozen projects have been approved so far, with
infrastructure bottlenecks in transport, power and logistics remaining binding constraints.
3 September 2026
82
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 83]
Meanwhile, Petroquímica Comodoro Rivadavia is preparing a debut international bond (up to
$550m), and Provincia de Neuquén and Genneia are expected to follow.
Regional divergence. The credit differentiation within LatAm energy is as wide as anywhere in
EM. On the constructive side, Argentine producers benefit from low-cost shale economics, RIGI-
driven capital formation, and the fact that Vaca Muerta's light tight oil faces no direct
competition from a potential Venezuelan supply recovery (Venezuelan extra-heavy crude
competes with Canadian and Brazilian grades). On the negative side, Mexico is structurally
impaired: Pemex carries $20bn in supplier debt and accounts payable (as of 1Q26), and the
government has injected close to $55bn since 2025 to revive production and throughput.
Moody's downgraded the Mexican sovereign to Baa3 in May 2026, citing rigid spending, a
narrow tax base, and persistent Pemex bailouts — placing Mexico on the lowest rung of
investment grade with two agencies (Moody's and Fitch), suggesting that the current support
policy to support Pemex directly from the budget could change. Colombia faces a structural gas
crisis: Ecopetrol's production in Colombia is in decline while distressed producer Canacol (the
country's largest independent gas supplier) is attempting to terminate gas contracts via
Canadian court proceedings, leaving the country increasingly reliant on imported gas at rising
global prices.
Gas, power and the emerging electricity story. Natural gas is becoming LatAm's critical
transition fuel. Brazil is building gas-fired generation to reduce hydro dependency, Argentina is
positioning for LNG exports (YPF's RIGI filings target LNG infrastructure specifically), and
Colombia's gas deficit is forcing emergency procurement. The Iran war has created LNG export
opportunities for the region — Argentina's RIGI could expand beyond Vaca Muerta upstream
into LNG, and Colombia's deep-water gas potential remains untapped because of self-inflicted
policy wounds. In the power sector, Panama's Generadora de Gatún — accounting for about
20% of the country's firm capacity — successfully placed a $1.05bn 18-year senior secured bond
at 6.875% to refinance its 640 MW gas plant, illustrating investor appetite for LatAm baseload
infrastructure. Cox Mexico's $2bn dual-tranche issuance for Iberdrola Mexico's 2.6 GW platform
further evidences capital flowing toward firm power assets. While Latin America is not yet a
primary hyperscaler data-centre destination at US/Asian scale, growing electricity demand from
urbanisation and early-stage digital buildout is creating incremental gas and grid investment
needs across the region.
The race for capital: Credit positioning. The key credit differentiation between issuers/
countries is straightforward: Argentine unconventional producers (Vista, Pluspetrol, Pampa,
YPF) offer a rare combination of sub-$5/boe production costs, reform-driven capital access, and
10+ year tenor — effectively trading based on expectations of structural energy demand growth
at single-B-level yields (~9%). Brazilian independents (Prio, Brava, Vast) offer operating leverage
to oil prices but carry stretched balance sheets that make them vulnerable in a lower-for-longer
scenario — Prio appears best positioned given spot-rate sales exposure, while Brava's high
leverage amplifies downside risk. Pemex (B1) remains a sovereign-linked story where credit
analysis is secondary to fiscal policy — the spread to the sovereign has narrowed on state
support, but the company has dropped its flagship 20-field production strategy after billions
spent and fast declines, and its new CFO-turned-CEO has signaled that the Finance Ministry is
prioritising creditor payments over operational recovery. The service providers in LatAm could
also offer an attractive opportunity: FPSOs have shown a very strong uptime track record with
healthy DSCR (including for the weakest operator such as MV24s), drillers are benefiting from
the focus on deep water growth from Petrobras and higher day rates to extend their maturity
(such as Constellation Energy), and subsea service such as Oceanica have taken advantage of
the better market momentum to refinance, with clients expecting the service providers in Brazil
to participate in Petrobras's growth in deepwater, as the company is expected to have more
than 20 new FPSOs by 2030.
3 September 2026
83
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 84]
Clean Tech - North America Equity views
Christine Cho, CFA BCI, US
Why our sector matters 
Renewable energy has had a growing share of a largely stagnant power market across North
America in recent decades. Electricity needs had decoupled from economic growth since the
late 20th century, in large part due to increases in efficiencies in power delivery and use.
However, the rise of artificial intelligence, hyperscalers, and continued grid electrification have
upended the market and created a sudden and stark need for new power generation and
delivery. And while natural gas and other more traditional power sources are now expected to
play a larger role in meeting future electricity demand than previously anticipated, this is not
expected to be at the expense of alternative energy sources. Rather, the rapidly expanding pool
of demand is providing new avenues for growth for our coverage, with many having only
recently found mainstream investor appreciation for their specific niches. 
FIGURE 96. US electricity gap (GW)
2,139 
1,049
1,502
1,222
800
1,000
1,200
1,400
1,600
1,800
2,000
2,200
2,400
2001
2003
2005
2007
2009
2011
2013
2015
2017
2019
2021
2023
2025
2027
2029
2031
2033
2035
2037
2039
2041
2043
2045
2047
2049
Electricity Demand
Capacity with Fossil Fuel Retirements
Source: BloombergNEF
Perhaps the most significant separator for the clean technology space is speed to power. At a
time when US grid interconnection queues can stretch up to five years, and gas turbine waitlists
have extended past six years, many of the solutions offered by companies in this sector are able
to provide power on relatively accelerated timelines (such as fuel cells manufactured by BE,
generators provided by EROC, or solar panels put together by FSLR). Many of the products and
services that are offered by the companies in our coverage also work alongside, or in
conjunction with, a grid interconnection. Some (BE, EROC) offer solutions that can be used by
customers as "bridge power", providing primary electric capacity while full grid interconnection
is on hold. When grid connection is available, the customers can either sell the products, or
keep them as backup power sources. This eases the constraints on the grid while also providing
users with much needed current power. 
Lastly, the numerous generative technologies in the space provide a growing list of customers
with more variety than ever to meet their needs. Hyperscalers can have a very different set of
requirements than traditional commercial and industrial users, and there can be a wide range
of priorities even between data centres themselves. Solar, generators, fuel cells, batteries, and
3 September 2026
84
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 85]
potentially nuclear are all very differentiated technologies all being considered by data centres
on different timelines. 
Energy security and the return of capital
One of the defining characteristics of the current power regime has been the shift of attention to
behind-the-meter (BTM) investments and applications. BTM refers to generation that happens
"behind" the grid, meaning it bypasses grid interconnection to provide power directly to one or
multiple sources. As the wait for interconnection has ballooned to several years (depending on
location), and hyperscalers in particular are time sensitive with regards to power access, there
has been a lot of recent discussion about the prospects for BTM power solutions. In some cases,
these could be permanent, "islanded" power plants, never connected to the grid. In others, they
could be temporary measures before formal grid interconnection could be secured. Either way,
BTM optionality has opened up a new source of build and investment.
How energy security is changing capital allocation
As hyperscaler demand strains utilities, the US power grid has become, and will continue to be,
increasingly less stable. Hyperscalers' AI training data centre locations in particular are very
sensitive to power outages or fluctuations, and can even cause problems for the grid
themselves (AI compute's inherent volatility can create issues for the more stable grid load). To
combat these issues, data centres need grid stabilizers and backup solutions. This has created a
mostly new and large market opportunity for both battery energy storage (FLNC), as well as
backup generators (GNRC, EROC). Additionally, as grid interconnection wait times have soared,
customers have turned to solutions that can bring power generation without the need for grid
connection, such as fuel cells (BE). As we will discuss in further detail below, a large amount of
capital expenditure is being spent on building out capacity.
Also stemming from the emerging gap between power demand and power supply is a renewed
interest in nuclear power. Long a stagnant industry in North America (and a declining one in
Europe), nuclear's ability to bring clean, stable, baseload power is unique in the marketplace.
Capital expenditures and cost overruns  associated with building GW-scale plants has long been
a deterrent for new investment. Some small modular reactor (SMR) companies, such as OKLO
and SMR, are looking to change that by deploying more modular and repeatable designs that
should drive down costs over time (although these remain more of a story for the 2030s than
today). 
How energy security is affecting volatility
The volatility in both energy security and energy prices is a net positive for the clean technology
sector in the US. For commercial and industrial users (including hyperscalers), a lack of trust in
the grid's ability to maintain energy creates the need for redundancy, which means additional
purchases of our coverage's products. This comes in the form of extra storage and backup units,
or perhaps onsite generation to supplement the grid, even if interconnection is secured.
Notably, more volatile (and generally higher) energy prices are generally a positive for names in
our residential solar space (RUN, SEDG, ENPH), as elevated utility rates and energy bills mean
the value proposition of a home solar system increases (and the payback period shortens for
consumers). Critically, the increase in utility rates is happening in conjunction with the coming
loss of residential solar tax credits, cut short by the passage of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act
(OBBBA). Falling home battery prices and elevated and volatile utility rates will continue to
make residential solar an attractive solution. 
 Winners and losers in a fragmented energy world 
The US has been applying both the "carrot" (tax credits for domestically manufactured clean
energy products) and the "stick" (tariffs or outright bans of foreign made competition) in the
clean tech sector for some time now, but it has ratcheted up the level in recent years,
3 September 2026
85
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 86]
particularly under the Trump administration and since the passage of the OBBBA. Historically,
purchasers of clean energy products (such as solar, wind, and storage) had been eligible to
receive a 30% investment tax credit (ITC) of the purchase price, as well as some "adders", such
as an additional 10% for domestically manufactured products (domestic content). However, the
OBBBA tied the foreign entity of control (FEOC) requirements to the ITC. Essentially, any clean
energy product made substantially of products from China or China-related entities will not be
eligible to receive the ITC or domestic content adder. This creates a 30%+ moat from just a tax
credit perspective. On top of that, many tariffs have been levied against Chinese and other
foreign clean energy imports. In addition to the ~10% rate currently applied to all Chinese
imports through Section 301, there are numerous more specific taxes that apply to the clean
tech space. We have laid out some of the more notable ones in Figure 977. 
FIGURE 97. A selection of clean tech tariffs on Chinese imports
Product Category
Tariff Program
Rate
Solar cells & modules
Section 201 + Section 
301
Can exceed 50%+ depending on 
product/origin structure
Polysilicon
Section 232
Final decision pending
Battery components
Section 301
Up to 25-50% depending on component
Steel products
Section 232
50%
Steel derivative products
Section 232
25%
Aluminum products
Section 232
50%
Copper products
Section 232
50%
Relevant Clean Tech Tariffs on China
Source: Barclays Research, ITC
As a result of these policies, Chinese products, which can be significantly cheaper than their
American counterparts, have been effectively shut out of the US market. Inversely, because of
their higher manufacturing costs, American products have made little headway in Chinese
markets, as the two countries' clean tech markets have been essentially cut off. Europe has
remained more of a battleground between Western and Chinese made offerings. Two problems
related to the clean energy space have arisen in Europe: a general equipment scarcity, as well as
issues related to curtailment (an excess of renewable energy on the grid means too much power
at peak times, so power plants are "curtailed" during the day). These problems have made
Europe more welcoming of Chinese imports, but energy security concerns have meant that it
still predominantly relies on European products and American imports. Generally speaking,
most companies in our coverage sell and manufacture most of their products in the US, with
some ancillary sales in Europe and other developed, international markets. It is rare for any
sales to occur in China. 
Of note here, from our discussions with companies, American hyperscalers are sensitive to using
any equipment, systems, or services that can be traced back to China, due to company and
national security concerns. As the US is home to many of the largest hyperscalers and data
centre buildouts, this has given US companies in our coverage a significant leg up in this space
as of now. 
AI, power demand and the new electricity economy
Data centres have created a new and large market for many of our companies to sell into, as
these customers want power, backup, and energy security in a timely manner. Compared to the
traditional utility-scale developers or C&I customers that have been the clients in this space in
years past, data centre developers are generally less cost-sensitive and more time-sensitive,
willing to absorb a higher cost if it means they can fire up their sites a couple years sooner. Data
3 September 2026
86
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 87]
centre developers also often have to abide by company emissions mandates and are very
visible in their own communities, meaning they often require town approval before substantial
production can begin. Generally, this favors the clean energy space as opposed to more
traditional gas powered solutions, as emission levels are smaller and power generation is often
quieter. The need for speedier power solutions is also the driving force behind the growing level
of investment in behind-the-meter solutions, whereby companies forego grid interconnection
(for the time being) in order to get needed power generation faster. 
It is crucial for some data centre operations that they have a constant stream of power (many
data centres express a desire for "5 9s" availability, meaning products that can provide 99.999%
guaranteed uptime). Neither the grid, nor any individual power source, can promise these
uptimes, so this has created a large market for backup power, specifically for battery energy
storage solutions (BESS), such as those offered by FLNC, or backup generators, like those
assembled by GNRC and EROC. 
The electrical work in and around data centres also provides some of our coverage with an
opportunity to take some meaningful share, either through new or existing products. As data
centre racks become increasingly energy dense, the wiring needed to provide them with
adequate power has become more complex, leading to some new solutions around how to
streamline the process, such as SHLS' Air Link. Higher voltage levels will also require advanced
solid state transformers (SSTs), a market with no current constituents that a couple of our
companies (SEDG, ENPH) are in the design stages of creating (the traditional transformer
market has historically been dominated by larger, multi-industrial companies). 
Lastly, the urgent need for new power solutions has led to a rapid deployment of capital into
new, emerging, or dormant technologies, such as fuel cells and nuclear power. Fuel cells, long
seen as too costly compared to reciprocating engines or gas turbine alternatives, have seen a
pickup in interest due to quick scaling and deployment ability, as well as relatively low carbon
and noise emissions. SMR interest has also picked up on the back of the promise of clean,
baseload power. 
The race for capital: financing and investment ideas
a) Where is capital most needed and who can provide it?
The energy infrastructure space had been in a state of disinvestment for the past few decades,
as electricity requirements stalled despite continued economic and population growth. The
hyperscaler power shock, combined with increasingly insular energy policies, has re-
accelerated investment in clean tech. As data centres want power now, significant investment is
needed, and has been made, in scaling capacity for equipment providers. In this space, this has
occurred mostly through public or private fundraisings (the nuclear market in particular has
been an active one for IPOs as of late). There has not been much consolidation or M&A activity
in the space yet - a handful of companies (notably NXT and ARRY) have made strategic
investments into acquiring smaller, ancillary businesses to help grow wallet share - but most
clean tech markets activity has remained primary and secondary offerings. 
Plenty of capital has been raised in the nuclear space in particular, with SMR and OKLO both
relatively recent IPOs. Unit economics is of the utmost importance for nuclear, as there is still
much to be learned about the cost structure and Nth of a kind costs of modular reactors.
Nuclear has also seen an influx of government grants, as the Trump administration has
positioned itself as a champion of nuclear energy. We lay out some of the government programs
for nuclear programs in Figure 98 below. 
3 September 2026
87
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 88]
FIGURE 98. Governmental nuclear assistance programs
Program
Benefit / Amount
Description
HALEU Availability Program
Cost Sharing
The program is meant to spur investment in commercial HALEU enrichment supply by 
providing capital needs and purchase commitments.
Enrichment Task Orders
$3.4bn
This program is designed to help enrichment facilities and centrifuge manufacturers 
accelerate deployment timelines by providing funds. Originally two separate programs 
($2.7bn for LEU and $700mm for HALEU), the funds are now intermingled, and three 
$900mm enrichment contracts have been awarded. The remainder will help other aspects of 
the fuel supply chain. 
Fuel Line Pilot Program
Regulatory Fast 
Track
The Fuel Line Pilot Program supports the Reactor Pilot Program and establishes a domestic 
nuclear fuel supply chain for testing new reactors. The program leverages the DOE 
authorization process to build and operate nuclear fuel fabrication lines to serve for research, 
development, and demonstration purposes and to provide a fast-tracked approach to 
commercial licensing.  
Surplus Plutonium Utilization Program
20 tons of Pu
DOE is establishing a program to make excess Plutonium available for advanced nuclear 
technologies. Applications were due in late November, with allocation decisions expected 
soon.
DUECE Program
$1.5bn
Started in 2016, this program seeks to develop advanced centrifuge technology to produce 
adequate enriched uranium for defense needs. BWXT was awarded these funds in September 
2025, through an indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contract. 
Reactor Pilot Program
Regulatory Fast 
Track
The Reactor Pilot Program establishes a new DOE pathway for advanced reactor 
demonstration to fast-track commercial licensing. The program aims to leverage DOE’s 
authority to expedite the research and development of advanced nuclear reactor technologies 
with the larger goal of reaching criticality for at least three advanced nuclear reactor concepts 
located outside of the national laboratories by July 4, 2026.  
Source: Barclays Research, DoE
Investment recommendations
Although the recent developments in the market have generally been good for our sector across
the board, we give a few standout investment recommendations below, from our perspective,
as well as one that may not see as much upside as the others. 
• Oklo, Inc (OKLO) - OKLO (OW) is a small modular reactor (SMR) company that has been at the
cutting edge of developing the next generation sodium-cooled fast reactors. These 75MW
modules each will be able to provide customers, both traditional utilities as well as
hyperscalers, with reliable baseload power at near zero levels of carbon emissions. These
modules are powered by high assay, low enriched uranium (HALEU), a fuel that is further
enriched than fuel used by traditional reactors. The company has not yet reached
commercialization, and is still awaiting full NRC approval before it is able to do so.
Therefore, this is admittedly a technology that we will not know the outcome of until the
early 2030s at the earliest. However, if it is successful and economical in scaling nuclear
power, it will be difficult for other technologies to compete, in our view. 
• Bloom Energy (BE) - BE (EW) is a distributed power company that develops and
manufactures solid oxide fuel cell systems capable of providing reliable, always-on electricity
for data centres, utilities, and commercial customers. Unlike intermittent renewable
technologies, BE's fuel cells produce dispatchable power with high availability and lower
emissions than traditional combustion-based generation, making them increasingly
attractive as grid constraints and data centre power demand accelerate. While the technology
is commercially proven and already deployed at scale, its long-term opportunity depends on
management's ability to drive down costs (a 30% tax credit goes away post-2030), expand
manufacturing capacity, and how durable demand is if and when turbine and grid
interconnection queues are eased. In the meantime, BE's fuel cell platform is acting as an
3 September 2026
88
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 89]
important bridge between rising electricity demand and an increasingly constrained utility
grid.
• First Solar (FSLR) - FSLR (OW) is the leading US-based solar manufacturer and one of the
largest utility-scale solar module suppliers in the world, with annual manufacturing capacity
measured in the tens of gigawatts and a backlog that supports deployment across a
substantial portion of the US utility-scale solar market. The company utilizes differentiated
thin-film technology rather than traditional crystalline silicon, providing reduced exposure to
Chinese polysilicon and wafer supply chains while benefiting from a largely domestic
manufacturing footprint. As trade tensions between the US and China continue to reshape
global solar supply chains, FSLR stands to benefit from tariffs, import restrictions, and
domestic manufacturing incentives that increase the relative competitiveness of US-
produced modules. While utility-scale solar remains dependent on transmission expansion
and complementary storage deployment, FSLR is uniquely positioned to capitalize on
growing electricity demand and the push for domestic energy infrastructure, making it one of
the most strategically important solar manufacturers in the Western market.
• Generac (GNRC) - GNRC (EW) is best known as the leading provider of standby and mobile
diesel generators, technologies that have historically played a critical role in backup power
applications across residential, commercial, and industrial markets. However, as power
reliability becomes increasingly important for hyperscale data centres and AI workloads, the
market is beginning to favor solutions capable of providing continuous or near-continuous
power behind-the-meter, especially as grid connections become harder to come by and we
find that diesel back up generation is mostly paired with grid connections. As behind-the-
meter applications grow, there tends to be redundancy baked in with fuel cells, gas-fired
microgrids, batteries, and other distributed energy solutions, rendering diesel back-up
generation as less necessary. As a result, GNRC may be less directly exposed to the emerging
multi-gigawatt data centre power buildout than investors anticipate. In our view, the key
question is whether GNRC can expand beyond its legacy generator franchise and establish a
differentiated position in the next generation of distributed power infrastructure.
Energy - US Credit views
Paul Chambers(i) BCI, US  |  Harry Mateer(i) BCI, US
Why our sector matters
To support growing demand, the North American energy credit ecosystem is driving the
expansion of traditional upstream sources (mainly by unlocking resources in the Permian
Basin), facilitating an ongoing consolidation wave in US shale, supporting export infrastructure
(mainly through LNG), and building infrastructure to supply an expected ramp in gas-fired
power generation. We see potential emerging opportunities in Canada, as several oil pipelines
are under consideration to both increase output and enable either the expansion of existing or
the development of new export routes.
One area where there are some (early-stage) signs of growth supporting the belief that oil will
stay higher for longer is the deepwater market, where lead times for first oil can span from three
to five years (or more) and require investments upwards of $1bn depending on the scale. With
the success of large offshore fields in the Gulf of Mexico, Ghana, Nigeria, Brazil, and Angola, the
number of countries seeking to profit from their own natural resources is on the rise as well.
Recent offshore success in Guyana, Namibia, Colombia, and the Ivory Coast has created an
increase in demand for deepwater drilling rigs, with both Transocean and Seadrill stating on
2Q26 earnings calls that deepwater drilling utilization could approach 95-100% in 2027.
3 September 2026
89
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 90]
FIGURE 99. Deepwater open tender activity for floating rigs - Rig years 
50
43
52 55 58
43
33 35 35 32
23
30 32 34 35 35 38 42 42
48 49
55
77 79 83
97
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
Jul-23
Oct-23
Jan-24
Apr-24
Jul-24
Oct-24
Jan-25
Feb-25
Mar-25
Apr-25
May-25
Jun-25
Jul-25
Aug-25
Sep-25
Oct-25
Nov-25
Dec-25
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Source: Petrodata
For credit investors, we view the RIG/VAL merger as a unique opportunity to own bonds in the
largest offshore drilling company in the world, with pro forma EBITDA exceeding $2bn in 2027
and a combined backlog of around $10bn. As RIG seeks to simplify its capital structure, moving
from secured to unsecured, and with growth in EBITDA and scale from its pending merger with
VAL, we expect substantial upgrades in ratings from the credit agencies. We view the 8.5%
2031s and longer-dated 2038s as the most attractive options. Our base case remains that
RIG will refinance the VAL second-lien 2030s after the deal closes, still estimated before
year-end.
Energy security and the return of capital
Within the upstream sector, the heightened (global) call on US hydrocarbons has not yet
translated into a material increase in spending, which we think reflects the dynamic shown
in Figure 100 and Figure 101: namely, after suffering through poor returns in the early years of
the shale boom, producers have migrated to a return-of-capital, moderated approach to
spending that emphasizes free cash flow generation rather than output growth. Changing this
will require a more sustained price signal; in general, our conversations with producers
suggest that an $80/bbl strip price would be required to adjust spending plans materially.
3 September 2026
90
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 91]
FIGURE 100. US Upstream capex percent of sales falling while ROE
improves, despite commodity volatility
FIGURE 101. US upstream dividends percent of sales increasing as
capex declines
$0
$20
$40
$60
$80
$100
$120
-60%
-40%
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Oil Px $/bbl
Capex % 
Revenue; 
ROE
Capex % Sales
ROE
Oil price (rhs)
Declining capex % 
revenue...
...with improving 
ROE, despite oil 
price volatility
$0
$20
$40
$60
$80
$100
$120
0%
2%
4%
6%
8%
10%
12%
Oil Px $/bbl
Dividends % 
Sales
Dividends % Sales
Oil price (rhs)
Lower capex made 
available more cash 
for dividends (as % 
of sales)
Note: S&P 1500 E&P companies on a per share basis.
Note: S&P 1500 E&P companies on a per share basis.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
FIGURE 102. Although North American upstream reserve life has ebbed and flowed with commodity
prices, in general it has been declining (proved reserves/production, years)
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
2005
2009
2013
2017
2021
2025
Integrated
E&P
Notes: Average of total proved reserves divided by 12-month production for North American producers over time.
Source: Company reports, Barclays Research
Where we do see a shift in capital spending for global energy security is US LNG, stemming from
an unprecedented build-out of liquefaction capacity on the US Gulf Coast, a dynamic we
discussed in The Credit Landscape in US LNG (April 13, 2026). As an example, NextDecade's Rio
Grande LNG project recently raised $3.5bn in the US bond market, and we see potential for
significantly more debt issuance in the next few years to support the construction of
additional US LNG trains.
To date, challenges to global energy security have occurred outside of North America, meaning
that producers in the US and Canada have benefited from the price reaction, without a
corresponding deterioration in volumes. Positively, a number of issuers have taken advantage
of periodic spikes in commodity prices to accelerate balance sheet improvement, reducing
financial leverage and ultimately reducing financial statement volatility through the cycle, as
evidenced by Figure 103, which shows reduced returnsensitivity for a given change in the
price of oil. The flip side is that we think energy companies are much better positioned to
return capital counter-cyclically when commodity prices inevitably experience a downturn,
along with investing capital to heed the call for additional volumes.
3 September 2026
91
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 92]
FIGURE 103. The sensitivity of investment grade energy sector returns to changes in oil prices has declined as balance sheets have
strengthened and capital spending has eased
-400
-300
-200
-100
0
100
200
300
400
500
-40
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
2005-09
2010-16
2017-2020
2021-
2017-20
2010-16
2005-09
2021-
Notes: Percent month-over-month change in oil price on x-axis against monthly excess returns (bp) on y-axis.
Source: Bloomberg Indices, Barclays Research
With international gas price volatility increasing amid challenges to energy security, we see
increased opportunities for companies that are able to market US gas to international
buyers. This is occurring in both the midstream (eg, Cheniere, Venture Global) and upstream
(eg, EQT, EXE) sectors as North American producers increasingly seek ways to attach global gas
prices to their domestic production. Over time, this could improve gas producer economics, but
is likely also to require increased investment in storage to navigate mismatches between
localized demand and opportunities in the US, production levels, and international exports. In
addition, we see a risk that a glut of global LNG capacity later this decade could put downward
pressure on international gas prices, potentially increasing volatility further.
Energy fragmentation
We think increased volatility tends to benefit commodity marketers and trading firms, although
with greater potential profitability comes the risk of operating losses. We also think that
working capital needs could structurally increase in a more fragmented environment,
creating an opportunity for capital providers to step in and help bridge short-term liquidity
needs. As above, we think that storage capacity could prove increasingly important in order to
help manage through market cycles and act as a buffer during times of constraint. We have also
seen gas producers invest in marketing entities, with a goal of maximizing price realizations and
navigating what remains a highly volatile (and seasonal) commodity.
With the exception of China's independent refiners, which operate at limited run-rates, the
world is tight on refining capacity, and downstream markets are interconnected, which can
make profitability spikes very acute when infrastructure is damaged somewhere in the world.
Thus, we think that refiners with low leverage are best positioned to capture periods of very
high margins. And unlike the LNG market, where we think global capacity expansions are
outpacing demand, the refining capacity expansion pipeline is more modest, and with multi-
year construction timelines and a mixed execution track record. Given this, we see potential for
new refining capacity, most likely through brownfield expansions, to be sanctioned in the next
couple of years.
AI, power demand, and the new electricity economy
Ramping utility and data centre capex is driving investment in parts of the midstream sector,
spanning both traditional (eg, gas transportation pipelines) and less traditional (eg, behind-the-
meter power generation) parts of the value chain. With respect to the former, capex backlogs
3 September 2026
92
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 93]
are building for natural gas pipeline companies (eg, KMI, BWP, ET) and we expect financing to
include some debt, as balance sheets are generally healthy.
FIGURE 104. Investment grade midstream capex has been moving higher since the 2018-20
deleveraging cycle, and we expect further increases (LTM capex, $mn)
0
10,000
20,000
30,000
40,000
50,000
60,000
70,000
80,000
4Q14
4Q15
4Q16
4Q17
4Q18
4Q19
4Q20
4Q21
4Q22
4Q23
4Q24
4Q25
Source: Company reports, Barclays Research
To date, Williams has been the most active midstream credit in terms of behind-the-meter
generation, recently securing JV financing. Elsewhere in the sector, we see potential for "equity-
like" JV structures (often with embedded repurchase rights for the project sponsor) and hybrid
capital to maintain investment grade ratings while obtaining some equity credit (without
diluting common equity investors).
The race for capital
Within North American investment grade energy, we see capital needs to finance new gas
liquefaction capacity through 2030, for the build-out of pipelines to supply gas-fired
generation (with growth largely underpinned by AI and data centre needs), and for
working capital to support a more volatile commodity price backdrop amid energy
scarcity in certain parts of the value chain. In light of this, we think there are opportunities to
deploy both short- and long-duration capital into energy debt markets.
For US LNG, Figure 105, shows that greenfield project costs have moved to over $1,000/mtpa of
capacity. In general, project financing can range from 60% to 80% of a project, implying more
than $100bn of debt capital to be raised for the projects listed. Even though many of these have
already secured initial finance commitments, we expect term-outs in the bond market over
time, providing another opportunity for investors to commit capital.
FIGURE 105. More than $160bn of US LNG projects are under construction and/or have a final
investment decision; costs for greenfield projects have risen to over $1,000/mt
US LNG Projects
Budgeted Cost
($bn)
Nameplate
Capacity (mtpa)
Cost/mtpa
($mn)
Corpus Stage 3
7.5
10.4
719
Golden Pass
11.6
18.1
641
Louisiana LNG
15.9
16.5
964
Port Arthur LNG Phase 1
13.0
13.0
1,000
Port Arthur LNG Phase 2
14.0
13.0
1,077
Rio Grande Phase 1
12.0
18.0
667
Rio Grande Train 4
6.7
6.0
1,117
3 September 2026
93
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 94]
FIGURE 106. US LNG bond relative value: Some of the amortizing notes trade cheap (years to maturity/average life on x-axis; yield on y-axis, %)
VENTGL 6.25
VENLNG 7
SPLLLC 4.5
VEGLPL 6.125
CQP 4
VENLNG 8.375
FLEXIH 3.363
RIOLNG 5.25
CAMLNG 2.902
VENTGL 4.125
CQP 3.25
VENLNG 9.875
VEGLPL 7.5
CQP 5.95
VENTGL 3.875
VEGLPL 6.5
LNG 5.65
VEGLPL 6.5
CQP 5.75
VENLNG 6.375
CAMLNG 3.302
VEGLPL 7.75
CQP 5.55
VEGLPL 6.75
VENTGL 6
VENLNG 6.625
LNG 5.2
CQP 5.35
RIOLNG 5.75
SPLLLC 5
SPLLLC 5.9
CAMLNG 3.402
FLIQII 4.125
CAMLNG 3.701
FLQIII 5.55
FLEXIH 4.317
CHCOCH 2.742
CHCOCH 3.925
CHCOCH 4.8
FLIQII 5.92
FLIQII 6.17
RIOLNG 6.15
4.0
4.5
5.0
5.5
6.0
6.5
7.0
3
5
7
9
11
13
15
Notes: Amortizing structures are in bold.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
US LNG Projects
Budgeted Cost
($bn)
Nameplate
Capacity (mtpa)
Cost/mtpa
($mn)
Rio Grande Train 5
6.7
6.0
1,117
Venture Global CP2
29.0
20.0
1,450
Venture Global Plaquemines
24.0
20.0
1,200
Commonwealth LNG
13.0
9.5
1,368
Delfin Floating LNG
5.0
4.4
1,136
Sabine Pass Stage V Phase 1
4.7
6.0
782
Average
163.1
160.9
1,018
Source: Company reports, Barclays Research
Given our view that the global LNG market could overbuild capacity by 2030, existing projects
may offer some of the more attractive investment opportunities, as they were financed in less
competitive environments and may be structured more conservatively, with incumbency
benefits in terms of both operating track records and customer relationships. In particular, we
like amortizing structures, which often trade cheap because of the investment grade market's
preference for bullet maturities and index-eligible debt, but are better suited for opco-level
debt, which often includes contract cliffs. By owning amortizers, investors can reduce
refinancing risk, particularly as contract expiration dates approach.
Specifically, we like parts of the Freeport LNG structure, which was beset by operating issues
several years ago, but has been running consistently since then, has a tolling contract structure
(ie, no gas procurement risk), and offers yields that are often comparable to or higher than
those of bullet facilities. We recommend buying FLQIII 5.55s (2039 final, 2033 average life)
and/or FLIQII 5.92s (2039 final, 2035 average life), which offer roughly 6% yields for
relatively short-duration, opco credit.
One of the most active companies with respect to adding LNG capacity before 2030 is
Venture Global (VENLNG/VEGLPL/VENTGL), which has capacity ramping from its current
40mtpa to around 85mtpa in 2030. With Phase I of the Plaquemines facility expected to go
under contract during early 4Q26 (or late 3Q26) and Phase II in 3Q27, VG has more limited spot
exposure (91% of cargoes hedged/under contract in 2H26 and 75% for 2027) until the start-up of
currently under construction Calcasieu Pass 2 in early 2028 (or end of 2027). As global capacity
adds outpace estimated demand, spot margins are likely to be much lower than current levels.
3 September 2026
94
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 95]
The same will likely be true in 2029 and 2030, when spot margins based on current spreads are
even lower and in some cases not materially better than current contracted margins.
While this is not an immediate issue and these factors could revert, the VENLNG holdco bonds
have traded to a level that make the relative value to the two opco boxes a bit more challenging
given the longer-term headwinds. We recently downgraded the VENLNG holdco bonds to Market
Weight as a result. As can be seen from Figure 107, the holdco/opco spreads are trading tighter
than we have seen over the past two years, reflecting the market opportunity through 2027,
though perhaps not fully discounting the lower margins at the end of this decade. 
FIGURE 107. VENLNG holdco versus VEGLPL/VENTGL opco relative bond spreads
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
Aug-24
Nov-24
Feb-25
May-25
Aug-25
Nov-25
Feb-26
May-26
Aug-26
VENLNG
VEGLPL
VENTGL
Holdco vs Opco (blend) today = +65bps
Holdco vs Opco Avg past 2yrs = +135bp
Source: Bloomberg
Utilities and Power - US & Europe Equity views
Dominic Nash, PhD Barclays, UK  |  Nicholas Campanella BCI, US  |  Theresa Chen, CFA BCI, US
Europe
Why our sector matters
European utilities provide the electrons and power networks needed to supply an electrified
economy. After more than a decade of flat if not negative power demand growth, we have now
reached a fundamental inflection point. 2025 was the first year we have seen power demand
growth across Europe, and the first half of 2026 continued this trend. 
3 September 2026
95
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 96]
FIGURE 108. After a decade of flat power demand growth, Europe is
picking up...
FIGURE 109. ... and utilities expect this trend to continue
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
550
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Electricity demand (TWh)
France
Germany
Italy
Spain
UK
3.5%
3.0%
2.7%
2.5%
2.0%
2.8%
2.1%
-0.4%
3.9%
3.9%
0.2%
UK
France
Germany
Spain
Portugal
Italy
Long-term annual power demand growth
2025 achieved power demand growth
Source: EuroStat, UK Government DUKES data
Source: Barclays Research estimates, Utility company forecasts
Electrifications efforts have fundamentally changed Europe's power market, moving it from a
centralised system relying on a number of large scale, dispatchable power generation assets to
a decentralised system balancing countless smaller renewables with less power utilisation and
correlated, intermittent power generation. Renewables are not a reliable supply source at all
times of the day and have to be accompanied by dispatchable assets or batteries by design. In a
world with growing power demand, this is becoming increasingly evident.
We expect this growing power demand to affect all utility subsectors: It is driving up the value of
gas turbines, legacy gas-fired power plants and existing grid connections while accelerating
investment in both power transmission and distribution networks and keeping renewable
ambitions high.
Energy security and the return of capital
How energy security is changing capital allocation
We believe European utility capital allocation has undergone a notable shift away from a
singular focus on decarbonisation and towards a broader energy-security agenda. Within
Europe’s energy trilemma, security of supply and affordability have risen sharply in importance
following recent supply disruptions and grid availability shortcomings.
As a result, capital has been directed towards regulated networks, flexible generation, batteries,
inertia-providing assets and life extensions for existing nuclear capacity, rather than purely
maximising renewable deployment. We see this as a structural reallocation of value towards
assets that support system reliability and resilience, with integrated utilities emerging as the
primary beneficiaries given their exposure to networks, dispatchable generation and balancing
services. Tight reserve margins across several European markets, long lead times for new
thermal capacity, and concerns about system stability have been reinforcing investment in
assets that guarantee reliability of supply.
Effects on volatility
The combination of tighter reserve margins, growing dependence on weather-sensitive
renewable generation, rising power demand from electrification and data centres, and
heightened geopolitical risk means that commodity and power markets are becoming
structurally more sensitive to supply disruptions. Energy security is seeking to mitigate this. In
our view, Europe is moving from an era of surplus capacity towards one where security of
supply carries an increasing premium.
3 September 2026
96
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 97]
Winners and losers in a fragmented energy world 
Importantly, we do not view this volatility as uniformly negative for European utilities.
While volatility can create challenges for energy consumers, many utilities own assets and
infrastructure that become more valuable when markets tighten. We see increased volatility
creating a clear divergence between companies: utilities with merchant power exposure,
trading operations, storage assets and flexible generation fleets are well positioned to benefit,
especially as European utilities have virtually no direct exposure to disrupted Qatari LNG
volumes.
US exposure provides an additional buffer against volatility. We also see a strategic benefit
for European utilities with meaningful US operations, where even stronger power demand
growth is being driven by electrification and data centres. European utilities with US network
and generation exposure benefit from geographic diversification while participating in a market
where security-of-supply concerns are already translating into higher investment, capacity
additions and earnings growth. In our view, US exposure allows utilities to participate in a more
advanced version of the same security-driven investment cycle emerging in Europe, reducing
reliance on any single regulatory or commodity market.
AI, power demand and the new electricity economy
We believe AI and data centres are the most important new sources of structural electricity
demand for Europe, creating a step-change in utility investment requirements and long-term
growth. Our latest data centre tracker update identifies a pipeline of over 89GW of announced
datacentre capacity across Europe, with even partial delivery capable of materially tightening
European power balances, at a time when reserve margins are already under pressure.
In our view, this increases the value of dispatchable and flexible generation, particularly existing
gas-fired assets, as data-centre developers increasingly seek firm power supply because new
gas turbines are hard to obtain before 2030, as the US has already contracted over 100GW.
Higher and more persistent baseload demand should drive greater utilisation of thermal fleets
and support a normalisation of spark spreads, with front-of-the-meter data-centre connections
lifting baseload power prices meaningfully over time.
At a company-specific level, we see two primary utility opportunities to benefit from data
centres:
1. The sale of legacy sites with established grid connections and development rights: This
is the "simplest" way to capitalise, as it doesn't require any new developments. RWE
provided a compelling example last year (see our take here), having sold a 27ha site at its
former Didcot A power station to CloudHQ for €225mn (c.£7.3m/ha)while also indicating
that land, site infrastructure and grid connections can be worth c.€1m/MW. In our view, this
demonstrates that legacy thermal sites can create significant hidden value through
redevelopment and site monetisation.
2. We view co-location as an even larger long-term opportunity. Datacentre developers are
increasingly seeking direct access to reliable power. Existing power stations often benefit
from spare grid capacity, transmission connections, land banks and cooling infrastructure,
allowing utilities to host data centres alongside their flexible generation assets through a
direct private wire connection. In our view, this is beneficial for both DC developers and the
utility, as the former can access electricity at a much cheaper price (between wholesale and
retail level), while power plants can operate at higher utilisation, capturing more value.
3 September 2026
97
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 98]
FIGURE 110. European utilities raised more than €40bn in equity over the past three years
Utility
Date announced
Type of equity raise
Amount raised
Amount raised in €m
Initial share price
reaction*
Severn Trent
9/29/2023
Equity placing + retail offer
£1bn
1,163
4.4%
National Grid
5/23/2024
Rights issue
£7bn
8,140
-10.9%
Pennon
1/28/2025
Rights issue
£490m
570
1.2%
Elia
3/7/2025
€850m private placement + €1.35bn rights
issue
€2.2bn
2,200
17.1%
Italgas
4/10/2025
Rights issue
€1bn
1,000
1.3%
Iberdrola
7/23/2025
Private placing
€5bn
5,000
-4.7%
Orsted
8/11/2025
Rights issue
DKK60bn
7,800
-29.7%
SSE
11/12/2025
Equity placing + retail offer
£2bn
2,326
16.8%
Engie
2/27/2026
Private placing
€3bn
3,000
-2.0%
PPC
4/23/2026
Public offer in Greece + private placing
abroad
€4.25bn
4,250
-2.8%
Solaria
4/29/2026
Equity placing
€300m
300
-3.7%
United Utilities
4/30/2026
Equity placing + retail offer
£800m
930
11.1%
RWE
6/22/2026
Private placing
€4bn
4,000
0.1%
Total raised
40,678
* First market close post-announcement versus last market close pre-announcement.
Source: Company data, Bloomberg
The race for capital: financing and investment ideas
Where capital is needed and who can provide it
We believe the greatest capital requirements in European utilities are still concentrated in
regulated power networks and baseload power assets, but note that the sector has already
gone through a substantial funding cycle. Over the past three years, European utilities have
successfully raised over €40bn of equity through 13 capital raises, with all but one undertaken to
fund growth investment rather than balance sheet repair. We think the market's generally
positive reception to these transactions demonstrates that investors increasingly view utility
capital expenditure as value accretive rather than dilutive. We believe the sector has
transformed from what was traditionally perceived as a low-growth value sector capable of
delivering c.7-8% TSR into a growth sector with expected TSRs of roughly 11-12%.
Investment recommendations, separated by theme
• Preferred merchant-exposed power generators that are set to profit from increased power
prices: RWE, SSE, Drax, Engie, Centrica and Solaria (all OW).
• Trading-oriented utilities that are set to profit from increased commodity price volatility:
Centrica, Engie, RWE (all OW) and Naturgy (EW).
• Preferred AI and data-centre-exposed names (our 'Magnificent Eight'): Drax, Enel, Engie, RWE,
SSE and Solaria (all OW) plus Fortum and Naturgy (both EW).
• Cheap utilities with re-rating potential: United Utilities (OW), based on the UK water theme. 
US
The US utility and power sector is undergoing the largest demand shift since the invention
of air conditioning. This is driving several dynamics.
Acceleration in rate base growth: US utility capex increased steadily from 2016 to 2025
because of several structural drivers: grid hardening against extreme weather, replacement of
3 September 2026
98
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 99]
FIGURE 111. EEI industry capex 2015A-2029E ($bn)
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026E
2027E
2028E
2029E
Generation
Distribution
Transmission
Gas-Related
Regulatory Compliance
Other
Projected
Source: EEI
aging infrastructure, renewable buildout and interconnection spending, and smart grid and AMI
roll-outs. Lately, there has been a fresh wave of significant investment tied to data centres.
Given robust capex plans, the average company's five-year rate base growth forecast has
accelerated from a CAGR of less than 7% before 2025 to 10% now.
FIGURE 112. Rate base CAGR for 2026E-2030E
0.0%
2.0%
4.0%
6.0%
8.0%
10.0%
12.0%
14.0%
16.0%
18.0%
IDA
ETR
ATO
TXNM
PNW
LNT
AEP
FE
EVRG
SRE
HTO
WEC
AEE
D
CPK
DTE
AWK
DUK
CNP
XEL
OGE
PPL
CMS
PCG
WTRG
SO
NI
NEE
EXC
ED
AVA
HE
PEG
Source: Barclays Research, company reports
Affordability: Higher prices have broadly raised affordability risks for utilities nationally,
increasing regulatory uncertainty and political scrutiny across key jurisdictions. Recent
developments in Indiana, Texas and Pennsylvania are particularly notable.
• The Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC) has an ongoing affordability review that
could increase regulatory pressure on utilities through formal investigations into authorized
returns and rate design. The most significant proceeding is the ROE investigation, which will
examine whether the lower risk associated with performance-based ratemaking and multi-
year rate plans warrants lower allowed ROEs. A second investigation will review whether
utilities are effectively double recovering costs through trackers such as TDSIC while also
operating under multi-year rate plans, with the potential outcome of rolling trackers into
base rates to simplify customer bills. The IURC also recommended eliminating the 50bp RTO
3 September 2026
99
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 100]
adder. In addition, regulators are considering expanded oversight of utility mergers and
acquisitions at the holding company level and have been asked to provide guidance on how
pending TDSIC filings fit within the evolving regulatory framework.
• Texas recently delayed its Batch Zero process. Batch Zero is ERCOT's new system-wide
framework, approved by the Public Utility Commission of Texas (PUCT) in June 2026, for
studying and allocating transmission capacity to large load interconnection requests of 75MW
or greater, replacing the prior project-by-project review process. The delay of this process is
not only a reliability pause but also an affordability safeguard. On August 3, Governor Abbott
issued an audit directive, following his earlier June 10 letter instructing the PUCT and ERCOT
to structure large load interconnections so that data centre growth lowers, rather than raises,
residential bills. The core concern is forecast risk: if ERCOT commits transmission capacity to
speculative data centre projects that never materialize, the resulting stranded infrastructure
costs could flow through to residential and commercial ratepayers. PUCT Chairman Thomas
Gleeson has framed the agency's approach explicitly around ensuring that data centres must
fund their own transmission infrastructure while contributing to bill reduction. Separately,
there has been opposition in Texas to 765-kV Permian transmission lines. In addition to
landowner concerns, critics argue that the high cost of the projects (to flow through to
ratepayers) is unnecessary, stating that they believe lower-voltage alternatives or
incremental upgrades could meet reliability needs at a lower cost.
• Pennsylvania has also had significant affordability developments. Governor Shapiro has
spoken out about reducing utility returns. In April 2026, Exelon's PECO withdrew its rate case
request after Shapiro publicly demanded the pull-back on affordability grounds. The
concerns have also reached the legislature, as embodied in HB224, which would cap the ROE
as the 10-year US Treasury bond yield plus two percentage points. While the bill is not
expected to pass the Republican-controlled Senate, its introduction and passage in the
House exemplify the affordability concerns in PA.
Below, we show our rate affordability matrix by company, as well as residential rate increases
(10-year CAGR) by state.
3 September 2026
100
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 101]
FIGURE 113. Rate affordability matrix
Ticker
State
3Yr Average Residential 
Rate (cent/kWh)
Total Residential Sales 
(TWh)
Residential Customer 
Count
Average Customer 
Usage (kWh/month)
Average Customer Bill 
($/month)
Median Household 
Income ($/year)
Wallet Percentage (%)
ETR
LA/AR/TX, etc
12.4
36.3
2,596,043 
1,166 
145
64,693 
2.7%
SO
GA/AL/MS
15.4
49.3
3,919,624 
1,047 
161
74,400 
2.6%
NEE
FL
14.1
70.9
5,287,101 
1,118 
157
75,630 
2.5%
OGE
OK/AR
11.7
9.9
768,341 
1,071 
126
65,276 
2.3%
PNW
AZ
15.2
15.6
1,256,120 
1,034 
157
84,700 
2.2%
HE
HI
44.1
2.3
472,536 
405 
179
98,240 
2.2%
AEP
OH/OK/VA, etc
15.0
36.6
3,866,826 
790 
119
75,070 
1.9%
D
VA/SC/NC
14.1
39.0
3,188,589 
1,019 
143
91,828 
1.9%
PCG
CA
34.9
27.2
5,047,462 
449 
157
100,600 
1.9%
NI
IN
18.0
3.4
428,844 
662 
119
76,710 
1.9%
DTE
MI
19.4
15.1
2,067,758 
610 
118
79,460 
1.8%
CMS
MI
18.7
12.5
1,657,843 
628 
117
79,460 
1.8%
PPL
PA/KY/VA
14.7
18.6
2,154,127 
719 
105
72,041 
1.8%
DUK
NC/FL/IN, etc
14.1
65.3
7,409,922 
735 
104
72,973 
1.7%
EVRG
KS/MO
13.3
15.7
1,468,313 
892 
118
84,016 
1.7%
POR
OR
15.7
7.7
809,573 
796 
125
89,700 
1.7%
WEC
WI
17.7
10.8
1,493,175 
603 
107
82,560 
1.6%
IDA
ID/OR
11.4
6.0
539,849 
921 
105
81,902 
1.5%
AGR
NY/ME/CT
19.8
13.9
2,051,002 
565 
112
89,291 
1.5%
NWE
MT/SD
13.4
3.4
368,037 
760 
102
81,576 
1.5%
ED
NY/NJ
30.5
14.0
3,403,241 
342 
104
87,676 
1.4%
AEE
MO/IL
13.2
18.3
2,156,513 
708 
93
80,082 
1.4%
OTTR
ND/MN/SD
11.0
1.2
105,692 
926 
102
89,144 
1.4%
AVA
WA/ID/AK
10.9
4.2
361,606 
965 
105
92,113 
1.4%
BKH
SD/CO/WY
15.9
1.5
192,186 
638 
102
90,690 
1.3%
EIX
CA
29.8
19.5
4,599,981 
354 
105
100,600 
1.3%
XEL
MN/CO/TX
14.9
25.7
3,321,140 
645 
96
94,118 
1.2%
AES
IN/OH
13.8
6.5
945,460 
573 
79
77,563 
1.2%
ALE
MN/WI
14.5
1.1
138,968 
641 
93
91,566 
1.2%
MDU
ND/MT/WY
11.4
1.1
119,261 
766 
87
85,790 
1.2%
EXC
IL/PA/MD, etc
16.2
57.3
8,343,744 
572 
93
93,221 
1.2%
PEG
NJ
18.9
13.3
2,056,231 
541 
102
103,500 
1.2%
SRE
CA
42.3
3.9
1,499,139 
219 
93
100,600 
1.1%
ES
CT/NH/MA
28.3
11.4
2,910,129 
326 
92
104,168 
1.1%
FE
OH/NJ/PA, etc
14.3
36.9
6,000,000 
512 
73
85,918 
1.0%
TXNM
TX/NM
15.1
3.4
834,000 
339 
51
64,140 
1.0%
Source: Company data, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Standard & Poor's, Barclays Research
FIGURE 114. Residential rate increases by state
Source: EIA Data – Residential Bill CAGR 2024 from 2014, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
101
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 102]
Generation mix shift: Data centre growth has reshaped the utility sector's generation strategy.
The need for large amounts of reliable, around-the-clock generation has strengthened the case
for gas and is accelerating interest in nuclear. Gas gives utilities a relatively fast and flexible
source of firm generation, while nuclear provides high capacity factor, carbon-free power that
can support hyperscaler loads. At the same time, renewables remain an important part of
utilities' plans, but their intermittency makes them less suited to serving data centres on a
standalone basis, though they become more attractive when paired with storage.
Load growth: The outlook for utility load growth has changed materially as data centres have
shifted the industry from a long period of flat demand to sustained growth. We increasingly now
expect 4-5% long-term load growth across the sector, although the magnitude will vary by
utility and geography. Importantly, utilities are now planning significantly higher generation,
transmission and distribution investments in this higher-demand environment, creating longer-
duration capex opportunities. The key debate is no longer whether load will grow, but how
much of the announced data centre pipeline will ultimately materialize and when.
Higher financing needs: Higher load growth translates into the higher capital requirements
and, therefore, greater financing needs. This creates higher equity needs to maintain balance
sheet health and credit ratings. 
Top three current long-term Overweights 
• PPL Corp (PPL): We like PPL because it offers increasingly visible above-average EPS growth
(near the top end of 6-8%) with upside potential and has a robust economic development
pipeline and a strong balance sheet. The company recently identified a meaningful $10-12bn
of incremental capex opportunities through 2032, related to generation investments with the
Invitium JV (between PPL and Blackstone Infrastructure) and regulated Kentucky.
Management expects one or more commercial agreements with the JV by year-end and noted
that negotiations are progressing independently of PJM's RBP process. The data centre
pipeline for the utilities in Pennsylvania and Kentucky continues to advance. Pennsylvania
politics has weighed on the shares, but with the recent rate case settlement approved, we
think the company will be able to avoid a rate case for a while using the DSIC mechanism and
cost management. Prior to this rate case, PPL was able to stay out for ten years. The Invitium
JV is where the big updates are likely to come, and we think it represents an attractive
opportunity. Meanwhile the stock trades at a c.5% discount to peers based on 2028 P/E.
• Entergy Corp (ETR): While the stock trades at a 10-15% premium 2028 P/E multiple, we see
upside potential in the multiple given limited rate case risk and room for additional growth
beyond what is in the industry-leading EPS growth plan, such as 7GW of capacity open for
future customer growth from 2029 to 2031.
• Xcel Energy (XEL): We believe XEL’s current 5% discount 2028 P/E multiple exaggerates the
potential wildfire liability that could come from Smokehouse fire, while investors can own a
premium utility, management team, and balance sheet at a discount. Following the Marshall
settlement, investors can focus on XEL's premium attributes: balance sheet, RAB and
diversification. The Q2 call with XEL was positive, and management highlighted an increase
of additional investment pipeline from +$10bn to +$15bn based on MN IRP/RFP settlement
approval, SPS recommended portfolio, MISO Tranche 2.1, and SPP ITP portfolio.
3 September 2026
102
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 103]
FIGURE 115. Utility Communicated Data Centre Pipelines as a % of Total Capacity/Generation/Retail Sales by State
0%
50%
100%
150%
200%
250%
300%
350%
TX
WY
PA
GA
VA
IN
OH
WI
MI
IA
MD
WV
IL
OK
FL
KY
NC
MO
SD
LA
NJ
MN
MS
CA
CO
NM
AR
ND
Data Centers load: 
% of Capacity
% of Generation
% of Retail Sales
Source: Company reports
Utilities and Power - US, Europe & LatAm Credit views
Srinjoy Banerjee, CFA(i) BCI, US  |  Franck Bataille(i) BBI, Paris  |  Parikshit Budhe(i) Barclays, UK  | 
Stefan Fenistyk(i) BCI, US
US credit
The US regulated utility sector is seeing an acceleration in investment needs, driven by three
primary pillars:
1) Generational Shift in Load Growth: There has been a structural acceleration in load growth,
largely driven by data centre demand, where utilities have communicated multi-year high-
probability pipelines of 400GW (Leap in Data Centre Pipeline Drives Market Reform). 
2) Energy Transition/Resilience Spend: This depends on state-level priorities and regional
extreme weather exposure (storms, wildfires), with the federal focus de-emphasized under the
second Trump administration (see Taking stock of US power post-OBBB),
3) Electrification: While de-emphasized from a federal policy standpoint, the electrification of
vehicle fleets and buildings remains a key driver of investment at the state and city level. 
Affordability concerns
With stakeholders mindful of affordability, US state and federal policy is evolving, with input
from regulated utilities, to ensure that data centres pay for the investment needs. In practice,
this means utilities are looking for state regulators to approve special large load tariffs – see
Data Centres Drive Over 250GW Load Growth Opportunity. Components of these tariffs include
minimum capacity thresholds for large loads (typically 50-100MW), minimum contract
terms (often 15+ years, including a ramp-up period), minimum contract-capacity billing (eg,
80%+), and termination rules and collateral-posting requirements. 
3 September 2026
103
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 104]
FIGURE 116. US: Residential Utility Bills as a % Median Income
FIGURE 117. Meaningful Range of Utility Rates
32.54
26.39
19.30 17.69 17.30 16.96 15.47 15.24 14.73 14.02
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
CA
NY
PA
IL
US
OH
TX
FL
GA
NC
Cents/KWh
Top 10 states by population
Source: EIA
Source: EIA
FIGURE 118. Expected Increases in Aggregate Utility Capex 
FIGURE 119. Breakdown Split of US Utility Capex Spend in 2025
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026E
2027E
2028E
2029E
$bn
Distribution
32%
Transmission
18%
Generation
30%
Gas Related
14%
Other
6%
Source: EEI
Source: EEI
Regulated utility investment breakdown
We view the step-up in investment as manageable, with transmission and distribution (grid-
level) capex modest at this stage (~$150-300mn/GW). In certain cases, virtually no initial
investment may be required given existing spare grid capacity). Generation spend is greater
($2-3bn per GW), though with some key markets (ERCOT in Texas, PJM in Mid-Atlantic) de-
regulated, not all the investment need is for the utility sector. We expect there is a ~$50bn per
annum opportunity set from data centre development, compared to ~$250bn of annual sector
capex.
Diversification of funding needs
Combined with equity funding, along with growing cash flows and diversification of debt
funding, inclusive of Department of Energy loads, alternative currencies and products (eg,
convertibles), we think USD debt issuance needs will grow at a measured pace y/y (~$10-20bn/
year) – see En Route to a $1 Trillion IG Utility Index. Accordingly, we estimate $140bn of US
Utility funding needs for 2026 (with ~70% complete YTD). Utilities have also been utilizing
hybrid capital, which benefits from 50% equity treatment. 
3 September 2026
104
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 105]
4 https://gov.texas.gov/news/post/governor-abbott-directs-comprehensive-data-center-audit
5 https://www.pa.gov/content/dam/copapwp-pagov/en/governor/documents/
eo2026_05_protecting%20pennsylvania%20consumers%20from%20data%20center%20impacts_final_executed.pdf
FIGURE 120. Cadence of 2026 Utility Issuance versus Prior Years
FIGURE 121. Hybrid Issuance Capacity for Large Cap Utilities 
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
2016-22
2023
2024
2025
2026 YTD
Source: Barclays Research
Source: Company Reports, Barclays Research
Merchant power structurally improved
We view the merchant power market as structurally well positioned over the next 3-4 years
given a supply -demand imbalance driven by higher data centre power demand and lack of
incentives (and supply chain constraints) to build out more merchant generation capacity. The
2028-29 PJM capacity auction result, the third consecutive auction to clear the cap, with a 6.8GW
shortfall versus PJM's targeted 20% reserve margin reliability target, is clear evidence of that. 
The substantial pipeline of interconnection requests is driving an uptick in market reform
efforts in both ERCOT and PJM. At ERCOT, the batch process is used to group large projects
(75MW or more of peak demand) into a single study so it can assess electricity demand
additions and transmission upgrades. ERCOT is assessing 438GW of large load requests (89%
from data centres), compared to peak load of ~91GW. At PJM, there are a mix of near-term
("connect and manage" and the reliability backstop auction) and long-term (market structure,
facilitating long-term bilateral contracts) changes being proposed. There is also push back at
the state level, for example Texas Governor Abbott's data centre audit4  and Pennsylvania
Governor Shapiro's focus on greater guardrails for data centre development,5  though both
appear to stop short of a moratorium, and both states face gubernatorial elections in
November. We expect these efforts to accelerate refinement of the exceptional load pipelines
into more realistic load growth prospects. 
3 September 2026
105
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 106]
FIGURE 122. PJM Capacity Prices
FIGURE 123. PJM and ERCOT Power Prices 
$120 
$165 
$100 
$77 
$140 
$50 
$34 
$29 
$270 
329
333
325
2017/18
2018/19
2019/20
2020/21
2021/22
2022/23
2023/24
2024/25
2025/26
2026/27
2027/28
2028/29
$/ MW-Day
Prices for Calendar Year 2027
Source: PJM
Source: Bloomberg
Investment recommendations
• Overweight Vistra (VST): We think VST is on a solid upgrade path to mid-BBB by year-end
2027, as it continues to benefit from power demand growth tailwinds and sluggish supply.
Management is charting a pathway to low-2x leverage by year-end 2027, well below the 3x
upgrade threshold set by S&P and Fitch. Importantly, unlike regulated utilities that need to
invest into the load growth narrative, VST can benefit from higher margins on its incumbent
fleet due to greater scarcity of power resources. 
• Underweight NextEra Energy (NEE): We view NextEra as committed to its credit ratings, and
we expect rating agencies to maintain their credit rating following the Dominion acquisition.
That being said, NEE, pro forma for Dominion, will become one of the largest corporate
tickers in the HG Index (we calculate second largest corporate ticker after ORCL, albeit broken
into five different entities). With NEE intending to issue all future holdco debt for the
combined entity (including Dominion Holdco refi), we expect persistent funding needs to
weigh on spreads such that it trades wide relative to its rating level. 
European HG Utilities: Financial innovation required to fund super
powered Europe
Franck Bataille BBI, Paris | Parikshit Budhe Barclays, UK
As outlined in our EU HG Utilities & Energy 2026 Outlook: Your Country Needs You!,
European utilities are entering a new investment super cycle, driven by electrification, energy-
security requirements and the need to reinforce critical power infrastructure. Beyond
renewable deployment, the binding constraint is shifting towards additional baseload needs,
networks, system resilience and financeability. In our view, the next phase of the European
energy transition will be defined less by technology choice and more by the ability to fund,
permit and deliver strategic infrastructure while preserving investment-grade balance sheets.
From renewables to networks, the strategic shift is accelerating, but baseload
investment remains needed
The first phase of the European transition was largely focused on building out renewable
capacity. The next phase is increasingly about making the system investable, connected and
reliable. Grid connection queues, transmission bottlenecks and rising system-balancing
requirements have made networks the critical constraint, with utilities reallocating capital
towards regulated transmission and distribution assets. This is not simply a decarbonisation
3 September 2026
106
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 107]
FIGURE 124. Achieved power demand growth (2015-2025)
FIGURE 125. Forecasted long-term annual power demand growth
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
550
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025
Electricity demand (TWh)
France
Germany
Italy
Spain
UK
3.5%
3.0%
2.7%
2.5%
2.0%
2.8%
2.1%
-0.4%
3.9%
3.9%
0.2%
UK
France
Germany
Spain
Portugal
Italy
Long-term annual power demand growth
2025 achieved power demand growth
Source: Barclays Equity Research
Source: Barclays Equity Research
FIGURE 126. Network capex allocation: national power transmission plans
Country
Document
Document
publication
Investment
Investment
window
Implied annual
investment
Germany
2023 Federal Network Development Plan
12-Jun-23
€350bn
2024-45
€16.7bn pa
2025 Federal Network Development Plan (2nd draft)
16-Mar-26
€365-392bn
2025-45
€18.5-19.5bn pa
UK
2025 RIIO-T3 Final Determination
4-Dec-25
€76bn
Mar 2026 - Mar
2031
€15.2bn pa
France
2019 Strategic Development Plan for the French
transmission grid (SDDR)
17-Sep-19
€33bn
2020-35
€2.2bn pa
2025 Strategic Development Plan for the French
transmission grid (SDDR)
14-Feb-25
€100bn
2025-40
€6.7bn pa
Spain
2025 Draft Network Development Plan
12-Sep-25
€13.59bn
2025-30
€2.7bn pa
Italy
2025 Grid Development Plan
14-Mar-25
€23bn+
2025-34
€2.6bn pa
Belgium
Federal Network Development Plan
5-May-23
€9bn+
2024-34
€0.9bn pa
Source: Barclays Research
story. Electrification, AI-related power demand and security-of-supply objectives all require a
materially larger, more resilient and more flexible grid.
Networks, however, are only part of the solution. Rising power demand, growing system-
balancing requirements and declining dispatchable capacity are reinforcing the need for
baseload generation alongside grid investment. While Europe has added significant renewable
capacity over the past decade, current market-price signals remain insufficient to support large-
scale investment in new generation without regulatory support or risk-sharing mechanisms. As
a result, network expansion, storage, flexibility assets and derisked baseload investments are
increasingly moving to the forefront of utility capex plans.
From a credit perspective, the shift is constructive but capital-intensive. Regulated networks
and regulated/derisked generation offer stronger earnings visibility, lower commodity exposure
and better cash-flow predictability than merchant generation, but they also require sustained
upfront investment. While Europe knows what needs to be built, the key question is whether
supportive regulation, robust risk-sharing schemes and efficient market design can be
implemented so that the sector can finance and deliver this investment cycle in a well balanced
manner.
3 September 2026
107
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 108]
6 See "Credit view: New nuclear requires state support and regulatory derisking", from the broader note
FIGURE 127. Stoxx 600 Power & Gas Utilities: Bloomberg consensus
EBITDA (€ bn) and leverage (x) forecast
FIGURE 128. Stoxx 600 Power & Gas Utilities: Bloomberg consensus
capex forecast (€ bn)
0.0x
0.5x
1.0x
1.5x
2.0x
2.5x
3.0x
3.5x
4.0x
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026E 2027E 2028E 2029E
(x)
€ bn
Sector cumulative EBITDA (€ bn)
Sector cumulative Net leverage (x)
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025 2026 E 2027E 2028E 2029E
€ bn
Iberdrola
Enel
National Grid
Engie
E.ON
RWE
SSE
Veolia
Terna
EDP
Others
Note: data is based on Bloomberg consensus – includes companies in the Stoxx 600
Power & Gas Utilities index
Note: data is based on Bloomberg consensus – includes companies in the Stoxx 600
Power & Gas Utilities index
Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Barclays Research
Financeability becomes the key credit differentiator
European utilities are entering a more capital-intensive phase. Network expansion and
additional baseload needs are driving a sustained increase in sector capex, while leverage is
already trending higher across much of the sector. As a result, investment needs are rising at a
time when rating headroom remains finite.
This is making financeability an increasingly important consideration. The key challenge is no
longer identifying investment opportunities, but ensuring utilities can fund them while
maintaining access to capital markets and preserving investment-grade ratings. In our
view, future investment decisions will increasingly be assessed through the lens of balance-
sheet capacity, regulatory visibility and funding flexibility.
The response is already visible across the sector. Utilities have increasingly turned to equity
raises, hybrid capital, asset recycling and disciplined capital allocation to strengthen balance
sheets ahead of the investment cycle. Recent actions by National Grid, Iberdrola, SSE, EnBW,
Elia and others illustrate a growing focus on preserving financial flexibility rather than allowing
leverage to absorb the full burden of investment.
From project support to public/private ownership solutions – the New Utility
financing playbook
The scale of Europe's utility investment cycle is expanding the financing toolkit. Traditional
debt funding remains important, but increasingly sits alongside equity raises, hybrid capital,
project-level support mechanisms and direct state intervention. The common objective is
preserving financeability while enabling private investment in strategic infrastructure.
• Sizewell C illustrates project-level risk sharing6 . The UK framework combines a regulated
asset base (RAB) model with government liquidity support, contingent financing
arrangements and other protections designed to improve project financeability and reduce
funding risk.
• CEZ and EDF illustrate alternative ownership and funding solutions. In 2025, the Czech
state acquired an 80% stake in the Elektrárna Dukovany II nuclear project and approved state
3 September 2026
108
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 109]
7 Refer to the 'European Utilities & Energy' section of the broader publication, European Hybrid Capital - Corporate
Hybrids: Summer Heat
FIGURE 129. New utility financing options
Funding model
Example
Credit relevance
Corporate-level state guarantee
TenneT Netherlands
Protects market access and funding capacity
Project ownership + state funding
Dukovany II / CEZ
Transfers project funding risk away from the utility
Ownership restructuring
CEZ proposed separation
Balances strategic control with access to private capital
Full nationalisation
EDF
Direct state control of strategic infrastructure
RAB model + government support
Sizewell C
Improves project financeability and reduces funding risk
Source: Barclays Research
financing for construction, effectively removing project funding obligations and contingent
liabilities from CEZ. More recently, the government has backed plans to separate generation
from distribution and customer-facing activities, potentially creating a structure that would
allow greater state control over strategic generation assets while retaining access to private
capital through regulated and retail businesses.
Meanwhile, EDF represents the most direct form of intervention. France completed the full
nationalisation of EDF in 2023 by acquiring the remaining minority stake, giving the state full
ownership of one of Europe's most strategically important nuclear operators. The French
government has also committed to fund around 50% of future new-build nuclear investment,
further strengthening EDF's financeability as it enters a major baseload investment cycle.
Together, EDF and CEZ demonstrate how governments can move along a spectrum of
intervention, from project-level ownership and funding support to broader corporate
ownership solutions.
• TenneT is the clearest grid example. The Dutch model goes beyond traditional project
financing, with the Kingdom of the Netherlands providing an institutional state-guarantee to
TenneT Netherlands (TENNNL) and supporting funding capacity at the operating-company
level. The transaction ultimately resulted in guarantee-eligible bonds being upgraded to AAA/
Aaa, illustrating how state support can be used to protect market access and facilitate large-
scale grid investment.
While the mechanisms differ, the direction of travel is similar. TenneT protects corporate
funding capacity, Sizewell C derisks project delivery, CEZ combines project ownership
support with a potential restructuring of strategic assets, while EDF demonstrates full
state ownership. Together, these examples suggest that financeability is increasingly
becoming a policy objective in its own right, with governments adopting a broader range
of tools to support strategic energy infrastructure.
Investment recommendations
• Overweight EDF (EDF): Within our coverage, EDF remains a preferred core holding7 . The
transition from recovery to execution is well underway, but we continue to see EDF as one of
the strongest examples of the broader financeability theme discussed above. Full state
ownership, a formal leverage framework, improving regulatory visibility and risk-sharing
mechanisms around future nuclear investment provide a supportive backdrop as the group
enters a capex-intensive phase. In our view, EDF is particularly well positioned to navigate the
infrastructure cycle while maintaining investment-grade metrics.
• Overweight TenneT Holding (TENN): As detailed in European Utilities - TenneT: 3D glasses
needed, TenneT is one of the clearest examples of how utilities are adapting ownership,
3 September 2026
109
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 110]
funding and support frameworks to preserve investment-grade ratings through a period of
elevated infrastructure investment.
Following the restructuring, the Dutch business benefits from a sovereign-backed funding
platform and state guarantee, while TenneT Germany has secured committed equity support
and a standalone investment-grade financing framework. Against this backdrop, we remain
OW on TenneT Holding, where the hybrids represent the only debt remaining at the HoldCo
level, with no new HoldCo issuance expected through 2030 and supportive liability-
management dynamics. While we are MW on both TENNNL and TENNGR (OpCos), we
continue to see value in selected unguaranteed TENNNL bonds.
• Underweight Naturgy (NTGYSM): As detailed in Revisiting single-name views: mid-year 2026
update, we are UW on Naturgy. The balance sheet remains solid and event risk has eased
following the reduction in private equity ownership. However, a lower-growth, gas-heavy
business mix, limited EBITDA expansion and a shareholder-focused financial policy leave the
credit less well positioned for the next phase of Europe's infrastructure cycle. With spreads
now broadly aligned with BBB fair value following the repricing of restructuring risk, we see
limited scope for further compression versus peers with stronger network and electrification
exposure.
LatAm credit
Unlike other regions, Latin America's energy-security challenge is less about securing fuel
imports and more about maintaining reliability. Renewables account for roughly 60% of the
region's power mix, among the highest shares globally, leaving most countries relatively well
positioned from a resource perspective. Instead, energy security is shifting towards the ability to
move electricity from resource-rich regions to demand centres and maintain system reliability
during climate-related disruptions. Mexico remains a key exception given its reliance on US
natural-gas imports.
We view the next decade of investment as directed less toward new generation capacity and
more toward transmission expansion, storage deployment, and grid resilience. Across several
countries, the principal constraint is the ability to deliver electricity rather than generate it.
Transmission bottlenecks, renewable curtailment, and climate volatility are becoming the key
drivers of investment needs.
The challenges vary by market. Mexico remains exposed to natural-gas imports from the US and
faces growing transmission constraints in industrial regions. Chile has abundant renewable
resources but requires additional storage and grid infrastructure to reduce curtailment and
support reliability. Colombia's hydro-dominant system is increasingly exposed to drought risk,
while Brazil's rapid renewable buildout is creating transmission and congestion challenges that
require significant network investment.
Chile
Chile is simultaneously one of the world’s most renewable-heavy markets, though curtailment
remains a key issue. Chile’s power system is well advanced in the transition from fossil fuels
generation to renewables: renewables account for close to 70% of generation and the country
has committed to retire all coal by 2040. However, this decarbonization is colliding with grid
geography. Chile's main investment need is increasingly storage and transmission rather than
additional renewable generation. Solar and wind are concentrated in resource-rich zones away
from central demand, and new solar projects face curtailment during times of peak supply.
BESS is therefore becoming the nearer-term monetization tool for the utilities. The country has
approved and under-construction BESS projects totaling about 2.6GW, though the system
operator’s long-term diagnostic points to at least 6.9GW of additional BESS need by 2044.
3 September 2026
110
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 111]
Hydro variability and gas sourcing are also important to the country’s energy security.
Prolonged droughts threaten Chilean hydropower output and resilient grids are a core pillar of
its 2050 transition roadmap. Chile also has 5.3GW of installed gas-fired capacity and is a net
importer of natural gas. We think that Argentina’s Vaca Muerta could change Chile’s supply
calculus. Argentina’s resource base and planned transport look to be more sufficient for Chile’s
incremental flexible-power and industrial-gas needs.
Within our coverage, Enel Chile has already exited the coal business, and has long-term LNG
contracts with Shell and access to Argentina gas imports to provide backup generation during
renewables shortfalls. The company is heavily focused on battery project with additional
storage under development. Engie Energia Chile retired coal capacity in 2025 and is moving its
generation towards renewables, storage, and gas. A previous mismatch between generation
and contracted supply led to a high reliance on spot-market energy purchases, but the company
is increasingly self-sufficient in generation by letting existing contracts lapse and building
generation. Colbun is careful to only retire thermal assets when the grid can absorb more
renewables, and is focusing on storage projects to address intermittency issues with
renewables.
Mexico
Mexico is highly dependent on US natural gas, with over 60% of the generation mix from natural
gas and the country heavily reliant on gas imports from the US. CFE itself is heavily exposed to
natural gas, though it has expanded its hedging program following the 2021 Texas freeze. Other
key themes are nearshoring and state-led energy policy. The state is not retreating from a
centralized energy policy under the current Sheinbaum administration. Mexico’s 2025-30
electricity plan foresees around MXN624.6bn of investment, including MXN424.6bn in
generation, MXN124.5bn in transmission and MXN72.5bn in distribution, with mixed-investment
generation maintaining 54% CFE participation within the generation market, while CFE
maintains its monopoly on transmission and distribution. These efforts will keep CFE dominant
within the Mexican electricity market. The private sector now has greater clarity on the mixed-
schemes for the generation segment, which are critical to expanding generation capacity in the
country without encumbering CFE’s balance sheet. CFE will contribute items in kind such as
permits, land, or other potentially non-cash items to maintain its majority stake in projects. CFE
has already received >200 proposals from private developers for projects.
The IPP universe is positioned differently than CFE. FIEMEX (the former Iberdrola portfolio
acquired by Mexico Infrastructure Partners) effectively functions as an extension of the state's
generation fleet, providing CFE with access to a large portfolio of combined-cycle assets located
near industrial demand centres. Valia remains one of the most CFE-linked private generators,
with approximately 99% of contracted capacity tied to CFE and meaningful recontracting
exposure. Saavi is more diversified, with exposure to other customers via the wholesale and
private counterparties markets, gas compression, and California power exports, while still
benefiting from long-duration contracted generation assets with CFE such as Tierra Mojada.
New issuer Cox is pursuing opportunities under the new mixed-investment structure and
appears focused on growing generation. Other infrastructure providers such as Esentia remain
critical to the system because they own the natural gas transportation backbone connecting the
Permian Basin to Mexico's major industrial and power-generation centres. Roughly 80% of
Esentia's revenues are ultimately linked to CFE, underscoring CFE’s dominance within the
electricity market.
Mexico offers high demand visibility but lower regulatory optionality. Estimates of electricity
reserve margins during times of peak national demand have periodically fallen below 3%,
which indicate very low slack in the Mexican electricity system. Northern and Bajio industrial
growth is the demand engine, but the constraint is transmission and deliverability with these
3 September 2026
111
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 112]
areas having electricity demand growth but transmission expansion lagging. One major hurdle
for the country’s nearshoring efforts include getting power to where it is needed rather than
aggregate generation alone, especially for northern border and central industrial states.
Lastly, the country also has faced challenges with hydro generation during the dry season and
during droughts, though El Niño does not have a strong causality on the electricity market
compared to Colombia.
Colombia
Colombia faces one of the largest energy-security concerns in the region: a hydro-dominant
system that is facing climate volatility and declining domestic gas flexibility. Hydro accounts for
about 75% of Colombia’s generation, though the recent El Niño event in early 2024 drove
reservoir levels to 28.6% by April of that year, only marginally above the 27% rationing-risk
threshold. During that time period, hydropower output fell by more than 25% y/y, gas-fired
generation and LNG imports rose significantly.
The new Hidroituango dam by EPM reduces but does not eliminate the security problem, since
the country is exposed to severe drought events. The project is 2.4GW of generation capacity. At
full operation, the project is expected to supply 13% of Colombia’s energy depending on
hydrology and demand growth. The project is currently operating at half capacity with four of
eight units online and the second stage due by 2027. Gas is the marginal reliability fuel source
for the country, but imported LNG economics are painful in dry years. Domestic gas production
is declining, increasing the reliance on imports. Venezuelan gas is a potential long-term option,
but a pipeline between the two countries is currently stalled.
Brazil
Brazil benefits from the broadest scale in the region plus regulated infrastructure depth. Brazil’s
electricity mix is almost 90% renewable, which is largely hydropower though with increasing
contributions from other sources. Wind and solar together provide around 25% of generation.
However, the country is facing increasing solar curtailment and transmission congestion
relating to the rollout of these assets. Droughts have similarly impacted hydrological
generation, which has impacted dispatch and power prices.
The country has focused on a broader transmission buildout to accommodate renewables
growth and reduce congestion between resources and demand centres. The regulator, ANEEL,
has a clear framework including inflation-linked, availability-style transmission cash flows,
which has attracted investment into the sector. Axia Energia is the largest power company in
LatAm. After its privatization from a state-owned company, the company has been simplifying
its corporate structure, reducing contingent liabilities, improving operating efficiency, and
accelerating investment in transmission. The company has ~44GW of installed generation
capacity and nearly 75,000km of transmission lines, Axia is pursuing regulated transmission
revenues and grid modernization to support long-term earnings growth integrating increasing
volumes of renewable generation. The company is also migrating its hydro generation from
legacy quota contracts into the free power market.
Asia Pacific Credit views
Jit Ming Tan, CFA(i) Barclays Bank, Singapore  |  Avanti Save, CFA(i) Barclays Bank, Singapore  | 
Imtiaz Shefuddin(i) Barclays Bank, Singapore  |  Sarah Beh(i) Barclays Bank, Singapore  | 
Roanna Chau(i) Barclays Bank, Hong Kong  |  Ying Zhang(ii) Barclays Bank, Hong Kong
3 September 2026
112
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 113]
8 World Energy Outlook 2025, International Energy Agency
Why our sector matters
Asia Pacific is the largest consumer of energy globally, accounting for 44% of global demand in
2024 and growing, according to the IEA8 . The agency estimates that Asia's share will reach
46-47% by 2050, keeping the continent as the key driver of global energy demand for the
foreseeable future.
Within Asia, China will likely remain the largest consumer of energy in Asia in 2050. However,
demand growth (8-16%) is expected to lag the broader region's 26-39% estimates. Instead, the
IEA expects India and Southeast Asia to be the growth engines in Asia: India's demand is
expected to grow 80-106% by 2050, with Southeast Asia's expected to grow 63-80%.
The IEA expects China's energy consumption growth to decelerate due to a combination of
slower GDP growth expectations, a shift in growth from energy-intensive heavy industries such
as steel and cement towards services and high value-added manufacturing, improved energy
efficiencies, and a shrinking population. Under the IEA's Stated Policies Scenario, China's
energy consumption is expected to peak in 2035 and plateau thereafter.
In contrast, energy demand growth in India, which is expected to be the largest globally, will be
propelled by rising economic activity. This reflects India's being in an earlier stage of
industrialisation than China, and the IEA expects its GDP to grow 6.1% annually to 2035.
Population growth, infrastructure build-out, urbanisation, improved access to electricity and
growing affluence will also contribute to energy demand growth.
Similarly in Southeast Asia, energy demand is expected to be driven by economic growth, rising
affluence and population growth. This is supported by its position as an alternative
manufacturing hub to China, still-rising urbanisation rates, and progress towards universal
electricity access.
FIGURE 130. Asia Pacific expected to remain the largest consumer of energy
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
Asia Pacific
North
America
Central and
South
America
Europe
Africa
Middle East
Eurasia
Rest of World
EJ
2024
2035E
2050E
Note: 2035 and 2050 estimates are based on current policies.
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
3 September 2026
113
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 114]
FIGURE 131. China remains the largest energy consumer in Asia...
FIGURE 132. ...but India and Southeast Asia will be the growth
engines
China
56%
India
17%
Japan
6%
Southeast 
Asia
10%
Rest of Asia
11%
China
47%
India
24%
Japan
4%
Southeast 
Asia
14%
Rest of Asia
11%
Asia's energy demand in 2024.
Asia's estimated energy demand in 2050.
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
Source: IEA, Barclays Research
Energy security and the return of capital
How is energy security changing capital allocation in each sector?
Key Asian countries are net importers of energy; in particular, Japan, the Philippines, Singapore,
Korea, and Taiwan depend entirely on imports of oil and gas (Figure 133), with significant
portions supplied from the Middle East.
FIGURE 133. Asia is broadly a net importer of energy
-8%
-6%
-4%
-2%
0%
2%
4%
Thailand
Korea
Singapore
Vietnam
Taiwan
Philippines
Japan
India
China
Indonesia
Malaysia
% of GDP
Crude oil
Refined oil
Petroleum gas (excl LNG)
LNG
Other petroleum products
Net oil related exports
Note: We used HS codes 2709 for crude oil. 2710 for refined oil, 2711 excluding 271111 for petroleum gas, 271111 for LNG,
and 2712 and 2713 as other petroleum products. India, Taiwan, Vietnam, and Philippines data are as of 2024.
Source: US ITC, Barclays Research
Asian countries have been able to overcome the near-term effects of oil and gas supply
disruptions in the Middle East by sourcing alternative, higher-priced cargoes from other regions
(the US, Africa and Asian energy exporters) and measures to reduce energy consumption. Asian
countries have also substituted towards coal by raising the utilisation rates of existing coal-fired
plants and restarting previously idled nuclear ones.
Longer term, we expect Asian countries to diversify their energy sources by: 
• Reducing their dependence on energy products from the Middle East by diversifying
purchases to other countries. The US, Australia and Africa will likely be beneficiaries of this
3 September 2026
114
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 115]
9 Asia Pacific Upstream 2026: Offshore Projects Ramp Up as Frontier Drilling Returns, 2 March 2026, Offshore Engineer
10 Asia’s Gas Shock Playbook: Coal, Curtailment, and Competing for LNG, 9 April 2026, The Center on Global Energy Policy at
Columbia University
shift. Singapore is also likely to benefit as a key transshipment and refining hub for fuel
products;
• Extending the useful lives of existing coal-fired plants and/or building new ones; and
• Increasing investments in renewable energy and nuclear power plants.
Australia a potential source of supply
The pivot away from Middle East energy supplies will encourage exploration and development
activities, although realistically, there are few large opportunities available in the region.
Australia stands out as a potential source of new supply. It is already a key exporter of LNG to
Asian countries, particularly in North Asia. Australia's largest upstream oil and gas
operators, Woodside Energy (Market Weight) and Santos (Overweight), have projects that have
come online recently or will do so over the next two years that will provide incremental supplies
to the region in the near term (Barossa, Pikka, Scarborough, and Trion). Woodside is also
developing the Louisiana LNG Project (LLNG) in the US and targeting first LNG in 2029. The
majority of LLNG's future output has not been committed to-date.
Over a longer period, Woodside and Santos have developmental projects where the Final
Investment Decisions (FID) could be brought forward: Browse, NWS Project Extension and
Sunrise for Woodside; Beetaloo, Narrabri, Bedout Basin and Papua LNG for Santos.
Environmental challenges and evolving regulations in response to energy security, including a
potential scheme in Australia to reserve 20% of gas production for domestic use, will need to be
considered as well.
If/when these projects are approved, the companies will likely require a combination of debt
and equity funding, with detrimental effects on shareholder returns and credit quality.
Southeast Asia another potential source of oil and gas supply
Exploration and development activities in Indonesia, Malaysia and Vietnam are also potential
sources of greenfield supply9 . However, these projects are likely to be focused on strengthening
domestic energy supply, with smaller proportions allocated towards exports.
On a smaller scale, Asian corporates have also acquired minority stakes in existing energy
companies or producing assets either to benefit from the heightened focus on energy security
or to secure energy supplies for their own use. These acquisitions have tended to be funded
internally.
Clearly, Asian countries and corporates will allocate more capital to secure energy resources.
Coal power extension to benefit local producers and exporters of seaborne coal
In response to recent energy supply disruptions, South Korea lifted restrictions over coal power
plants' utilisation rates and delayed the planned retirement of three coal-fired plants, while
Taiwan sought to restart a retired coal-fired plant10 . At the same time, China, India and
Indonesia continue to construct new coal-fired plants.
The latter have substantial domestic coal supplies to support their power plants, although
China and India also rely on seaborne coal imports and are among the largest buyers globally.
3 September 2026
115
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 116]
11 Asia’s Proposed Coal Projects May Reverse Recent Declines, Significantly Increasing Methane Emissions, 18 August 2025,
EnergyTrackerAsia
12 China Aims to Boost Renewable Energy Consumption 53% by 2030, 23 July 2026, Bloomberg
All three countries have also continued to develop new coal mines, with China and India
accounting for over 90% of new coal mine developments in Asia, according to
EnergyTrackerAsia11 .
We expect these to be funded domestically through a combination of internal funds, state
support and long-term lending led by policy banks, alongside major commercial banks.
Chinese authorities generally support such developments through policy facilitation, rather
than direct fiscal investment, including expedited approvals, infrastructure provisions, and
coordination with financial institutions.
Within Asia Pacific, Australia and Indonesia are the key exporters of thermal coal. However,
there have been fewer greenfield thermal coal projects in Australia and Indonesia to date.
Offshore funding is often difficult due to concerns over carbon emissions, although onshore
funding channels remain open in Indonesia.
Renewables and nuclear as longer-term solutions
Asian countries have ambitious goals to grow their non-fossil fuel energy sources in order to
address energy security concerns, meet growth in energy demand, and reduce carbon
emissions.
China seeks to increase the share of non-fossil fuels to 25% by 2030 and more than 30% by
2035. 
In its 15th Five-Year Plan for Renewable Energy Development (2026-30), released on 23 July,
China targets about 3.5TW of installed renewable power capacity and 6,000TWh of annual
renewable electricity generation by 2030, with combined wind and solar capacity exceeding
2.8TW, up from about 1.84TW in 2025, accounting for more than half of the country's installed
power generation capacity. The plan also targets renewable energy consumption of
approximately 1.8bn tonnes of standard coal equivalent (tce) by 2030, up from about 1.18bn tce
in 2025, while placing greater emphasis on grid flexibility, storage and system reliability to
improve renewable energy utilisation and support peak demand12 .
China's ability to execute its renewables roll-out at speed is underpinned by the country's
dominance in the renewables value chain: it controls over 80% of installed manufacturing
capacity for solar PVs and 70% for wind turbine blades. We expect the necessary investment to
be funded primarily through internal funds, preferential green loans, and capital market
instruments, including green bonds and renewable energy REITs. Government support is likely
to be concentrated on policy facilitation, power grid and related infrastructure development,
and initiatives to improve renewable energy integration and system reliability.
India's strong demand for energy means it will likely need more of every source. 
Its renewable energy sector continues to play a central role in the country’s clean-energy build-
out and remains relatively defensive, supported by strong policy backing and long-term
contracted cash flows. India is targeting 500GW of non-fossil fuel power generation capacity by
2030 and 50% of the generation mix to be renewable or non-fossil-based capacity. Installed
renewable energy capacity totalled 274.7GW at end-March 2026. This included 150.3GW of solar
and 56.1GW of wind generation capacity. Renewable capacity additions in FY26 totalled 54.6GW,
up 24.8% y/y, and included 44.6GW of solar (+42.2% y/y) and 6.1GW of wind (+12.2% y/y).
Capacity towards rooftop solar also increased in FY26, with 8.7GW added under PM Surya Ghar
3 September 2026
116
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 117]
13 Year wise Achievements, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy
14 A New Chapter in India's Nuclear Journey, 7 April 2026, Government of India
15 Expenditure Budget 2026-2027, February 2026, Government of India
Muft Bijli Yojana in FY26; this was a 51% increase y/y13 . The scheme is aimed at accelerating
residential solar adoption through government-backed subsidies.
Although capacity additions continue at pace, and the focus is shifting towards grid readiness,
storage deployment and the roll-out of firm and dispatchable renewable energy (FDRE).
India’s support for nuclear energy is also increasing through the Nuclear Energy Mission, which
includes INR200bn for the development of small modular reactors (SMRs) and targets at least
five indigenously developed SMRs by 2033. In addition, India has outlined a long-term nuclear
expansion roadmap, targeting 22.4GW of nuclear capacity by FY2031-32 and 100GW by 2047,
compared with c.8.8GW currently. The government is also seeking to attract greater private-
sector participation and investment in nuclear power through ongoing policy reforms14 . Private
firms are expected to play a critical role by providing capital, developing captive small-reactor
projects, expanding domestic manufacturing capacity and partnering with public sector
enterprises in new reactor ventures. Key risks are not technological but execution-related,
including land acquisition, project delays, fuel security, supply-chain development, financing
costs and the challenge of deploying more than 90GW of new nuclear capacity over two
decades, a pace far exceeding India's historical experience.
India's Union Budget 2026-2027 15  includes a 30% y/y increase in allocation towards renewable
energy, to INR329bn, with solar alone accounting for INR305bn, up 32% y/y. A further INR300bn
was allocated towards power (+39% y/y) and INR241bn towards nuclear energy (unchanged
y/y). The allocation underpins the government’s focus on clean-energy deployment, rooftop
solar and grid integration, although we expect execution bottlenecks to be the key driver of
sector outcomes in the near term. 
South Korea's 11th Basic Plan for Electricity Supply and Demand (2024-2038) aims to grow its
electricity supply 71% over the next 15 years. The plan envisages new LNG power plants
replacing retiring coal-fired plants. The plan also targets raising renewables' share of its power
mix to 35%, from 25% currently, and nuclear to 35%, from 17%. Most of these capacity additions
will be undertaken by Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO, Underweight), which is
majority-owned by the government. KEPCO is a regular issuer of USD bonds; we expect the
company will need to step up its capital market activities to fund this capex.
Southeast Asian countries including Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore and Vietnam are at
various stages of considering nuclear power in their energy mix as a source of stable, low-
emission baseload capacity. Most of these projects are led by the governments or their SOEs
with foreign partners, and we expect the respective states to provide most of the funding.
How is energy security affecting volatility in each sector?
According to our economists, Thailand, Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Vietnam, and Philippines are
more exposed to the energy price shocks. The Philippines, Japan, Vietnam, Singapore, and
Korea stand out in terms of dependence on the Strait of Hormuz for crude oil imports, while
India and Singapore are most exposed for supply of LNG. 
In the months following the Middle East conflict, Asian countries and corporates were able to
source alternative fuel supplies at higher prices, particularly from the US, Africa and Asian
energy exporters such as Malaysia. Clearly, the near-term focus has been on access to supply,
rather than the cost of supply.
3 September 2026
117
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 118]
16 Australia requires LNG exporters reserve 20% of gas for east coast market, 7 May 2026, Reuters
17 Indonesia asks LNG, crude oil producers to prioritize domestic market, 4 June 2026, Gas Processing & LNG
18 DEN Urges DMO Review as Blackouts Hit World's Biggest Coal Exporter, 25 June 2026, Jakarta Globe
Longer term, we expect the reliability and stability of energy supply to become more important
to Asian countries and corporates. Cost will remain an important but not the overriding
consideration, in our view.
We also expect increased pressure to apportion energy supplies for domestic use. This is
potentially detrimental to the region's energy producers if domestic prices are capped below
export prices:
• Australia said it plans to reserve 20% of its LNG output for the domestic market from 1 July
202716 ;
• Indonesia has asked its oil and gas companies to prioritise sales in the domestic market17 ;
• Indonesia is reviewing its existing Domestic Market Obligations (DMO) to boost domestic coal
supply after recent shortages resulted in power outages18 . As a positive, the review will also
consider raising the existing cap on the domestic coal price to USD80/t, from USD70/t.
Winners and losers in a fragmented energy world 
Among the USD sovereign bond issuers, we highlighted the potential effects of oil market
disruption in Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Indonesia due to higher oil import bills, the potential
headwinds to economic activity and in the case of Indonesia, its ability to sustain fuel subsidies
if oil prices remain elevated for a prolonged period. Conversely, Malaysia is a net exporter of
energy in the region and will benefit from an increased focus on energy security.
For Asia Pacific corporates, oil and gas companies are obvious beneficiaries of heightened
energy security, although potential protectionist measures could limit the positive effect on
earnings. Within the region, Australia's oil and gas companies stand out with their LNG-heavy
production mix, the ability to increase export volumes materially with new projects coming
online, and their proximity to Asia's energy importers. 
Renewable power companies should benefit as well, especially if heightened focus on energy
security translates into higher discharge tariffs for renewable power. China and India lead in
both existing renewables capacities and growth plans. According to the IEA, China's renewables
generation could almost triple in the next decade and quadruple by 2050. India's renewables
generation is expected to quadruple in the next 10 years and increase tenfold by 2050.
Southeast Asia's renewables generation is expected to double over the coming decade and
quadruple by 2050, but would still pale in comparison to China and India.
Investments in renewable capacity should increase demand for energy storage systems (ESS)
produced by Chinese and Korean battery makers, as well as battery materials producers (nickel,
lithium, anodes and cathodes). In the EM Asia USD bond universe, key battery makers are
Contemporary Amperex Technology Co Limited (CATL) in China and LG Energy Solution (LGES,
Overweight) in Korea. Battery materials producers include Nickel Industries (Overweight NICAU
'30s), LG Chem (Market Weight) and POSCO Holdings (Market Weight), although battery
materials contribute only a small portion of LG Chem's and POSCO Holdings' total earnings.
On the flip side, increased electrification could translate into lower fuel demand, with a negative
effect on oil refiners. Asian refiners and petrochemical companies that are highly dependent on
imports are also vulnerable to supply disruption. In particular, Korean refiners and
petrochemical companies import most of their feedstock from the Middle East. 
3 September 2026
118
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 119]
19 Evaluating China’s AI ambitions under the 15th Five Year Plan, 23 June 2026, Bloombsbury Intelligence & Security Institute
20 Xi Promises AI for All in Debut at China’s Top Tech Summit, 17 July 2026, Bloomberg
21 India To Invest $200 Billion In AI Infrastructure: AI Impact Summit, 20 February 2026, Forbes
22 AI in Southeast Asia: An era of opportunity, February 2026, McKinsey & Company
23 Beyond Scale. Kuala Lumpur as the Centre of Malaysia’s Digital Infrastructure, 22 January 2026, NextDC
24 Data centres to guzzle one-third of Malaysia’s electricity by 2035, govt taking measures to ensure supply, 1 July 2026, The
Edge Malaysia
National oil companies and power utilities that cannot promptly pass on higher fuel costs are
potentially vulnerable to bond spread volatility. These include KEPCO and Korea Gas
(Underweight) in Korea and Pertamina in Indonesia. KEPCO is also likely to incur higher capex
and debt, as it is expected to lead Korea's power infrastructure build-out. However, as state-
owned enterprises (SOEs), their ratings are equalised to their respective sovereign ratings and
do not reflect their stand-alone credit profiles.
Coal-related corporates are potential losers under the IEA's estimate of lower future demand.
These include miners in Indonesia (Indika Energy, Overweight INDYIJ '29s) and Australia
(Whitehaven Coal). It would also include Australia's coal terminal and port operators (Newcastle
Coal Infrastructure and Port of Newcastle).
AI, power demand and the new electricity economy
Beyond demographics, urbanisation and industrialisation, AI efforts in Asia will add to the
region's energy demand, presenting upside risks to existing demand estimates:
• China's 15th Five Year Plan (2026-30), which builds on an earlier AI Plus initiative, prioritises
developing AI capabilities and integration and targets a 70% AI penetration rate in key sectors
by 2027 and 90% by 2030. State support includes a CNY1trn (USD148bn) fund to aid industries
such as robotics, AI and innovative technologies19 . China has also reportedly allocated
CNY2trn (USD295bn) to build a network of interconnected data centres over the next five
years20 .
• India hopes to attract more than USD200bn in AI infrastructure investments, with Reliance
Industries (Market Weight) announcing a USD110bn commitment over seven years while the
Adani Group pledged USD100bn21 . 
• South Korea announced KRW2,061trn (USD1.35trn) of investment plans across
semiconductor, physical AI and data centres. The plans will double its semiconductor
capacity in five years, while 8.4GW of power supply will come online by 2029 and a further
10GW by 2035 to support data centres.
• Southeast Asia's AI activities are more disparate. Singapore, which is land and energy
constrained, had previously imposed a moratorium on new data centre construction but has
since selectively approved new developments. Instead, it is emerging as a key regional
headquarters for tech companies, a centre for AI innovation, and a financing hub for AI
investments22 . Malaysia is experiencing a boom in data centre construction, with capacity
expected to double to 2.53GW by 203023 , and data centres are expected to account for a third
of Malaysia's electricity demand by 203524 . Indonesia's large domestic market, with the
world's fourth-largest population, provides an attractive market for AI-driven e-commerce.
However, power reliability is a key challenge.
Besides adding new generation capacity, Asian countries are also pursuing the following
measures to manage the expected increase in power demand:
3 September 2026
119
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 120]
25 China's power grid investments to surge to record $574 billion in 2026-2030, 15 January 2026, Reuters
26 China to invest 5 trillion yuan in power grid over next 5 years, 2 February 2026, China Daily
27 National Electricity Plan (Transmission) launched by Cabinet Minister for Power and Housing & Urban Affairs, 14 October
2024, India's Ministry of Finance
28 Transmission sector set to witness multi-year upcycle in capex, supported by Government’s plan to evacuate power from
over 900-GW non-fossil fuel capacity by 2035-36, 8 July 2026, ICRA
29 South Korea to pour 73 trillion won into power infrastructure, 28 May 2025, The Chosun Daily
30 Indonesia: Electricity grid in transition, April 2026, Global Transmission Report
31 Laos-Thailand-Malaysia-Singapore Power Integration Project (LTMS PIP): Challenges and Lessons Learned, October 2023,
Tenaga Nasional
32 ASEAN Power Grid Financing (APGF) Initiative, 20 October 2025, World Bank Group
• China's State Grid Corp plans to spend CNY4trn (USD574bn) on grid upgrades between 2026
and 2030, with a focus on strengthening its west-to-east transmission network with UHV
lines25 . China Southern Power Grid has also budgeted CNY180bn for 2026 alone, with total
investment over the next five years expected to reach about CNY1tn. Together, the two major
grid operators are projected to invest close to CNY5tn during the 15th Five-Year Plan period26 .
• India plans to spend INR9trn to expand its transmission network (220kV and above). Its
National Electricity Plan envisages adding 191,000ckm of transmission lines to its existing
~500,000ckm and 1,270GVA of transformation capacity27  by FY2031-32. However, execution
remains a key challenge. India’s domestic rating agency, ICRA, reported that of the projects
commissioned by March 2026, only ~12% were completed on schedule, with delays related
primarily to land acquisition, right-of-way issues and regulatory approvals28 . Timely delivery
of transmission infrastructure will therefore remain critical to avoiding evacuation
bottlenecks and supporting the continued growth of non-fossil-fuel generation.
• South Korea is upgrading its transmission grid and deploying battery storage systems under
its 11th Basic Plan for Electricity Supply and Demand, with KEPCO expected to spend
KRW73trn (USD54bn) on grid upgrades through 203829 .
• Indonesia, through its state utility Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), intends to invest
USD188bn between 2025 and 2034 on new capacity (USD131bn), new transmission
(USD24bn) and distribution lines (USD11bn)30 .
• Southeast Asian countries are developing the ASEAN Power Grid (APG) to connect electricity
transmission networks across countries in the region. The APG was launched in 1999;
however, completion of the Laos-Thailand-Malaysia-Singapore Power Integration Project
(LTMS PIP) in 2024 has enabled Laos to sell renewable (hydro) power to Malaysia and
subsequently to Singapore by interconnecting through Thailand and Malaysia31 . The World
Bank estimates that full regional integration by 2045 will require USD800bn of funding32 .
The race for capital: financing and investment ideas
Where is capital most needed and who can provide it?
Significant funding is clearly required across Asia Pacific. However, we expect sources to differ
by country and type of borrower. We think South Korean, Australian and Indonesian corporates
are most likely to access the offshore capital markets, while Chinese and Indian utilities are
likely to rely on onshore funding:
• China: We expect financing from a combination of government funds, loans from
supranationals (eg, World Bank), onshore lenders and offshore capital markets, including
green bonds and renewable energy REITs. China has a deep onshore capital market and its
corporates have good access to offshore public and private markets. 
3 September 2026
120
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 121]
• India's funding for power infrastructure is likely to be a mix of public and private capital. We
expect central and state transmission utilities to continue to undertake projects, while private
participation is largely supported through tariff-based competitive bidding and long-term
contractual frameworks. Power Finance Corporation (PFC) and REC Limited (REC) are likely to
remain key providers of financing across India's power and transmission sectors. For nuclear
power, in addition to public funding, we expect foreign capital to play a role through export-
credit agencies, vendor financing and minority FDI participation. 
• South Korea has a deep onshore capital market, although its corporates are also active
issuers in the USD bond market. Cost of funding is a key consideration for Korean borrowers,
and they often select the funding channels based on the prevailing cost.
• Australia's oil and gas companies have historically relied on the offshore USD bond market
for funding, and we expect that to be the case if/when they need to fund capex.
• Indonesia's public utilities borrow in both onshore and offshore markets. However, we
believe the former is not sufficiently deep to support the required funding. Hence, we expect
the majority of fundraising to occur in the offshore markets, as well as loans from
supranationals. Indonesia's private corporates, including coal miners, have historically relied
on a combination of onshore bank loans and offshore bond issuances for funding.
• Most other Southeast Asian utilities rely on onshore funding, with occasional issuance in the
offshore USD bond market.
Investment recommendations 
Overweight Santos (STOAU, Baa3 Pos/BBB- Stb/BBB Stb)
Santos is Australia’s second-largest oil and gas company. We believe its gas-heavy production
mix (82% of 2025 revenues) and Australia’s location in Asia Pacific mean that Santos is well
positioned to benefit from Asia’s efforts to diversify its energy imports from the Middle East and
to meet the region’s increasing demand for LNG as a key source of energy. Santos’s output is
expected to grow 25-30% between 2024 and 2027, after recently starting production at the new
Barossa LNG and Pikka Phase 1 projects. The company also has a stake in the Papua LNG
project (to be operated by TotalEnergies), which is targeting FID by year-end, while
development options include the Beetaloo and Bedout Basins. Moody’s has indicated that
successful ramp-ups of the Barossa and Pikka Phase 1 projects could result in the company's
ratings being upgraded. We believe S&P could similarly reassess its BBB- rating if these projects
reduce the company’s exposure in Papua New Guinea to below 40%, from 60% in
2025. See Santos: Tale of two halves; remain OW for details.
Overweight LG Energy Solution (LGENSO, Baa2 Stb/BBB Neg/NR)
LG Energy Solution is one of the largest non-Chinese rechargeable battery producers globally,
with ~310GWh of production capacity. The company produces batteries for EVs, energy storage
systems (ESS) and mobility/IT devices. In response to growth in demand for ESS, coupled with
slower US EV sales, in 2025 the company converted some of its EV battery production capacity
into ESS lines. Since then, it has secured more than KRW3trn (>USD2.1bn) of ESS contracts and
plans to establish more than 50GWh of ESS production capacity in North America by end-2026.
ESS currently accounts for a high 20% of its revenues, compared with single-digit percentage
points a year ago. The company believes it has the largest local battery production capacity in
North America and is well positioned to meet customers' requirement to source from non-
prohibited foreign entities (PFEs). We believe LG Energy Solution will be a key beneficiary of
growing demand for power solutions, especially from AI data centres. See LG Energy Solution:
Looking towards 2H with hope; remain OW for details.
3 September 2026
121
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 122]
Buy PLNIJ 36s
PLN is Indonesia’s largest vertically integrated utility and is 100% owned by the government.
The company plays a crucial role in electrification, where in accordance with the 2025-2034
Electricity Supply Business Plan (RUPTL) that targets to add 69.5GW in new capacity with a total
investment of ~USD180bn, PLN will develop 20.4GW (29%) directly or via subsidiaries. The
remaining is allocated to private IPPs. At the same time, PLN provides subsidized electricity
domestically, for which it receives subsidy and compensation payments from the government.
Positively, the cadence of compensation payments from the Government to PLN has improved
significantly year to date, to a monthly frequency with payout of ~70% of claims, from a prior
quarterly frequency. This has smoothed pressure on PLN’s working capital cycle.
The PLNIJ ‘36s have widened 29bp since issuance, more than the INDON '36s, which are 15bp
wider over the same period. Given the PLNIJ ‘36s relative underperformance, we believe current
valuations at an OAS of 150bp and cash price of 94pts provide an attractive entry point and offer
exposure into Indonesia’s electrification and energy security theme. The improved
compensation cycle will support compression of the bond towards the INDON '36s, in our view.
Buy PETMK ‘50s
We believe Petronas is well positioned to benefit from longer term efforts from countries to
diversify energy imports from the Middle East, given that the upstream and gas segment are the
main contributors to Petronas’ profit after tax, at ~50% each, and due to the geographic
distribution of Petronas’ proven oil and gas reserves with ~58% located in Malaysia as of start
2026.  
The company’s liquidity position is robust with cash balance of MYR204bn at end FY25 and
limited upcoming bond maturities (USD500mn bond maturity in October 2026 and USD600mn
in 2028). Positively, scheduled dividend payments to the Malaysian Government of MYR20bn in
2026 are also lower than the MYR32bn in FY25 and FY24, though we acknowledge the potential
of higher than slated dividend payments. The PETMK ‘50s are quoted at yield of 6%, cash price
of 82pts, and OAS of 67bp.
Buy PHILIP 5y CDS
Within Asia, the Philippines stands out for its structural vulnerability to disruptions to the
reliability and stability of energy supplies, given that the country is reliant on imports for most
of its crude oil (96%), gasoline (66%), and diesel (71%) needs. Moreover, the country’s CPI
basket is one of the most sensitive amongst Asia peers to increases in crude oil prices, with our
prior estimates indicating that CPI is expected to increase by 0.3pp per USD10/bbl increase.
Reflecting these vulnerabilities, the PHILIP 5Y CDS has been amongst the most sensitive within
HG Asia sovereigns to increases in oil prices this year, with the CDS soaring to highs of ~98bp in
March 2026 from pre US-Iran war levels of roughly ~60bp. At current levels of ~67bp, we think
the PHILIP 5y CDS is an attractive hedge.
EEMEA Corporates - Credit views
Stella Cridge(i) Barclays, UK  |  Luc Roberts(i) Barclays, UK  |  Evgeniia Bystrova(i) Barclays, UK
Importers and exporters set their strategies
Across Emerging EMEA, economies can be generally categorised into exporters of upstream oil
and gas products, and those that largely import to meet their domestic needs. Large economies
in the region that have high import dependency (and which have a large number of corporate
bond issuers) include Turkey, while exporters include multiple Sub Saharan African countries
(eg, Angola, Nigeria) and those in the Middle East (UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia). Given the
heightened global risks around fuel security in recent years, as well as pressures on the external
3 September 2026
122
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 123]
33 Bloomberg, ‘UAE Oil Head Says OPEC Exit Gives Ability to Speed Up Investment’, 5 April 2026.
positions of those countries with high import dependency, a number of countries have put in
place strategic plans to address such risks. These developments have implications for
corporates in these countries. We assess those with the most market relevance below.
Israel: Investing further in the energy transition
Israel has found significant quantities of gas in the last two decades and has since brought
onstream three large gas fields in Israeli coastal waters: Tamar, Leviathan and Karish
(see Leviathan Bond: Concentration risks overshadow strong track record, 18 October
2023). These discoveries, and subsequent commercialisation, have led to a move away from
coal and gas imports for both power and industry. During 2025, Israel Electric (IEC) – the state-
owned electricity company (active in generation, transmission and distribution) – for instance,
generated 75% of power from gas and 25% from coal versus 51% and 43% in 2020, and plans
the full phase out of coal in the future. The commercialisation and transition in the energy and
power sectors was partly funded through issuance in the USD bond market, including from IEC,
Energean (operator of Karish) and Leviathan Bond (share of the project owned by parent
NewMed Energy). Having boosted domestic fuel security, and even exported excess gas within
the region (to Jordan and Egypt – exports are set to grow in the coming years), Israel is now
taking the next step in its energy transition by investing in grid capacity to permit further roll
out and usage of renewable power in the country. IEC plans to invest $2.5bn per year from
2026-2030 in transmission and distribution to enable the integration of renewables onto the
grid as well as energy storage facilities, electric vehicles and AI. Separately, we expect issuers
such as Leviathan/NewMed and Energean to remain active in the bond market to fund future
investments in upstream reserves and resources (see Israel Corporates: Moving forward post H1
disruptions: snapshot pack, 2 July 2026).
GCC: Two-pronged approach to investment in hydrocarbons, new technologies
GCC countries have an outsized role in global energy supply, accounting for a quarter of global
crude oil exports and a third of proven reserves (and c.20% for natural gas). Their long-term
strategies hence balance the importance of the sector for their economies and state budgets,
with opportunities to participate in the energy transition both through natural gas as a
transition fuel and investments in renewables. Saudi Aramco recently brought online the first
phase of its $100bn Jafurah shale gas project, which is set to boost gas availability for the
domestic market, while QatarEnergy had been aiming to almost double LNG capacity by 2030,
prior to the onset of the Iran war. The UAE's recent exit from OPEC+ is expected to lead to oil
capacity expansion33 , while ADNOC Gas has announced it expects to spend c.$28bn between
2026 and 2030 to deliver on growth plans. Although the Iran war has disrupted key export routes
and delayed major projects, we expect resilience to increase in the coming years as new re-
routing projects are brought online (although we see LNG exports as more vulnerable, see
QatarEnergy's LNG facilities extensively damaged: assessing credit buffers, 19 March 2026).
Collectively, these projects point to a large financing pipeline for state-owned hydrocarbon
producers in the GCC. Healthy cash flows and large cash balances should provide significant
funding capacity. However, the simultaneous execution of expansion plans and spend to bolster
export routes could sustain external financing needs and drive ongoing issuance in bond
markets.
The region has also been an increasing source and destination for investment in renewable
projects, and more recently data centres. For instance, Masdar, Abu Dhabi's dedicated green
energy investment vehicle, has been aggressively deploying capital globally to build a 100GW
renewables portfolio by 2030 (gross basis). Several large-scale renewable projects have been
built in the region, with further capacity under construction, while regional demand growth is
3 September 2026
123
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 124]
being driven by AI, data centres, and advanced manufacturing. This includes a 5.2GW solar and
battery storage project in Abu Dhabi which is set to deliver 1GW in continuous power (this is
notably a key requirement for energy supply to data centres). Saudi Arabia is also undertaking
significant investments and is aiming to generate 50% of its electricity from renewables under
its Vision 2030 strategy, with the remaining portion set to come from natural gas, displacing
existing oil/liquid fuels capacity entirely. Growing investment in green projects has been
accompanied by green labelled financing across GCC Corporates and Financials (see GCC Credit:
UAE hosts COP28: Green bond issuance in the spotlight, 30 November 2023).
Sub Saharan Africa: Tackling domestic power challenges as well as export
opportunities
Multiple Sub Saharan African (SSA) countries are large exporters of upstream oil and gas
products, including Nigeria (1.8mbpd) and Angola (1.1mbpd). There are also some smaller (eg,
Ghana, c100kbpd) and emergent exporters such as Senegal (c70kbpd), which saw BP and
Kosmos Energy commence LNG exports from the Greater Tortue Aymeyim (GTA) field in 2025.
Amid the war in Iran, SSA exporters saw strong demand for their upstream output as a result of
the closure of the Strait of Hormuz and we expect ongoing support as global importers seek to
ensure reliable supplies of products. At the same time, some of these countries have relatively
underdeveloped domestic power infrastructure and a significant need to improve grid
availability (eg, Nigeria, which currently has high reliance on diesel generators) and to reduce
import costs (eg, Senegal, currently reliant on coal powered electricity plants). This need
creates opportunities for EEMEA corporates to benefit from demand growth, including Seplat
Energy in Nigeria, which is set to see gas output grow in the coming years (see Seplat Energy: A
Nigeria growth story: Initiate at Market Weight on tight valuations, 8 May 2026) and entities such
as Kosmos Energy in Senegal, which could see higher future gas revenues if GTA can secure gas
sales by pipeline to onshore Senegal (see Kosmos Energy: GTA: An asset with optionality, 19
January 2026).
Turkey: Renewable investments supporting energy independence goals
Turkey remains heavily dependent on imported hydrocarbons, including for natural gas, oil and
coal, which has historically weighed on the country's current account balance. The geopolitical
developments in the EEMEA region in 2022-2026 have also put an extra emphasis on the
importance of Turkiye's energy security and independence (Turkiye Corporates: Assessing gas
flow risks, 26 March 2026). Consequently, expanding domestic renewable energy generation has
become a key element of the country's energy strategy. Supported by market liberalisation,
feed-in tariffs and dedicated renewable energy support mechanisms, Turkey has significantly
increased renewable capacity over the past decade, with renewables now representing around
60% of installed capacity. Imported thermal sources now represent c30% of installed generation
capacity. The supportive regulatory framework has also encouraged a growing number of
Turkish corporates to invest in renewable energy assets, both as a source of cost savings and as
part of broader sustainability and decarbonisation objectives (EM Corporate Days 2026:
Adapting to new challenges, 25 June 2026). For example, Limak Cement has an intensive capex
programme targeting decarbonisation, including through renewable investments, which it
financed via the bond issuance.
Focus on sustainability and emissions remains among EEMEA corporates
Outside of those companies that are directly exposed to the energy and power sector, our 7th
annual Emerging Markets Corporate Days: A Sustainable Future (EM Corporate Days 2026:
Adapting to new challenges, 25 June 2026) held in June 2026 showed that EEMEA corporates
continue to execute plans across sectors to reduce emissions and improve the cost and
reliability of power. For instance, in the telecoms sector in Africa, firms continue to seek to
replace diesel generator usage with more grid access and use of renewable power and battery
3 September 2026
124
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 125]
technology. In Ukraine, firms continue to invest in greater self-generation amid significant
attacks on power assets. In countries such as Kazakhstan, where the sovereign has set national
level targets, key quasi-sovereign entities are executing their transition to renewable power
from fossil fuels. Lastly, even in countries where the transition is challenging, such as South
Africa given high domestic reliance on coal (the bulk of the grid is coal-powered), there has been
significant investments in renewables (solar, wind) both from national level IPP investment
programmes and among multiple private sector corporates that have been replacing power
purchases from state-owned Eskom in order to reduce cost and improve reliability.
(see Sustainable Investing Research: South Africa's big re-wire, 14 January 2026).
Trade ideas
Buy AYDEMT 2030s (Evgeniia Bystrova): The Turkiye Corporates credit complex provides
several opportunities to gain exposure to the growing renewables sector, for example via Aydem
Renewables (MW), which is one of the largest pure renewable generators in the country. While
we view valuations of AYDEMT 30s as broadly fair due to the balance of risks, the bond provides
an attractive carry opportunity at c10% yield in the context of EM USD Corp-Quasi index and in a
wider global context (Aydem Renewables: Limited deleveraging prospects balanced by high
carry, 17 August 2026).
Buy AZURGY 2030s (Stella Cridge): Azule Energy (Overweight) is an Angola-focused upstream
oil and gas company (shareholding 50/50 BP and Eni) which produces over 200kbpd per day of
output. Angola is one of Africa's largest suppliers of oil to the global market (c1.1mbpd), and
Azule is likely to benefit from recent new discoveries and investment plans that can boost its
reserve base and support future output levels (see Azule Energy: Q2 26 results: Step down in net
debt q/q; stay Overweight, 28 August 2026)
. Azule's three bonds have been underperforming the Angola sovereign in spread terms, but
offer compelling value on account of its low leverage (0.8x at H1 26 or 1.1x, adjusted) and FX
protections (revenues received offshore), which insulate against sovereign risks. We
recommend adding the AZURGY 2030s, which are most attractive on the curve relative to
ANGOL. 
Buy KOS (GTA) 11.25% 2031s (Stella Cridge): Kosmos Energy (Market Weight) is an upstream
oil and gas company with operations across Ghana, North America (Gulf) and Mauritania/
Senegal. Given prolonged disruptions to output in Qatar, we expect that there will be stronger
long-term demand for supply of LNG projects outside of the Gulf region including the Greater
Tortue Ahmeyim (GTA) project of KOS (c27% stake, alongside partners BP and the state oil
companies of Senegal and Mauritania). GTA's capacity is currently around 3.0mtpa (gross), and
margins in the business are currently tight for KOS given the fixed cost base. However, there are
prospects to improve throughput through the sale of gas onshore to both Senegal and
Mauritania, which are taking steps to prepare infrastructure onshore to receive gas (see Kosmos
Energy: Q2 26 results: Positive momentum towards refinancing, 4 August 2026). KOS as a
company has relatively high leverage, which is a credit risk, but the KOS-GTA bonds have greater
recourse to the operations in Mauritania/Senegal and hence benefit from selected covenant
protections (see Kosmos Energy: GTA: An asset with optionality, 19 January 2026). 
3 September 2026
125
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 126]
Part 3: Equity and Credit Strategy views
US Equity Strategy  
Venu Krishna, CFA BCI, US
Energy has been the best-performing sector in the S&P 500 YTD, reflecting investors' growing
appreciation for a world characterized by geopolitical fragmentation, supply chain
reconfiguration and increasing concern about resource scarcity. We upgraded the sector to
Neutral in March, in deference to a potentially sticky geopolitical risk premium, and relative
returns have been broadly flat since then, as oil price retracement from April highs was offset by
exceptionally strong 2Q26 results. Energy sector EPS jumped triple digits y/y and O&G names
are contributing more to FY26 index earnings revisions than Banks, Tech Hardware and
Software combined—try imagining that nine months ago.
We share the view of our co-authors that the global energy system is likely to become more
capital intensive, strategically important and politically consequential over the coming decade
than many investors currently assume. The combination of rising power demand,
electrification, AI-driven infrastructure build-out and increasing emphasis on energy security
argues for a substantial acceleration in energy-related capex, which should create compelling
opportunities across individual companies exposed to energy production, transportation,
storage and grid modernization. 
That being said, our sector views are more nuanced. The persistent relative outperformance of
the Energy sector has generally coincided with sustained periods of high and rising oil prices.
While our commodity team's forward strip view into 2030 is above consensus, that forecast also
comes with the assumption that oil price volatility will remain high, given the state of
geopolitical impairments. Supply chain normalization, increased spare capacity and eventual
inventory rebuilding could meaningfully compress the risk premium for Energy
equities. Moreover, ~65% of the Energy sector is Integrated/E&P names. Capital discipline in this
space remains markedly stronger than in prior cycles, with healthier balance sheets and more
attractive shareholder distributions. Still, investors are ultimately underwriting mature cash
flow businesses whose earnings power remains heavily commodity leveraged, in a market
where flows and generalist portfolio allocations have been shown to favor higher-growth
compounders.
Ultimately, we agree that the broad energy ecosystem is in the midst of a growth phase and that
accelerating electrification, AI and data centre expansion, and optimization for resilience
instead of cost are likely to exacerbate energy bottlenecks and necessitate substantial
investment throughout the power chain. But in terms of translating to equity returns, individual
stocks and sub-industries within Energy likely offer more attractive opportunities to position for
outperformance compared with a broad allocation to the Energy sector as a whole. At the sector
level, we remain more constructive on Utilities, Industrials and Tech, where leverage to power
transmission and generation, grid modernization, infrastructure build-out,
electrification, power management and battery technologies offer a more widespread
opportunity set.
3 September 2026
126
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 127]
FIGURE 134. Energy earnings estimate revisions are strongest for
2H26, but 2027 is heading higher as well 
FIGURE 135. With the exception of OFS, Energy sector returns have
been driven by earnings revisions more than multiple expansion
90
100
110
120
130
140
150
Dec-25
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
S&P500 Energy Sector EBITDA Revisions
3Q26
4Q26
1Q27
2Q27
3Q27
4Q27
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
S&P 500
Energy
Energy Eq. &
Svcs.
Oil & Gas
Return Attribution, YTD
NTM EBITDA Rev
Multiple Expansion
Change in EV
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
European Equity Strategy
Emmanuel Cau, CFA Barclays, UK
Energy's second coming. The Energy sector has come back into focus after spending much of
the past decade out of favour. The narrative on peak oil and the rise of renewables led many
investors to conclude that fossil fuels were facing a secular decline. As a result, the sector
endured years of underinvestment, while investor exposure to the space steadily diminished. In
some cases, ESG mandates further constrained capital allocation. However, we think the
backdrop is changing. As our macro colleagues have argued, the world is moving into an era of
energy addition, rather than substitution. Yes, renewables continue to gain share, but the mix of
rising energy demand and supply risk means investment is required across generation,
transmission, grids, storage and flexible power sources. The challenge is no longer simply
replacing one source of energy with another, but expanding the entire energy system to support
a more digital, electrified and resilient economy.
For Europe, this is increasingly an issue of both economic growth and security. The Russia-
Ukraine war exposed the vulnerabilities created by years of underinvestment and dependence
on external suppliers, while more recent tensions in the Middle East have reinforced the value of
a secure and reliable energy supply chain. Energy security has therefore shifted from a policy
objective to an economic imperative and is increasingly becoming a core pillar of strategic
autonomy. At the same time, the investment case extends well beyond geopolitics. AI-related
power demand, electrification, industrial reshoring and decarbonisation are creating multiple
structural drivers of energy investment. Consistent with this backdrop, our economists expect a
multi-year investment cycle to remain firmly in place, forecasting average annual investment
growth of more than 6% in the US and 4.5-5% in Europe and the UK (see Supersize me: The
coming investment cycle, 26 Mar). While AI spending has already driven a significant
acceleration in US corporate capex, Europe remains much earlier in the capex
cycle. Meanwhile, improving credit demand for fixed investment backed up by supportive fiscal
policy suggests the European investment cycle still has scope to broaden. 
From an equity market perspective, the broader investment theme is well understood and
many beneficiaries have already re-rated (see Strategic autonomy – not cheap, but more to
go 22 Apr). Energy, Utilities, Capital Goods, Construction Materials and Banks have generally
outperformed, as investors increasingly price in higher investment intensity and stronger
3 September 2026
127
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 128]
FIGURE 136. Energy continues to grow earnings above trend, while
still trading cheaper than long-term history
FIGURE 137. Energy ownership remains depressed in portfolios, while
Utilities is also below post-COVID highs
Source: IBES, LSEG Data & Analytics, Barclays Research
Source: EPFR, LSEG Data & Analytics, Barclays Research
earnings growth. However, the earnings backdrop continues to justify much of this
performance, with all the aforementioned sectors still delivering EPS growth above their long-
term trends, as they keep benefiting from improving order books. While parts of the strategic
autonomy trade now screen as expensive, albeit justifiably, the traditional Energy complex (and
Banks) is unique in that it continues to trade below historical valuation averages. In our view,
this offers a more attractive risk-reward profile within the broader investment theme. Near
term, we prefer Oil Services and Utilities (OW) and remain Market Weight on Integrated Energy,
reflecting its higher sensitivity to oil prices and the binary nature of US-Iran news flow. However,
we see growing medium- term re-rating potential, given supportive structural tailwinds and
still-muted investor positioning.
US Credit Strategy
Dominique Toublan(i) BCI, US
Large debt-funded capex puts pressure on spreads. History suggests markets do not wait for
leverage to deteriorate before repricing sectors entering major investment cycles. TMT issuance
surged more than 300% from 1999 to 2001, and Energy issuance increased about 50% from 2013
to 2015. In both cases, spreads drifted roughly 40bp wider versus the index as investors
adjusted to a new issuance regime (see here).
More broadly, we have found that debt growth matters most at the extremes. As shown in
Figure 138, historically, sectors in the highest quintile of debt growth widened nearly 20bp over
the following year, while every other quintile tightened. Put differently, rapid debt growth
usually carries a spread tax (see here for more details).
Current valuations leave little room for forgiveness, especially for the Energy sector. IG
Energy currently trades at its richest level versus IG Industrials in more than a decade, with the
spread ratio sitting just below 1.0x (Figure 139). That richness was earned through years of
balance sheet repair, capital discipline, limited issuance and higher energy prices recently. The
challenge is that a significant buildout of LNG, gas infrastructure, and power related investment
points to a rising cadence of debt issuance ahead. Utilities face an even steeper financing curve,
which argues for continued relative underperformance there. Strong fundamentals can support
tight spreads, yet history suggests sectors embarking on large capital cycles tend to
underperform the rest of the index over time.
3 September 2026
128
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 129]
FIGURE 138. Extreme debt growth has historically led to sector
widening
FIGURE 139. The IG Energy sector trades at its tightest level vs. IG
Industrials in more than a decade 
-16
-8
-4
-1
19
-20
-10
0
10
20
Q1: lowest
debt
growth
Q2
Q3
Q4
Q5: highest
debt
growth
Average 1-year OAS widening (bp)
1-year debt outstanding growth quintile
Average IG Sector Change in OAS by 1y Debt-
Growth Quintile
0.60
0.80
1.00
1.20
1.40
1.60
1.80
Aug-16
Aug-18
Aug-20
Aug-22
Aug-24
Aug-26
Energy/Indus
Utes/Indus
sprd ratio
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
 
European Credit Strategy
Soren Willemann(i) Barclays, UK
When equity investors hear "capex cycle", credit investors hear "supply headwinds". As
illustrated clearly for the US credit market in x, sectors with the largest growth rate in supply
tend to underperform. But we do not have to look into the history books to see how this affects
European credit: as we discuss in Supply Pressure Points, in 2026 so far there has been a clear
imprint in YTD spread performance, with rating/maturity segments with the largest amounts of
relative supply underperforming (Figure 140). We see little reason why a "supply super cycle" in
Utility/Energy sectors should be any different in terms of acting as a localized, technical,
headwind. Supply in these sectors will also likely come in the same segment, as is currently
seen for hyperscalers: relatively high rated and longerdated. As such, these two pockets of
prolific issuers should compete against each other for demand. This reinforces our preference
for shorter-dated, lower-rated credit within IG. 
"Things could be different for these sectors", and we are Overweight the Energy and
Utility sector, for a few reasons. As discussed by our fundamental analysts, fundamentals are
generally strong for these sectors and capex build-outs will be disciplined. The key difference
from the hyperscaler supply cycle is that Energy/Utility sectors are - and will be - supported by
the government, in terms of either government liquidity support or ownership stakes:
"nationalisation" is a scary word for an equity investor, but absent haircuts to bonds, there is
usually upside for a credit investor. Another aspect that will likely support these sectors, leaning
against a technical headwind, is that they will likely maintain their non-cyclical attributes, with
fundamentals less affected by any growth downside, unlike, say, hyperscalers. Finally, unlike
the setup on the $IG side, €IG valuations relative to the broader market are either mid-range for
Energy or fairly wide for Utilities (Figure 141).
3 September 2026
129
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 130]
FIGURE 140. Rating/maturity segments with the highest supply rates
have had the worst performance YTD in €IG
FIGURE 141. €IG Energy is mid-range vs. the broader market on a ratio
basis, while Utilities are at the wider end, 80th percentile on a 10-year
horizon
3-5y / BBB
7-10y / AA
7-10y / A
10y+ / AA
10y+ / A
10y+ / BBB
-10
-8
-6
-4
-2
0
2
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
Gross supply % of initial size
YTD OAS chg, bp
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
1.1
1.2
1.3
Sep-16
Mar-18
Sep-19
Mar-21
Sep-22
Mar-24
Sep-25
Ratio
Energy/Idx
Util/Idx
YTD supply by segment in pct of initial market size vs. YTD OAS changes. Senior non-
financial bonds only.
Source: Dealogic, Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Case study - Physical AI and energy
Zornitsa Todorova(i) Barclays, UK
AI gets physical, powered by energy
The investment debate about robotics has so far largely focused on chips and AI
models. Yet as AI moves from software into the physical world, energy is becoming
increasingly important. Every humanoid robot, autonomous vehicle, warehouse
robot and drone ultimately converts electricity into movement. As a result, the rise of
physical AI could create a new source of electricity demand that extends well beyond
data centres and into factories, warehouses and logistics networks. Put differently,
physical AI is effectively creating a new category of energy consumer: machines
capable of performing physical labour.
Robots are a new category of energy consumer
Physical AI is still a small market today, but our research suggests it could evolve
into a $1trn ecosystem by 2035, spanning humanoids, autonomous vehicles,
industrial automation and drones. As deployment accelerates, investors may need to
think about robotics as not only a technology theme, but also an energy theme.
Unlike traditional software, physical AI creates a two-layer energy demand: cloud
compute to train increasingly complex models and local power to run robots
performing tasks in the physical world.
Training physical AI models is particularly energy intensive because they must learn
not only reasoning, but also physics, motion, balance, navigation and manipulation,
much of it through large-scale simulations and digital twins. Advanced AI model
training currently consumes energy at a rate of 100-154MW, with projections
exceeding 4GW by 2030. While data on physical AI models remain limited, we expect
their energy requirements to be even greater, given the added complexity of learning
and executing tasks in the physical world.
3 September 2026
130
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 131]
FIGURE 142. Energy capacity per kg of battery pack has steadily improved
FIGURE 143. Lithium-ion battery prices have dropped significantly over the
past decade
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
Energy density, Wh/kg
Nickel-based packs
Lithium-Iron-Phosphate packs
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
Real 2024 US$/kWh
Source: Bloomberg BNEF (Bloomberg New Energy Finance), Barclays Research
Source: Bloomberg BNEF (Bloomberg New Energy Finance), Barclays Research
The second layer of energy demand comes from physical execution. Once deployed,
robots continuously consume electricity through motors, sensors, processors and
communication systems. Unlike large language models, robots must operate in the
physical world, overcoming gravity, inertia and friction. Put simply, movement is
energy intensive, making batteries, typically lithium-ion, a critical enabling
technology.
Batteries are improving, but remain a constraint. Battery density has increased by
about 50% since 2019 (Figure 142), while battery prices have fallen almost eightfold
since 2013 (Figure 143). These advances have been critical in making mobile robotics
economically viable. Yet batteries remain one of the sector's biggest constraints.
Current humanoids typically operate for only 4-5 hours before requiring recharging
or battery replacement. More intensive tasks can reduce operating time further. Even
highly advanced humanoids remain significantly less energy efficient than humans.
We estimate that a humanoid such as Tesla Optimus consumes roughly 500 watts
while walking, whereas a human performing the same activity is 40-45% more energy
efficient (Figure 144).
3 September 2026
131
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 132]
FIGURE 144. Humanoids' energy footprint
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
Walking
Moderate cycling
Playing tennis
Ice skating
Climbing stairs
Watts
Humans: various activities
Humanoids: walking
Source: AlphaSense, Douglas College Physics 1104 Custom Textbook, Barclays Research
From labour substitution to electricity substitution
Historically, economic growth has relied on expanding labour inputs. Robotics
changes that equation. Our research finds that humanoids could eventually help
offset demographic pressures in ageing economies by substituting for labour in
manufacturing, logistics, healthcare and agriculture. In China alone, an upper-
bound scenario suggests humanoids could reach the equivalent of 3.8% of
labour capacity by 2035, helping offset a significant share of projected workforce
declines.
However, replacing labour with robots does not eliminate resource consumption.
Instead, it changes its composition. Physical work that was once powered by food
and human labour increasingly becomes powered by electricity, batteries and
semiconductors. In effect, robotics converts labour demand into energy demand.
3 September 2026
132
Barclays | The global energy race


[Page 133]
Appendix
FIGURE 145. Federal Environmental Reviews and Authorizations
Permit/Review
Responsible
Agency
Responsible
Bureau/
Department /Office
Project Type
Activity/Trigger
Description
Statute/ Regulation
Authorization for Liquefied
Natural Gas Terminal Facilities,
Onshore or in State Waters
FERC
Office of Energy
Projects and Office of
Energy Market
Regulation
Liquefied
Natural Gas
Terminal
Facilities
(Onshore or in
State Water),
and associated
Natural Gas
Pipelines
Application for the siting,
construction, expansion,
or operation of an LNG
terminal filed pursuant to
section 3 of the Natural
Gas Act
Applications for the siting, construction, expansion,
or operation of an LNG Terminal must be submitted
to FERC. An LNG Terminal includes all natural gas
facilities located onshore or in State waters that are
used to receive, unload, load, store, transport, gasify,
liquefy, or process natural gas that is: (1) imported to
the U.S. from a foreign country; (2) exported to a
foreign country from the U.S.; or (3) transported in
interstate commerce by waterborne vessel.
Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act [15
U.S.C. 717b]; 18 C.F.R. 153. Section
7(c) of the Natural Gas Act [15 U.S.C.
717f]; 18 C.F.R. 157.
Bald and Golden Eagle Protection
Permit
DOI
FWS
All
Possible take/harm of
eagles
The Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act prohibits
anyone from "taking" bald or golden eagles. Among
other actions, "take" includes disturbance of eagles
to the degree that it substantially interferes with
breeding, feeding, or sheltering behavior or results in
injury. The FWS can 