[Page 1]
ab
8 September 2026
Global Research
Global Sustainability
An ESG View on Earnings: Convergence
We reviewed English-language earnings commentary and transcripts across a range 
of sectors, globally, to assess ESG drivers in earnings. We flagged >300 individual 
company comments (from P5). As we frequently discuss in our annual Outlooks, 
sustainability factors interconnect and multiply each other. This was particularly 
evident in the latest quarter where environmental and infrastructure 
constraints are converging. Extreme heat, drought/water stress (also, flooding 
earlier in the year), grid constraints, power constraints, geopolitical impacts on 
supply chains, social license to operate effects; these are all being magnified by 
surging data centre growth and appearing as either binding constraints to 
growth, or as adaptation opportunities. 
Key discussions during the quarter: increasing grid constraints (acting as a 
bottleneck on new capacity); extreme weather is impacting energy systems, supply 
chains, and crop yields; geopolitics + climate physical risk + record electricity 
demand + other disruptions are accelerating energy transition, especially in 
batteries, grid investment, electrification solutions, and also nuclear.
Reference quotes are illustrative, companies will be referring to their own positioning 
with regards to any given factor. 

Power demand: no surprise, remains extremely strong. “Exotic solutions” to 
datacentre power needs continue to feature (ship engines, reciprocating engines, 
etc), as does Bring Your Own Power (BYOP). "Record" demand levels referenced 
frequently: 

Tenaga: “system peak demand scaled consecutive historical high,” including 
surpassing a record set only three days earlier. 

PSEG: “peak summer load of 10,446 MW...highest level in 14 years.” 

Engie: “ERCOT...all-time peak above 91 GW on July 22, driven by heat and 
datacenter load.”

AI & datacentres: again, driving demand everywhere, including of course 
through power systems. References to “record backlogs” a common refrain across 
several sectors, particularly industrials. This is not limited to the US.

Grids remain a critical constraint, globally. Grids face capacity limitations, aging 
infrastructure remains a material challenge, interconnections are constrained, and 
substantial upgrades, flexibility, and related measures are required to 
accommodate new power transmission patterns and changing end-user demand, 
especially greater volatility in power demand. Extreme weather is also a 
consideration here. See our previous work on grids including Energy 
Security: Grids, the Real Bottleneck? 

Uniper: “the biggest...bottleneck facing the construction of new data centres 
is obtaining a grid connection.”

Affordability: a frequent discussion point, particularly around electricity and 
datacentre demand, but also more widespread, including broader system effects 
of the Middle East conflict such as higher transportation costs. Links to social 
license concerns, as below. 

Extreme weather: heat, drought, wildfire, and El Niño notable for number of 
mentions, across sectors. Commentary was not always negative; upside potential 
visible in certain solutions providers (eg, building materials, cooling). We also 
This report has been prepared by UBS Securities Pte. Ltd. (Reg. No. 198500648C) ANALYST CERTIFICATION AND REQUIRED 
DISCLOSURES, including information on the Quantitative Research Review published by UBS, begin on page 
64.  
Equities
Global
Global Sustainability
Victoria Kalb
Analyst
vicki.kalb@ubs.com
+65-6495 4584
Alisa Dudchak
Analyst
alisa.dudchak@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 0844
Shneur Z. Gershuni, CFA
Analyst
shneur.gershuni@ubs.com
+1-212-713 3974
Charles Fruitiere
Analyst
charles.fruitiere@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 4123
Leigha Miyata
Analyst
leigha.miyata@ubs.com
+81-3-5208 7101
Luciana Carvalho
Product Manager
luciana.carvalho@ubs.com
+55-11-2767 6524
Lydia Brunton
Analyst
lydia.brunton@ubs.com
+61-2-9324 2172
Jarvis Lam
Analyst
jarvis.lam@ubs.com
+852-2971 7701
Kathryn Graves, PhD
Analyst
kathryn.graves@ubs.com
+1-212-713 4871
Miranda Zhang
Associate Analyst
miranda.zhang@ubs.com
+81-3-5208 6283
Thi
s is an ImageM


[Page 2]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 2
found the number of sellside analysts asking specific questions about extreme 
weather impacts to be noteworthy. Negative impacts were particularly evident in 
power generation (especially nuclear and hydro), transportation & logistics (eg, 
Rhine, Panama Canal, others) and crop yields, with some mention of productivity 
impact from extreme heat. 

Middle East conflict disruption also, unsurprisingly, prominent. Discussion 
topics included significant increases in transport fuel and therefore freight costs, 
longer shipping routes and related disruptions, and replacing lost Gulf fuel 
inventory (see our previous related work including What Does it Cost to Pivot from 
ME Reliance?). Sulfur (and derivative) and diesel price increases evident in mining 
and agriculture. Multiple discussions specifically also about significantly higher 
chemical input pricing (eg, resin). 

Cheniere: “Additionally, as Asian prices moved to a premium over Europe, US 
LNG flows shifted decisively east. US exports to Asia reached a quarterly record 
of approximately 11 million tonnes, while deliveries to Europe declined 
materially from recent levels. Flexible destination contracts once again allowed 
Atlantic Basin supply to respond quickly to changing market signals.”

Rockwool: “higher oil & gas prices are driving a greater interest in energy 
efficiency in the build environment.” 

Extreme weather plus ME conflict are driving increased examples of 
"resilience" commentary. 

Energy transition continues to push ahead, most visibly positive (and frequent) 
commentary this quarter around battery storage, with slightly fewer (on a relative 
basis) though still very positive discussions on nuclear. A number of mentions 
specifically discussed the tech industry still actively seeking decarbonised power 
solutions. 

E.ON: “Requests across our German business for battery storage connections 
increased by more than 30% in the first half of this year from an already very 
high base.” 

Rexel: “Successive heat waves are increasing the need for cooling solutions, 
while energy price volatility and energy security concerns are driving customers 
to invest in efficiency, self-generation and energy independence This is visible 
across our HVAC, solar and EV charging businesses.” 

Albemarle: “with grid upgrades taking multiple years, stationary storage is the 
fastest and most cost-effective way to support grid reliability...we now expect 
stationary storage to make up about 30% of 2026 global lithium market 
demand, nearing parity with EVs.” 

CLP: “National energy transition is a powerful tailwind. 240-320 GW of 
renewable energy per year, CNY 5 tr of grid investment and 300 GW of storage 
by 2030.”

IHI: “sales revenue from nuclear energy is steadily expanding.” 

Kazatomprom: “financial investment funds continue to accumulate physical 
uranium” and “Western utilities are actively transitioning from a just-in-time 
philosophy to a just-in-case philosophy”.

Heat pumps mentions are ticking up. Eg, E.ON: “German EV registrations are 
up 50% and heat pumps applications around 35% Y/Y...the economics are 
becoming increasingly compelling.” See previous heat pump analysis. 

Insurance (see dedicated section, P58): similar trends as prior quarters - repeated 
mentions of protection gaps; need for greater focus on resilience (which could also 
be thought of as adaptation); climate change and extreme weather plus 
geopolitics requiring business model adjustments to adapt to significantly 
increasing complexity. 

Social license to operate remains a key area of focus for investors (our most 
recent thoughts here). Mentions during the quarter include: Veolia - “data centres 
are starting to see resistance from local communities to be granted permits given 
the intensity of resource consumption.”

Labour: frequent mentions of labour tightness. 

Critical materials mentions included several on elevated tungsten pricing and 
supply constraints, as well as lithium, particularly in relation to battery demand; 


[Page 3]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 3
also graphite. Our previous critical materials work includes: Resource realignment - 
a new order for critical commodities. 
Physical risk focus: Impacts of extreme weather
Extreme weather (heat, drought, flood, wildfire, El Nino) was a notably, and 
unsurprisingly, frequent topic on earnings calls. Extreme heat was the most commonly 
identified, with water (availability & temperature) a key related issue. Impacts discussed 
included: 
1. Higher electricity demand (cooling), and demand for cooling solutions (not just air 
conditioning; building materials a key area of focus)
2. Increased focus on need for improvements to or assessments of stability across 
grids and power infrastructure, plus demand for efficiency solutions including 
HVAC
3. Disruptions: nuclear and hydro in particular, also infrastructure; disruptions to 
industrial supply chains (eg, Rhine river transit), mining operations
a. Norsk Hydro: "we are close to the lowest level we have seen when it comes to 
water reservoirs and snow reservoirs in Norway." 
b. On the other hand, Suncor: "record rain and snow melt...total precipitation, 
the highest in more than 30 years, 50% higher than the 10-year 
average...materially affected mining productivity." 
c. Snam: "during the hottest week of June, we observed a significant decline in 
wind generation, which is a fairly typical pattern during prolonged heat wave 
conditions. At the same time, electricity demand remained robust, driven in 
part by higher cooling needs."
4. El Nino specifically discussed across impact to agriculture, insurance, utilities and 
mining in particular. 
Figure 1: Our view on sentiment in earnings 
Our view on sentiment in earnings
Source: UBS.


[Page 4]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 4
Contents
Earnings season highlights - latest quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Industrials. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
Materials . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
Energy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Utilities. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 41
Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 59
Victoria Kalb
Analyst
vicki.kalb@ubs.com
+65-6495 4584
Alisa Dudchak
Analyst
alisa.dudchak@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 0844
Shneur Z. Gershuni, CFA
Analyst
shneur.gershuni@ubs.com
+1-212-713 3974
Charles Fruitiere
Analyst
charles.fruitiere@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 4123
Leigha Miyata
Analyst
leigha.miyata@ubs.com
+81-3-5208 7101
Luciana Carvalho
Product Manager
luciana.carvalho@ubs.com
+55-11-2767 6524
Lydia Brunton
Analyst
lydia.brunton@ubs.com
+61-2-9324 2172
Jarvis Lam
Analyst
jarvis.lam@ubs.com
+852-2971 7701
Kathryn Graves, PhD
Analyst
kathryn.graves@ubs.com
+1-212-713 4871
Miranda Zhang
Associate Analyst
miranda.zhang@ubs.com
+81-3-5208 6283
Thi
s is an ImageM


[Page 5]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 5
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Earnings season highlights - latest 
quarter
Our takeaways from an ESG perspective on selected examples of earnings transcripts 
published in English in key ESG-relevant sectors. Unless otherwise noted (or as part of a 
UBS research report), individual comments are quotes from an earnings transcript. 
Emphasis is ours.  
Industrials
Accelleron: Energy momentum also remains strong, with sustained demand for prime 
power, backup power and gas compression applications in the US. Power grid 
constraints and gas availability are driving demand for gas-fired prime power 
applications at US data centers. Given the long lead times for grid connections and 
the political pressure to avoid passing the costs of new power generation 
capacity and grid expansion on the utilities and, ultimately, residential 
customer in the US, BYOP, or Bank Your Own Power, is increasingly becoming 
the norm for US data center operators.
...why data centers need two complete set of engines on the same site, one powered by 
gas and the other one by diesel. The reason is that environment regulations typically limit 
diesel engines to only a few hundred operating hours per year. As a result, diesel engines 
without emission control systems are not suitable for prime power applications running 
thousands of hours a year. Conversely, using gas engines for backup power is also 
difficult. The challenge with gas backup power is not the engine. It is onsite fuel 
storage. For the same amount of energy, compressed natural gas requires several times 
the storage volume of diesel, while diesel can be stored and replenished much more 
easily in case of extended power grid blackouts.
ACS: Defense infrastructure investment is expected to increase significantly worldwide, 
creating an addressable market opportunity worth €80 billion annually by 2030. 
Airbus: Finally, on defense and space. Here we continue to see a very strong commercial 
momentum across all business lines with order intake reaching €9.3 billion in the first 
half. 
Airbus is working closely with the French Air Force and the French Sécurité Civile, 
deploying the A400M firefighting fleet to support during the...wildfires that we see 
currently in the southwest of France.
Air France-KLM: During the second quarter following the escalation of the conflict in 
the Middle East, our fuel bill increased by approximately €900 million compared to last 
year. 
AGCO: Based on current policies and recent developments related to IEEPA, Section 
301, Section 232, and Section 122 tariffs, we now expect gross tariff-related costs of 
approximately $115 million in 2026.
Amada: In Europe, sales rose 7% on both a consolidated basis and on a basis excluding 
the impact of M&A, partly due to the resumption of Italy’s energy-saving support 
program. Currently, both our US subsidiary and our customers are facing a severe 
labor shortage, but we are determined to ensure that this situation translates into 
sales. To that end, we have assigned staff within the subsidiary to monitor the status of 
customers’ construction projects and have begun implementing a system in April to 
prioritize shipments to customers who are ready for installation. This priority shipping 
policy has proven effective, and we are currently achieving shipment volumes that 
exceed those of the previous period. By continuing to do this, we will prioritize serving 
the customers we can accommodate first, thereby driving sales and increasing our 
revenue. We will continue to implement these measures.
Amentum Holdings: Starting in nuclear, we had bookings for multiple 
commercial customers that totaled over $400 million to provide solutions 
supporting the initial engineering, development and design of advanced 


[Page 6]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 6
nuclear technologies...First, our position as global delivery partner to Rolls-Royce 
continues to gain momentum as they were selected for small modular reactor 
deployments in Sweden and signed contracts to move forward on previously announced 
awards in the UK and Czech Republic...Second, we announced a strategic partnership 
with Westinghouse under which Amentum will support engineering and commercial 
deployment of Westinghouse's APX platform, including its AP1000 gigawatt reactor 
and AP300 SMR...Lastly, Amentum was selected by the Department of Energy to lead 
development of an AI data-center and energy infrastructure project at the Savannah 
River site. Under this initiative, Amentum will lead a broad consortium to develop, 
design, build and operate a multi-gigawatt nuclear facility and AI data centers. 
I think this administration is very much focused on the need for additional electricity to 
power the AI economy and that it's a national security issue...I think the hyperscalers 
fully understand that if they're going to get the ability to build the data centers they 
need to sustain their businesses, they need additional electricity.  So I think there are two 
things. One that's driving it is the Trump Administration's desire for 10 more gigawatt 
plants under construction by 2030.
I think the other thing is just the overall SMR market with a whole host of OEMs, 
including Westinghouse and, of course, Rolls Royce where we're working with. But 
there are other OEMs that are putting tremendous investment and the US government is 
supporting those companies because of the need for alternatives to larger gigawatt 
plants and having smaller, say, between 100 and 400 megawatt opportunities to build 
and maybe in a faster way and a bit more flexibility in communities across the United 
States.
Ameresco Inc: So we see all of the same trends that are driving data center demand or 
any demand for electricity is rising energy costs, energy insecurity, aging infrastructure, 
deferred maintenance, all of these things which are either somehow driving the demand 
for data center power or just driving all of our electricity bills up, both personally and 
professionally.
The Department of Defense, I think you all can probably understand, is not slowing 
down….plenty of spending in that space... In the critical infrastructure that these bases 
use, we are on almost all the federal bases. We're the number one federal contractor for 
energy efficiency and generation. 
And there's a significant amount of tailwinds in that business from both domestic fuels 
as well as international. There's a lot of demand for green gas internationally as well as 
domestically. And there's a ton of political support for it on both sides of the aisle. Even 
though it's viewed as a renewable source, the current administration uses it as domestic 
fuel. The current administration loves domestic fuels. The subsidies that also support 
that biogas business are largely agricultural subsidies there if they're 
supporting the farm belt. And so the biofuels mandate is basically bipartisan. 
It's been quite strong under both administrations.
A lot of our European growth has been in the solar space, large-scale, utility-scale solar. 
In fact, you saw in our announcement – earnings announcement that we just put online, 
the single largest plant in Greece, 560 megawatts, just got energized last quarter. So we 
see a tremendous opportunity in the large-scale solar and battery space in 
Europe, and we see tremendous growth.
At the end of the day, there's going to be a huge push for materials, for labor. But 
we're able to foresee that, plan for it, find the choke points, the bottlenecks, and be able 
to execute on them.
And that's a part that was underappreciated of the last quarter and maybe the last few 
quarters is that in addition to $1.2 billion of data center awards in Q2, we had $600 
million of new awards in the non data center space in our core markets where it's federal 
government buildings, European infrastructure, other front of the meter, behind the 
meter infrastructure.
AO Smith: But recognize that the tariff environment remains fairly fluid, including the 
recently announced Section 301 tariffs. So if I step back a bit more broadly, overall tariffs, 
including tariff refunds, we aren't expecting to have a material impact on earnings or 
margins for the full year, and we just continue to monitor that evolving environment.
I think, again, when you think about the Section 301 tariffs replacing the Section 122 
tariffs, as you think about how that was described, it'd be a slightly higher headwind 
there.
A P Moller Maersk: And it is anything that is related to electrification from storage, so 
batteries, solar panels, parts for either solar panels, windmills, turbines, grid, electricity 
grid, anything that has to do with electrification, cooling units for data centers and other 


[Page 7]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 7
things, EVs.  So anything that has to do with electrification and the race to build more 
power capacity is driving demand for industrial products whose production base is very 
Asia-centric and Asia dependent. At the macro level, market demand continued 
unabated despite the disruptions from the war in the Gulf driven by Far East exports on 
almost all trade lanes. Exports from the Far East grew for the third consecutive year while 
the back-haul volumes were stagnant or negative. This has led to significantly more 
imbalanced trade flows and increased congestions in various regions including 
Europe, the east coast of South America, West Africa and the Middle East as 
volume levels are challenging the limits of ports and landside infrastructures in 
these regions. In effect, the bottleneck in the supply chain is now moving from 
ships to the landside and this cannot be debottlenecked quickly. Bunker prices 
were up 44% year-on-year, resulting in a negative impact of around $612 million.
Array Technologies: ...customer demand is shifting toward more integrated utility-
scale solar solutions that simplify our customer's execution and improve their project 
economics. 
So, fixed-tilt demand continues to benefit from AI data center demand and utility scale 
growth. 
Atlas Copco: We also have invested in the, let's say, large-scale heat pumps. And we 
got the orders as well in the quarter for that. To do things like district heating, you need 
large heat pumps that we supply the product.
Axon Enterprise Inc: But every data center understands, especially with now some of 
the rising controversy around data centers, that any disgruntled person with a 3D 
printer, access to a drone, and the Internet could build something that could cause real 
problems. 
BAE Systems: You can see this in our order intake with GBP 16 billion of new orders 
secured in the first six months of the year, taking our order backlog to a new record of 
GBP 84 billion. 
Two countries that are relatively small for us now, but where we see great potential are 
Japan and Canada. Japan is on a path to double its defense spending by 2027. It's a core 
partner of GCAP, and we're exploring how we can support the country in other areas of 
defense capability. Meanwhile, Canada has committed to NATO's 3.5% target, which 
will drive a large sustained increase in defense investment. We are already working with 
the Canadian Government by providing the warship design for Canada's River Class 
destroyer. And in recent weeks, we have reached agreement to support the rapid 
delivery of an Arctic Ove the Horizon Radar capability. And Canada has now officially 
joined the Global Combat Air Program as an observer.
BOC Aviation: ...the situation in the Middle East has contributed to higher energy 
prices, driving a 65% increase in the average price of Singapore jet kerosene in 
first half 2026. 
Bilfinger: ...we have to admit that politicians, act quite quick. You know that we have 
that weekend or Sunday truck driving restriction, and some of the states actually lifted 
that completely to put more from the water to the truck, which is good...we see, in 
the Central European chemical industry, some additional work coming out based off the 
Iran war and the reduced energy supply into Asia that counter - that made it, in the last 
few weeks and months, more positive for some of our clients here in Germany and 
actually in Central Europe.
Boeing: Backlog continued to grow and remains at a record level of $597 billion, 
including over 6,200 airplanes. 
Brenntag: In North America, industry concerns have shifted away from oversupply and 
destocking towards supply reliability, feedstock availability, energy markets and 
geopolitical risk. In EMEA end market demand continues to be subdued and we are 
monitoring closely what effect energy and feedstock prices will have on inflation.
One would expect with fertilizers and a lot of the raw materials that come from Middle 
East on fertilizers that that would create the upward price pressure, and then people 
maybe get a bit more inventory, the producers, our customers, but we haven't seen any 
of that in our business. 


[Page 8]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 8
Canadian National: This year, we have seen a very active wildfire season in both 
Northern Ontario and British Columbia. The safety of our employees and of the 
communities we operate through is our first area of focus. We are monitoring the 
wildfires closely, both for our own operations and for our customers' operations, and we 
continue to work closely with local authorities.
Carel Industries: In fact, HVAC grew by approximately 24%, organically supported by 
data centers, residential and a very good improvement in industrial. More broadly, the 
European Refrigeration market continues to benefit from the transition towards natural 
refrigerants, supported by the F-Gas regulation and by the group's strong technological 
positioning. And then in Europe, we are seeing the strengthening of the data centers. So 
the level of investment in data centers in Europe is picking up and also in the 
industrial. So the industrial application is strengthening in Europe and in EMEA. We 
had been seeing this coming risk for several quarters now. And we have been stocking 
up and increasing our safety stocks of, in particular, memories, but also relays for several 
quarters now. You can see that also reflected in the working capital, which is going up. 
And that's specifically because we are increasing the strategic stock levels of some 
components in particular memories. In terms of the wind, the offshore wind sector, we 
believe that it's also been suffering in the last few years, but probably it has quite a good 
potential for the years to come.
Caterpillar: Power generation grew 72%, driven by very strong demand for large 
gensets and turbines used in data-center applications.
Moving on to Construction Industries. In the second quarter, we delivered our first units 
to major projects, which is a specialized fully Cat dealer-owned rental joint venture 
focused on supporting customers with multibillion-dollar projects across North America. 
Major projects will serve customers developing large-scale infrastructure including 
transportation, energy, manufacturing and data center builds. It's a supplemental 
national rental solution to help deliver larger-size-class construction equipment 
and capabilities where existing individual dealer rental fleets aren't sufficient 
to execute at scale. We believe major projects will expand our presence in the rental 
industry and make it easier for large contractors to do business with us and our dealers.
We continue to anticipate full-year growth in power generation for both Cat 
reciprocating engines and Solar Turbines, driven by increasing energy demand 
to support data center buildout related to cloud computing and generative AI. 
Additionally, prime power demand continues to trend higher as customers look to 
Caterpillar's turbine and reciprocating engine products and services to support their 
need for power solutions.
Non-residential investment in critical infrastructure programs, heavy construction and 
data centers is contributing to overall construction spending levels.
There is a lot of discussion around AI demand. We have constant discussions with our 
customers and all I can tell you is what our discussions with them are. No one is 
slowing down at the moment. In fact, if we can get more units out. They're 
asking us to give them more units.
And we did this not just based on data-center demand, that's obviously a big driver of it, 
but we have aftermarket growth objectives to take care of our growing installed base on 
large engines and turbines.
When it comes to gas prime, we're pretty extended. We're towards the back half of 
2028 and into 2029. On turbines, maybe just a little bit farther than that. A little less on 
maybe diesel standby.
Traditional hookups to the grid and data centers are still moving heavily down the 
diesel recip for backup. Demand continues to grow for that. When you go behind the 
meter with gas solutions, sometimes they'll have gas recips that also have some 
redundancy there, and it really just depends on the project.
To support the demand growth in power generation and oil and gas applications, we're 
excited to resume production of our 10-megawatt medium-speed gas 
reciprocating engine platform. 
 In Power & Energy, sales to users grew a robust 33%. Power generation grew 72%, 
driven by very strong demand for large gensets and turbines used in data-center 
applications.
Cathay Pacific Airways: As I'm sure you all have read about the cargo demand in 
support of the AI infrastructure boom is definitely very real. AI infrastructure, tech 
products are moving and driving a high demand, hence supporting yields.
...about a lot of the cargo growth this year is really, again, there's very strong demand, 
driven by this whole AI boom. A lot of high-tech products traveling both within the 


[Page 9]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 9
region and also from Asia to U.S.
CK Hutchison: But I would add to that, everything that is happening that is climate-
related in addition to other inflationary pressures...we may end up with food price 
inflation as a result of both the climate, right, and the constraints on things like 
fertilizer and things like diesel fuel, right, hitting us, right, in the second half 
and into 2027.
As for the outlook for the rest of the year, the Middle East situation remains highly 
unpredictable and trade tensions are expected to continue affecting global trade. 
However, with the division's geographically diversified portfolio, favorable mix of 
operations in gateway and transshipment ports, and continued focus on productivity 
and cost efficiency, the division is expected to achieve earnings growth in 2026 as a 
whole. Meanwhile, the Ports division continues to advance its decarbonization strategy 
through the electrification of equipment and trucks. This, together with the increased 
adoption of renewable electricity, which already accounting for over 50% of the 
division's total consumption, supports continued progress towards the division's long-
term net zero ambition.
CNH Industrial: Commodity prices remain at or below breakeven levels for 
many growers, while fuel, fertilizer and transportation costs remain elevated.
...we did see a soft – a turn to a little bit more negative sentiment in EMEA, and it was a 
surprise. We weren't expecting it. We had viewed EMEA as a bright spot. And again, 
while we had hoped inventory – dealer destocking everywhere, and we expected it in 
EMEA, it actually increased in EMEA. So that was the one area we were a little bit caught 
by. And I think really, it's due to a couple of factors. One, the weather there is 
extremely hot, there's drought conditions, it's hurting crops, hurting sentiment, 
coupled with the higher input costs we're seeing... with fertilizer, fuel, et cetera. 
All those things have combined, I think, to really put a bit of a pall, cast some 
gloom over farmer sentiment in EMEA.
We are reviewing the recent Section 301 tariffs for forced labor that went into effect 10 
days ago. At this point, we think the impact on CNH will be minimal, but there are still 
ongoing Section 301 investigations on excess capacity.
China Yuchai International: ...we have introduced new innovative products in first 
half 2026 commercial minibusses equipped with Yuchai's YCY24-65 kilowatt Flywheel 
Range Extender System or YC-FRS were launched in the heavily congested Hong Kong 
vehicle market. This new technology reduces the need for fixed charging infrastructure. 
We also created a breakthrough in our alternative fuels program with our first high 
pressure direct injection internal combustion engine capable of operating entirely on 
ammonia.
Copa Holdings: During the quarter, average all-in jet fuel prices increased 85% 
year-over-year from $2.32 to $4.28 per gallon. Despite having approximately 40% of 
our second quarter bookings already sold before the increase in fuel prices, strong 
demand and higher yields enable us to recover approximately 40% of the year-over-year 
increase in fuel expenses during the quarter.
Looking ahead, while fuel prices remain elevated and  relative to prior year levels 
underlying demand trends across our network continue to be strong.
Cummins Inc: While customer demand remains exceptionally strong, particularly for 
data center applications, our growth in 2026 will continue to be constrained by 
capacity.
Cummins India Ltd: For the domestic market, we see from an end market perspective, 
power generation growth to be pretty strong. We have seen that in this quarter. I am 
basing my optimism based on the orders we are generating today. So across, be it 
manufacturing, data centers, residential, commercial realty, all those we see decent 
order velocity in the power generation space in domestic market. 
Yes, the datacenters inquiries, as they had picked up in the last few quarters, the 
momentum continues. Very strong momentum on the datacenter side. And our 
execution has also been strong.
I think the commodity increases at this point in time are very unprecedented 
than ever in the past. And freight, by the way, as well, has also been a 
challenge. Freight costs have been increasing. There are continuous supply chain 
issues that we see and continue to manage.


[Page 10]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 10
From a BESS perspective, we are still in the process of getting orders. We have 
already installed the BESS at our - one of our own plants, rebuild - our own Rebuild 
Center in Phaltan. We have installed this BESS as a demonstrator and getting our 
customers to see and experience that.
Daikin: In the data center sector in particular, sales grew significantly as we capitalized 
on strong demand by increasing production capacity and expanding our product lineup.
In the chemicals segment, sales of high-performance resins for semiconductor 
manufacturing equipment and coating materials for high-speed communication cables 
used in data centers remained strong, resulting in a significant improvement in 
profitability compared to the same period last year.
In addition, to meet the strong demand for data center cooling while keeping 
investment in check, we are working to establish a production system that utilizes leased 
factories.
...here is currently a heat wave in Europe, and our European operations are seeing 
very strong shipment volumes.
We have a system in place that allows us to immediately increase production if the 
summer gets hot.
First of all, both commercial and heat pump heating are on the rise in terms of 
sales value. However, as for applied, due to the situation in the Middle East, there were 
some cases where shipments were halted, so the number looks weak.
For example, at our manufacturing plants in the air conditioning business, we are 
proceeding with the transfer of SKY production from Thailand to the United States in 
order to minimize the impact of US tariffs. In addition, to meet the strong demand for 
data center cooling while keeping investment in check, we are working to establish a 
production system that utilizes leased factories. s
Daimler Truck Holding: In zero-emission trucks, we achieved around 38% share of the 
European heavy-duty segment in the first half of 2026, so we are clearly leading. Even 
though zero emission truck adoption in Europe remains at an early stage, registrations 
increased to around 6% of total registrations in Q2, which is up from approximately 2% 
in the previous quarter and in 2025. We believe we are well positioned to benefit from 
the continued transition towards sustainable transportation.
In order to reach the 43% CO2 target, reduction electrification rate in 2030 has to be 
around 35%. So for sure, it's a steep slope to go from the 6%, which was still much 
better than what we've seen before, but the 6% to 35%. And the main bottleneck still 
remains infrastructure, meaning charging stations. 
...when it comes to the river Rhine and the drought, one thing where it also affects us 
is logistics because we need to make sure that in the second half of the year, where we 
expect higher volumes in Mercedes-Benz trucks, that we get the trucks to our 
customers. So we've already taken measures for alternative routings on the road 
instead of on the river to make sure that our customers receive their trucks.
Datwyler: Our diversified end market exposure and local for local manufacturing 
footprint continue to enhance the resilience of our businesses.
Deere: Across both agriculture and construction, labor remains constrained, and 
customers increasingly rely on technology to do more with less. 
De Nora: ...the current geopolitical environment has further reinforced the strategic 
importance of water treatment as a critical asset of economic development, 
resilience and regional and global security. The long-term fundamentals of the 
water treatment market are solid and therefore we expect demand to globally grow 
meaningfully over the medium term.
Salt splitting processes based on membrane electrolysis can play a 
transformative role in downstream lithium refining compared with conventional 
technologies. They enable the production of battery grade products with lower capital 
investment, reduced dependence on chemicals, significant cost savings and lower water 
consumption and a reduced CO2 footprint.
Deutsche Lufthansa: You can see very clearly that fuel has been a major, major 
headwind, even though we are hedged to a very high degree.
Dover Corp: In data centers, the density of thermal requirements of new chips is driving 
a shift towards liquid cooling, as we all know, which directly benefits our connector and 


[Page 11]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 11
heat exchanger businesses.
Downer EDI: The energy transition is driving investment in transmission, renewables, 
battery storage, gas and critical minerals.
Duerr: ...according to...many...sustainable -- sustainability is no longer that important as 
it used to be...But, if you look at what's happening with the fossil fuel prices, we think it 
is still extremely relevant, and this is why we we are absolutely convinced that our focus 
on helping our customers to reduce energy costs and, thus, on operating costs is 
absolutely the right one.
Eaton Corp: The total US data center backlog has grown to 307 gigawatts, or 15 years 
of backlog, at 2025 build rates, up from 12 years in our last update. Only roughly 20% 
of this backlog converts near term. The majority will translate to 2028 and beyond 
deliveries, a very nice tailwind for Eaton for years to come.
Ebara: In response to market trends driven by decarbonization, specifically, the shift 
from gas turbine-driven to electric-motor-driven systems, where gas turbines that were 
previously used as power sources are being replaced by electric motors, our company 
has identified capturing demand for large electric-motor-driven compressors as one of 
our key strategies and is actively working toward this goal.
Also, in the hydrogen business aimed at achieving a decarbonized society, in addition to 
securing orders for airport infrastructure designed for liquid hydrogen receiving 
terminals, we are establishing our technological leadership by obtaining the type 
approval for the world’s first cargo pump for a liquefied hydrogen carrier, as well as for 
shipboard cargo pumps.
Elis: So in Q1, hospitality activity in Paris was briefly penalized by lower hotel occupancy 
following the outbreak of the conflict, but with a rapid return to normal. We saw no 
transport disruption for our Asia sourced linen. On cost we did see a material increase in 
gas and electricity spot prices since the beginning of the conflict of around plus 50%.
Emerson Electric Co: Electrification is also driving exceptional activity in grid 
modernization and ACV in AspenTech's Digital Grid Management suite was up 28%.
ESAB Corp: Eddyfi powers the next phase of ESAB's workflow and is a global leader in 
inspection and monitoring technologies for mission-critical applications with clear 
leadership in electromagnetic testing, ultrasonic testing and automated inspection. It 
serves attractive end markets with strong secular tailwinds across aerospace and 
defense, nuclear, infrastructure and oil and gas. These tailwinds are driven by 
aging 
infrastructure, 
rising 
inspection 
requirements, 
growing 
power 
generation demand, and industry wide skilled labor shortage.
Fanuc: We believe that in response to strong capital investments worldwide, the 
procurement environment is tight across the industry as a whole, rather than being 
influenced by company-specific factors. Extended lead times are being observed 
not only for semiconductors and electrical/electronic components, but also for a 
wide range of materials including mechanical parts. We are addressing these issues 
through maximum company-wide efforts, including the use of alternative components 
and second- and third-source suppliers In the market in China, it is a fact that our 
delivery times have become longer amid very strong demand, and we recognize that 
some customers have adopted competitors' products as a result.
Physical AI is attracting significant attention, and we are receiving inquiries from many 
customers.
Flowserve: Notably, nuclear bookings were over $110 million in the quarter, 
including an award for new large reactors in Asia and several life extension awards 
in North America.
Fluence: I will provide an update on the progress we have made in driving new order 
intake and building our backlog, both of which were at record levels this 
quarter. I'll discuss our growing business, which includes robust demand from our core 
customers, combined with a rapid expansion of data center customers from which we 
received our first orders and contract awards totaling $850 million. 


[Page 12]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 12
Fluor Corp: In nuclear, we're progressing the FEED work for the X-Energy Dow project 
and are preparing a detailed cost estimate for the Cernavodă project in Romania.
Fujikura: Regarding tariffs, IEEPA tariff refunds are forecast at JPY6.2 billion in H1. It’s 
basically a matter of factoring in this forecast that the amount that we’re confident of 
will be refunded. In addition, based on the new Section 301 of the US Trade Act, we 
understand the rate to be set at 12.5%, and this forecast has been prepared with that 
impact factored in.
Furukawa Electric: For copper foil, operating profit was revised upward by 
approximately JPY 2.5 billion for the full year, mainly reflecting a more favorable product 
mix toward high-performance copper foil driven by demand from AI data centers. 
At present, optical fiber production is operating close to its maximum capacity 
relative to demand.
GE Vernova: In onshore wind, we see opportunity as customers repower their existing 
projects. In our installed base in the US, there are approximately 10 gigawatts of units 
with repowering potential, projects that have already qualified for the new production 
tax credits. Finally, we are investing for the long term on nuclear. We continue 
advancing the SMR for industrialization at scale as evidenced by our progress on the 
existing project underway in Ontario. In 2Q, we secured two more tech selects in early 
work agreements for SMR in the US.
In gas power, we shipped 3 gigawatts while signing 20 gigawatts of orders and slot 
reservation agreements in the quarter in countries like the US, Brazil, and Qatar to grow 
our total gigawatts under contract from 100 to 116 gigawatts sequentially.
In the first half of the year, we have booked $800 million in orders for transformers in the 
US that will be fulfilled by our global factories...
Electrification equipment orders continued outpacing revenue and further increased our 
equipment backlog to $41 billion, up 69% or roughly $17 billion compared to the 
second quarter of 2025.
Given that we've now reached our 20 gigawatt annualized run rate and are on track for 
24 gigawatts in 2028, we now see further opportunity to serve this growing demand 
with 30 gigawatts of annual output in ‘30 in a capital-efficient manner utilizing lean and 
incremental machinery in our existing factory footprint and have already secured 
significant supply chain capacity, all funded by customer down payments.
Generac Holdings Inc: ...we now have an Absorption Chiller portfolio geared to the 
data-center space that will allow our customers who generate power locally to capture a 
meaningful part of that excess heat and put it to use within the thermal management 
architecture, allowing them to reduce the power needed for thermal management by up 
to more than 40%.
Georg Fischer: Surging AI demand is driving a wave of investment with global data 
center CapEx expected to reach $1.7 trillion over the next five years, and computing 
demand to set to more than doubled by 2030 exceeding 200-gigawatt. One large 100-
megawatt data center, if liquid-cooled, creates an addressable opportunity for GF of 
around CHF 15 million supporting our mid-term sales target of CHF 300 million for this 
segment.
In engineered infrastructure solutions, including stormwater, demand is driven by 
climate-related flooding, aging networks and regulation.
Long-term demand for water supply and heating and cooling is supported by structural 
housing shortages, increasingly stringent drinking water regulations, and building 
renovations coupled with heat pump adoption...
Getlink: Eurostar traffic continued to grow in the first half with passenger volumes up 
4% from last year despite some operational disruption, notably in June, because of 
the heat waves.
...They also suffered quite a lot in the end of May and in June of the heat waves.Some 
weeks, they canceled 10% of their services just because they couldn't operate 
more because of those heat waves.
GFL Environmental: Looking specifically at fuel, as anticipated, our direct cost per unit 
of diesel in the quarter increased nearly 60% year-over-year. The second quarter also 
saw indirect diesel cost impacts as our third-party transportation providers implemented 
incremental fuel surcharge, which resulted in a CAD 5 million headwind to our Q2 


[Page 13]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 13
guide.
Grab Holdings: Longer term, obviously, EVs are coming into the marketplace in 
Southeast Asia in a very rapid rate. We're being a catalyst for that because we think 
that this is a structural buffer for volatility in oil prices going forward and it 
fundamentally reduces the total cost of ownership for drivers. So EVs actually 
have lower costs once the initial investment is made in the vehicle. So this quarter, for 
example, we announced nine new fleet partnerships in Thailand. We've announced a 
new partnership with Wuling in Indonesia, and we've expanded charging access 
through the app for drivers in the Philippines. So in nearly every market, we have 
examples of how we're becoming a positive catalyst for the introduction of cleaner 
vehicles into Southeast Asia.
HD Hyundai Heavy Industries: ...some updates about on our business with 
TerraPower. Hyundai Heavy Industries, at the end of 2024, signed an agreement with 
TerraPower for its SMR demonstration project in the state of Wyoming of the United 
States. Hyundai Heavy Industries is going to supply a cylindrical type of reactor for that 
project. Among the component suppliers for that project, as the first supplier, Hyundai 
Heavy Industries will be initiating production of key components at the end of 2026. In 
past May, we have already signed an MOU about the manufacturing and production of 
core components for that TerraPower project, and we were selected as the preferred 
bidder for the Natrium SMR device. We are currently consulting with the company, 
TerraPower.
Our shipbuilding affiliates secured a total of $16.38 billion in orders during the first half 
of the year, achieving 96.2% of the annual order target. 
Shipbuilding operating profit increased by 26% quarter-over-quarter and 74% year-
over-year, supported by vessel price rise and revenue increase.
HD KSOE: In the short term, you may think of gas turbines, but that's not free from the 
bottleneck effect, and that's because the timely delivery of gas turbines is limited.
But if you look at the requirements of these tech companies, they are seeking 
carbon free and decarbonized data center operations. 
So we are currently working on both, not just about SMR-propelled shipment vessels, 
we are also working on power plant purposes using SMR as well. 
Hexcel: Industry fundamentals remain compelling with the backlog of commercial 
aircraft at more than 18,000 units, according to data from IATA, including an estimated 
unmet demand of more than 5,000 aircraft.
Hitachi: In Energy power grids, orders increased significantly Y-o-Y in the first 
quarter, supported by a continued strong demand for transmission equipment. 
...the power grid business benefited from solid demand for power grid equipment in 
several large-scale HVDC projects in Europe. 
In energy power grids, orders increased significantly YoY in Q1, supported by continued 
strong demand for transmission equipment, and including foreign exchange effects, 
revenue increased 37%.
Hitachi Construction Machinery: We have incorporated the impact as higher 
material costs. This mainly relates to the procurement of fuel, thinners, oils, and similar 
materials, although availability is improving. Transportation costs have also 
increased; however, a certain level of these costs had already been incorporated into 
our initial outlook, allowing us to absorb part of the impact. As the scale of our business 
around the Strait of Hormuz is limited, we do not anticipate a significant impact on 
consolidated revenue. 
Honeywell International Inc: In Process Automation too, there is an interesting 
dynamic that our Process Automation business is moving to new verticals as well. 
So, if you think about life sciences, if you think about a little bit of discrete from pharma, 
medical devices build out, if you think about cyber, if you think about the US onshoring 
and semiconductors business, all that is helping the business grow as well. 
Hubbell: Additionally, we anticipate an improvement in price/cost productivity relative 
to our prior outlook, driven by an anticipated net benefit of $20 million in the quarter, 
largely as a result of IEEPA refunds, net of potential customer considerations and a slight 


[Page 14]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 14
increase in underlying tariff costs from recent changes to the Section 301 tariff 
framework.
And then, in terms of any structural changes to Section 301 or Section 232, I'd say over 
the course of this year, there's been minor changes along the way of any substance one 
way or another, there's been some minor pluses and minuses.
IHI Corp: Sales revenue from nuclear energy is steadily expanding, while power 
systems, marine machinery, and data center-related businesses are also growing steadily.
IMI: Over half of IMI sales are directly supported by rising energy demand and energy 
efficiency, and I wanted to provide an update on how this long-term megatrend is 
driving sustainable profitable growth. Firstly, in conventional power where IMI is a key 
supplier to the large gas turbine OEMs, we continue to see strong demand in the first 
half with organic order intake up 24% and new construction actually doubling. This is 
being driven by widespread electrification and the need for stable, reliable energy to 
power data centers.
INNIO NV: Our order equipment backlog reached a record $6.6 billion at quarter end. 
...White House announced that nearly all utilities as well as several co-location 
companies, signed the Ratepayer Protection Pledge. We believe this is a sign of growing 
support for behind-the-meter power.
The highlight this quarter was a 1.1 gigawatt order for Megascale Data-Center 
Customer, one of the largest orders in our history that we outlined in today's press 
Release. More than 200 Jenbacher J624 engines are expected to provide resilient 
scalable behind the meter prime power.
Interpump Group SpA: US tariffs have transitioned from an acute issue to a chronic 
but manageable one, with firms adapting prices and supply chain strategies accordingly.
JELD-WEN Holding: July performance was affected by temporary production 
disruptions related to Canadian wildfire smoke, which required us to shut down certain 
sites for a period of time.
JetBlue Airways: Despite extremely difficult, unpredictable convective weather 
coupled with ongoing ATC staffing constraints, our team has shown incredible 
dedication to our customers and each other.
Johnson Controls International: Our strong third-quarter result and record backlog 
gives us the confidence to raise our fiscal 2026 guidance. We now expect organic 
revenue growth of approximately 8%, up from our previous expectation of 
approximately 6%. 
Organic sales increased 10% in the quarter led by strength in Applied HVAC and 
continued growth across both systems and service. System sales increased 11%, service 
increased 7% and Applied HVAC delivered high teen growth supported by data-center 
demand.
...we introduced our AI Factory Absorption Chiller reference design guide which 
demonstrates how advanced thermal management can reduce cooling 
electrical demand by approximately 44% by converting waste heat into productive 
cooling.
Kawasaki Heavy Industries: Regarding key initiatives, as part of our efforts to provide 
decarbonization solutions, we presented a demonstration project for the separation and 
recovery of CO₂ from waste incineration exhaust gas at the Clean Center in Koriyama 
City, Fukuyama Prefecture.
KEI Industries Ltd: There is a good demand in data centers and related energy segment 
in power transmission and distribution segment, renewable energy like solar and wind 
electric 
vehicles 
infrastructure, 
railway 
electrification, 
urban 
infrastructure, 
manufacturing in domestic as well as in global market.
The export is impacted because of non execution of several orders from the 
Middle East because of the war in Iran and also due to the custom duties issue in 
the United States. 


[Page 15]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 15
Kelsian Group: Investment in better public transport creates a reinforcing cycle of 
improved services, player patronage, and further network investment. With 
households increasingly focused on transport affordability, governments are 
investing in more frequent, reliable, and accessible public transport as part of broader 
cost of living, congestion, and sustainability objectives.
Kennametal Inc: The final component of sales growth is price, driven by higher 
tungsten cost. Tungsten outside of China has now stabilized, but remains at 
historically high levels.
Keppel Infrastructure Trust: We are also developing a pipeline of proprietary energy 
transition and infrastructure projects across the low carbon, hydrogen and ammonia 
value chains as well as the importation of up to 1 gigawatt of low carbon energy into 
Singapore.
Despite geopolitical tensions, the demand for sustainable digital and energy 
infrastructure continues to rise with accelerating AI adoption.
Komatsu: We have also factored in the impact of additional Section 301 tariffs that 
took effect in July. As a result, we have revised the impact of cost decrease due to US 
tariffs to plus ¥25.8 billion.
So we assumed 10% tariff rates. And due to the announcements by the US, it was 
replaced by 301 and 10% became 15% instead. That led to higher tariff costs.
Kubota: While crop prices in Thailand are gradually rising, the risk of drought caused 
by El Niño means that the market is expected to take a little more time to recover. While 
in India we need to remain mindful of developments in the Middle East and the impact 
of weather conditions, the market is expected to continue growing against the 
backdrop of economic expansion. 
Kumba Iron Ore: Rainfall in April and early May was the highest on record ever 
recorded for Sishen since 1963; and for Kolomela, it was the highest on record ever 
recorded since 1918, and that's our records. And as you can imagine, this resulted in 
flooding across the entire region and also flooding at our operations as well. Now this, 
coupled with equipment availability and reliability challenges, did impact our waste 
mining.
Larsen & Toubro: The order book in this segment [Energy – Green] was at INR 1,467 
billion comprising of solar projects of INR 740 billion, offshore wind projects of INR 568 
billion, and onshore wind projects of INR 158 billion.
In the near term, the Middle East region continues to navigate logistical and trade 
disruptions arising from the incomplete normalization of traffic through the Strait of 
Hormuz, increasing reliance on ports along the Gulf of Oman and the Red Sea corridor.
Legrand: So for example, we're not selling air conditioning or we're not selling a heat 
pump, but we are selling the backend infrastructure that supports HVAC, heat pump, or 
electrification So again, switchgear, transformers, and so on and so forth.
Lennox International: [in answer to a question on heat pumps]...we are winning share 
in the replacement market. A lot of that is coming from heat pumps.
Leonardo: First of all, something I think we all know. Lesson learned. We are in a new 
paradigm in our world and in our markets. Lessons learned from recent conflicts show us 
that we can have different wars in a single conflict, a traditional one. So with the artillery 
boots on the ground, together with new cyber, electronic warfare, cognitive war, and at 
the same time, terrible new threats based on advanced technologies. Just an example 
for all the rest, high hypersonic missiles, gliding missiles. This has changed completely 
the need, the requirements of our customers, creating the need for faster and more 
resilience and mostly very integrated solutions. A second cardinal point, we have 
entered into a period of defense spending acceleration. This is definitely true in the 
United States, although with some confrontations sometimes, but also in Europe, 
despite different countries behaving in slightly different modes, we are really convinced 
that we are in a structural, long-term defense spending trend. Leonardo is in a good 
position to take advantage and benefit of this situation thanks to the breadth of the 
portfolio.


[Page 16]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 16
LG Energy Solution: ...we do expect that in North America there will be new capacity 
that will be running and therefore versus the previous quarter, we expect at a minimum 
around 50% increase in the overall shipments on the ESS side.
(ESS) Driven by the strategic utilization of five North American production sites and 
active response to surging demand, ESS business achieved 4.6x year-on-year revenue 
growth and secured new orders exceeding KRW 3 trillion.
ESS Trend: Rising power demand and sustained investment in AI infrastructure are 
driving growth across both Front-of-the-Meter (FTM) and Behind-the-Meter (BTM) 
sectors. Specifically, as ESS has become an essential component to reduce power load 
volatility, and UPS and BBU have become critical parts for data centers, the scope of ESS 
applications is getting significantly expanded. ESS Direction: LG Energy Solution will 
leverage its position as North America's largest ESS manufacturer to meet non-PFE 
requirements and strengthen its product lineup (BESS, UPS, BBU) for power grids and 
data centers.
EV Trend: Demand for 46-Series cylindrical batteries is increasing as thermal safety 
regulations tighten and next-generation vehicles increasingly adopt structural battery 
integration...EV Direction:...Technical advances will also follow-including 10-minute fast 
charging and battery pack designs to further enhance safety.
EV 2H Action Plan: Prepare for the start of production at the Arizona facility, as well as 
stable operation of EV pouch production lines across North America and Europe…
By converting EV capacity into ESS, we've been responding to demand 
changes... In result, ESS revenue more than quadrupled Y-o-Y, taking off high 20% in 
the revenue mix and AI data center project for a hyperscaler end user is included in the 
more than KRW 3 trillion new orders we secured in the first half. In May and June, the 
GM JV Phase 2 and Honda JV sequentially kick started the ESS lines. By year end, we 
were securing more than 50-gigawatt hours of ESS production capacity in North 
America.
Lockheed Martin: Our backlog reached a new all-time high, now $230 billion.
MinebeaMitsumi: Demand related to air-cooling fans remains strong.
The PT segment and air-cooling fans in particular are running significantly above initial 
targets. 
Mitsui & Co Ltd: Waitsia, the natural gas project in Australia that began commercial 
production in FY March 2026, started to contribute to earnings this quarter. In addition, 
the solar power generation project in the US invested in 2025 was completed within 
budget and is expected to begin contributing to earnings in Q2.
...Chemicals trading – basic chemicals trading is bringing in cash flow, especially the 
sulfur. Based on the Middle East situation, the commodity prices, or rather the 
volume, the trading is very tight. 
Nexans: I want to highlight two figures that really capture the scale of the opportunity. 
First, around 80 million of kilometers of cable will need to be built or replaced by 2040. 
This is the equivalent of rebuilding today's entire grid over the next 15 years. And 
second, close to 50% of the world power grid will not be fit for purpose to handle this 
renewable energy by 2030.
...heat wave...it could have slowed down some of the construction works 
outside during the day. So it didn't have any positive effect for us.
NuScale Power: Demand for reliable carbon-free power is not building slowly. It 
is accelerating. Every major hyperscaler, every large industrial offtaker, every utility with 
an eye on the next decade is now engaged in some version of the same conversation. 
We need power now. We need it to be clean. And we need it on a timeline that actually 
maps to our business. That urgency is real and it is growing.
nVent Electric PLC: And keep in mind liquid cooling is, maybe it's now 10% to 15% of 
cooling in data centers.
OC Oerlikon Corp: In Energy, the industrial gas turbine market, which from Oerlikon 
product offering point of view is close to aero turbines, experienced strong growth in the 
first half. This is driven by the surge in power demand for data centers triggered by the 
boom of artificial intelligence applications. 
At the same time, geopolitical risks and supply chain disruptions keep impacting 
customers' behavior. For example, with regard to precautionary stocking, also 


[Page 17]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 17
growth dynamics in semicon a key growth market for Oerlikon remains strong.
In addition to volume growth, we also leveraged our pricing power, including 
surcharges for critical minerals, in particular Tungsten and Yttrium.
Owens-Corning Inc: In North American residential, the demand for more energy 
efficient homes has steadily increased insulation requirements, driving the need for 
approximately 30% more insulation per home than a decade ago, while an under-built 
US housing market continues to support long-term demand.
In Europe, evolving energy efficiency regulations and renovation activity are changing 
construction practices and creating additional opportunities.
Polycab: I think under the National Generation Adequacy Plan of government [India], I 
think by FY 2036 we have to reach somewhere around 1,120-odd gigawatts, where 
70% of that has to come from renewable. So, today, solar is maybe around 150 
gigawatts. It has to go up to almost 500-gigawatt-plus. So, substantial generation, 
maybe I think north of 50, 60 gigawatt every year will continue, right? So all of that will, 
of course, translate into significant cable demand.
Primoris Services Corp: ...we see more than $16 billion of opportunities for solar and 
battery storage across our core geographic markets, where we benefit from long-
standing customer relationships, a proven track record, and deep operational expertise.
Qantas Airways: In FY 2026, our SAF procurement increased to 1.1% of total fuel, and 
we have also committed AUD 30 million towards carbon removal projects, working with 
our partners to target native species planting.
Reliance Worldwide Corp: So we really did see after the start of the Iran war, I think 
we started to see pretty significant resin inflation specifically in our APAC region. 
Republic Services Inc: We continue to believe that our investments in plastic circularity 
and decarbonization position us for profitable growth and long-term value creation. 
Rexel: Successive heat waves are increasing the need for cooling solutions, 
while energy price volatility and energy security concerns are driving customers 
to invest in efficiency, self-generation and energy independence. This is visible 
across our HVAC, solar and EV charging businesses.
Rockwool: Somewhat more broadly and less directly related to the quarterly results, we 
do observe in the market that higher oil and gas prices are driving a greater 
interest in energy efficiency in the build environment. So, while we are affected on 
the cost side, of course, we also expect to benefit from the greater focus on energy 
efficiency that results from the higher energy prices in the market. At the same time, the 
tragic wildfires in South Europe and in North America over the summer are generating 
more awareness about the importance of non-combustible materials, such as 
stone wool.
Rolls-Royce: We are continuing to capture profitable growth in power generation and 
governmental. In Power Generation, we are seeing increasing demand for both 
backup engines and gas engines for use as a prime power source for data 
centers. As a result, we now expect 25% per year growth in power generation OE 
revenues to 2030 compared to our previous target of 20% growth to 2028. This reflects 
strong backup growth alongside growing demand for our gas engines for prime power 
use. Prime power today represents less than 10% of our power generation business, but 
this percentage will rise because we expect a significantly faster growth in prime power 
sales compared to backup.
Product availability is continuing to improve, but product cost inflation remains an 
industry wide challenge, especially in areas such as rare earths and elementals.
Finally, Rolls-Royce SMR was selected in Sweden for three units. We have been 
successful in every competitive tender in Europe and are uniquely positioned to become 
a global leader in SMR. In the UK and Czech Republic, we have now signed the contracts 
and entered the execution phase. In July, we signed an MoU with CEZ and the Czech 
government to enable the preparation of two further sites. We see significant 
demand from other countries, including the US. This supports our ambition to scale 
up to commissioning two SMRs per year in the mid-2030s rising to eight per year at 


[Page 18]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 18
maturity. Rolls-Royce SMR has more firm contractual commitments and a clearer order 
pipeline than any of its listed or unlisted competitors and is already starting to generate 
revenues and profits.
Rotork: In Water & Power, we saw good growth in water infrastructure and treatment 
markets, including multiple municipal water treatment and irrigation projects in the US.
R&S Group Holding AG: Every power plant, every city, every AI model, every data 
center, they rely on a critical part of the power infrastructure, the power 
transformer. For decades, transformers were a mature quiet industry. Today 
they sit at the center of the electricity revolution and demand is accelerating 
faster than global supply can respond.
Decarbonization, decentralization, digitalization and the replacement of aging 
grids are all long-term cycle drivers. 
One topic that we've been communicating since last year is that parts of the utility 
segment, especially for Oil Distribution Transformers mostly in the UK or Switzerland, we 
are seeing a temporary moderation. And why is that? Well, there are two factors 
working together. First, some of our large utility customers have built up high 
inventory levels over the past years because of supply-chain risks. They bought 
more transformers because they were afraid of not having the deliveries because of 
COVID and subsequent effects from the COVID times. So they are reducing the 
inventories.
Saint-Gobain: ...in the last weeks in France, but across Europe. They have been severely 
disrupted by the successive heatwaves in the recent weeks. We can decrease indoor 
temperatures by at least 10 degrees during a heatwave, thanks to a full-range 
building envelope offer for summer comfort, including solar control glass, cool roof 
waterproofing, attic and façade insulation, distribution digital services, and so on.
SATS: In Europe, de minimis world has really been settled. It will take some time for the 
e-commerce players to reroute their e-commerce products. But we believe with a settled 
regulatory regime in place, I think most of the e-commerce players will then fall back to 
the original flows that we saw previously. 
Schneider Electric: We have also created a unique digital portfolio with our Smart 
Green offering which are also adapted for distributed energy and with AiDash we go 
against the next level of intelligence by onboarding a company that will give us what you 
need to manage climate risk, which means when you have wildfire, which is 
unfortunately a big topic in a country like France those days, but also any kind of risk 
which can be related to storm and so on and so forth, vegetation management, AiDASH 
bring those unique capabilities that help you to capture real time to anticipate those kind 
of events.
Siemens Energy: Turning to Grid Technologies, the market environments remains 
equally compelling. Order momentum during the quarter was driven by the product 
business, primarily large power transformers, and demand related to data center 
infrastructure remains healthy and additional brownfield capacity investments 
supported further revenue growth.
Siemens: Grid operators can increase their capacity by up to 30% without investing in 
new hardware. 
The U.S. is our biggest market. We've invested more than $100 billion in the U.S. over 
the past 20 years. Our customers in the U.S. want to strengthen their critical 
infrastructure, bring production back to the country and further expand AI.
Singapore Technologies Engineering: ...we see strong demand, especially given 
recent conflicts that we saw in the Middle East, where air defense counter-drone 
capabilities come to the fore. 
And a key lesson learned from the recent conflict, where your supply chain resilience is 
core.
SGS: Digital Trust delivered double-digit organic growth fueled by strong demand for 
information security, cybersecurity and AI assurance. The need for cyber resilience 
continues to accelerate and the regulatory momentum on AI is building globally. And 


[Page 19]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 19
Sustainability, double-digit organic growth was driven by greenhouse gas emissions, 
verification together with strong demand in forestry and circularity certification. Here we 
support our clients in meeting increasing regulatory requirements such as the Carbon 
Border Adjustment Mechanism or the CBAM where importers into Europe now need 
verified carbon emissions data. 
Southwest Airlines: The results demonstrate that the transformation is working, with 
a 9% after-tax return on invested capital, and an adjusted operating margin of 6.7%, or 
a 3.3 point improvement year-over-year, despite nearly $900 million year-over-year 
increase in second quarter fuel expense.
Stanley Black & Decker: First, consistent with the prior guidance assumptions, we 
maintain our view that the new Section 301 tariffs, including those implemented just 
last week, are likely to be introduced during the next few months at the same level as the 
old IEEPA tariffs, which means our underlying run rate tariffs costs are expected to return 
back to the prior IEEPA levels within a few months.
Sulzer: ...impacts from the Middle East conflict, especially for industry, where we have 
an industry in the fertilizer production seen supply chain disruptions because of the 
blocking of the Strait of Hormuz. And therefore, our industry business is performing the 
weakest currently when we talk about order intake in flow.
...the necessity to have your own infrastructure for energy, for water and for 
chemicals is becoming very clear in many world regions.
Sumitomo Corp: The operating environment remains challenging due to higher input 
costs linked to the Middle East situation, elevated interest rates, weak grain prices, 
lower farmer purchasing appetite, and potential weather-related risks 
associated with El Niño. 
THK Co Ltd: As Physical AI is expected to spread throughout manufacturing worldwide, 
we will further refine the three pillars of our growth strategy, global expansion, 
expansion into new fields, and transformation of our business style, and further expand 
our business domains.
TIC Solutions: We also completed a major high profile pilot for federal offshore 
mapping during the quarter. The project integrated vessel based survey work, 
autonomous underwater vehicle imagery, seafloor data collection and physical sample 
recovery of mineral rich seabed nodules across a complex deep sea environment. The 
work supports national priorities related to domestic supply chain, 
independence for rare earth and other critical minerals.
Triveni Turbine: the fact is that they are execution of certain orders, especially on the 
export side, have gotten deferred by clients because freight rates have gone up 
between three to four times, and those have gotten pushed from Q1 to Q2 to maybe 
Q3 even. 
Uber Technologies Inc: On AI, we are optimizing token spend by setting better 
defaults for different use cases, moving certain tasks to lower-cost or open-weight 
models, and letting employees more clearly understand and manage their spend. As a 
result, cost per token has declined over the past several months, even as adoption has 
continued to increase, allowing us to keep overall AI spend broadly stable.
UL Solutions Inc: Our results also reflect the continuing importance of several long-
term trends we have discussed, including the energy transition, the electrification of 
everything, and increasing automation in industrial markets.
Vamos: Construction, mining, and forestry equipment declined in both comparisons, 
reflecting the current agri business cycle and our reduced exposure to sugar and 
ethanol. Finally, I would like to draw your attention to the strong performance of our 
forklift segment with double-digit growth both in units and gross fixed assets. This 
reflects growing demand for this type of asset from internal logistics operations 
throughout Brazil. Another important point is that we have been further increasing our 
exposure to electric forklifts which have an average purchase price approximately 20% 
to 25% higher than combustion engine forklifts. However, they also have lower 


[Page 20]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 20
maintenance and energy costs, which often explains our customers' preference for 
them.
Ventia Services: The uptick in the investment cycle for water has commenced, 
driven by the need to address aging infrastructure, population growth and 
climate resilience. Water assets built in the 1960s and 1970s are reaching end of 
life, driving refresh master plans with multiyear renewal and modernization programs.
Vestas Wind Systems: First of all, wind energy, key to affordability, security and 
sustainability. No new words in that, but especially the two keywords right now for 
societies worldwide is affordability and security. When we look at the global 
environment, inflation, raw materials and transport costs are stable, but tariffs and 
blockages increase cost over time or from time to time as we say, it's a changeable 
environment. When we look at the ongoing geopolitical trade volatility and energy crisis 
that are leading to a regionalization, we've spoken about that, we're still seeing it and 
that trend has not reversed to any better. 
When we look at grid investment, it's prioritized in key markets and getting 
higher and higher prioritized in key markets including also EU. When we look at 
the permitting, it's improving in some markets but overall permitting, auctions and 
market design are still showing challenging things. 
Vinci: For VINCI Autoroutes, we'll note a cyclical weakness of traffic, primarily due to the 
sharp hike of fuel prices in March, to which was added the negative effect of several 
exceptional heatwaves that occurred since the end of May.
Wartsila: We continue to expand our data center footprint with two new major 
orders announced in the second quarter. So we will supply an off-grid energy power 
solution for a new data center facility in Texas. It's a 790 megawatt power plant that will 
operate with 42 Wärtsilä 50SG engines running on natural gas. And you see we talked 
about our sweet spot being somewhere 20 to 500 megawatt. But these days, we 
provide power plants well above that, and we provide thermal efficiency. Of course, you 
need the space to host our machines but we have a very interesting power solution. So 
we do see this trend of big power plants continue. Then we had the second one. It's a 
412 megawatt engine power plant to support major new hyperscale data-center project 
in Ohio in Texas.
...since the start of 2025, energy order book has more than doubled while the gross 
margin of the energy equipment order book has improved by more than 500 basis 
points.
The competitive lifecycle economics support attractive long-term project returns. The 
benefits, low heat rate, efficient use of fuel and operating performance, low site-level 
emissions and negligible water consumption support sustainability objectives. So 
engines are well positioned for the rapidly growing market where cost, performance 
and resource efficiency are increasingly critical, and I think this is a long-term comment 
also. As the market dynamics are evolving, the engines deliver on the efficiency 
fundamentals and also on the fundamentals of not derating at high temperature and 
very little water consumption.
You want flexible power generation that is energy efficient, because then you can 
balance the renewables and you can also be a player on the network. If you want to be a 
player on the network, you need to have fuel efficient, good heat rates basically. 
Otherwise, you won't be competitive.
WEG:  As of yesterday, on July 22, the Section 301 started to be valid at 25%. They are 
not cumulative. When we consider the 232 session, which were more specifically 
applied, that would affect the content of iron and copper of the products. And now it's 
applied to all the product. The scenario of tariffs and the products of WEG, well, how do 
they stand now? Brazil in a simple way, every for – Mexico is the section 231, for large 
transformers and there's a differential about 10 MVA, 50% is applied. And for smaller 
companies, 10 MVA of 25% and large size motors, 25% in tariff. When we talk about 
light motors, we are talking about more than 200 HPs. It's important to remember that 
the over tax of 12.5% is being considered also based on the Section 301. This is caused 
by allegation of forced labor and covers more than 60 countries, including Brazil. Brazil is 
included in the group together with Japan, China, India and among other countries as 
well. The tariff is not likely to impact  the products produced in Mexico because this is 
according to USMCA in Mexico and WEG's products are produced there. And it's not 
clear yet if those tariff is – if the new tariff will be cumulative to the others of the 232 


[Page 21]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 21
section. If so, if this tariff is applied in a cumulative way, the total tariff may reach 37%.
WillScot Holdings Corp: ...project delays are the norm, labor and supply-chain 
constraints are very real. Inflationary pressures are also real. 
Wizz Air Holdings: ...we are finishing the quarter with the profit after tax of negative 
EUR 198 million. This is, as you can see, this is largely about EUR 100 million of impact 
of that is on the fuel costs, and increase in the cost, which is impacting the whole 
industry.
WSP Global: Importantly, the strongest areas of demand we see today are directly 
linked to long-term duration investment themes including AI-enabled digital 
infrastructure, power generation and transmission, data centers, critical 
minerals, defense and nuclear energy. 
W.W. Grainger: Our September pricing actions will also reflect adjustments related to 
the recent Section 232 tariff modifications, in addition to new Section 301.
X-Energy: At X-Energy, we embrace the use of AI to further accelerate nuclear 
development. We view every opportunity through the lens of reducing the time and 
expense required to design, license, manufacture and deploy the fuel and the reactors. 
We are excited to have recently joined the Department of Energy's Project Prometheus 
as a founding member, collaborating with organizations including Idaho National 
Laboratory, NVIDIA, and Amazon Web Services. As part of our commitment, we're 
providing $10 million in private capital along with the use of our reactor design and fuel 
fabrication data. Our data will serve as a technical basis for a three-year research 
campaign, leveraging the DOE's test reactors and supercomputing capabilities to 
integrate frontier-class AI models and the uses from reactor design to semi-autonomous 
operation workflows as well as fuel fabrication. Our participation in this project builds 
upon the ongoing development of our internal proprietary tool called APEX. This is our 
multi-agentic AI platform that we have currently deployed across our engineering, 
licensee, and operations teams where we are already realizing meaningful time and cost 
savings.
Zehnder Group: ...launched couple, three years ago is the ComfoClime, which is a 
module that you can put on top of the existing ventilation unit, which has then an active 
cooling, and that can be done as a remodel, but it can obviously also bought in the 
combined set for new build. There we see that the interest is increasing strongly, not 
least because of the current situation and the many hot days during the summer that we 
face also this year.
...in Switzerland, we experienced right now, again, I mean, the climate or the heat 
period during the summer is getting much longer. And so cooling becomes a 
major, major topic in many, many houses.


[Page 22]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 22
Materials
Albemarle: Global stationary storage production has nearly doubled year-over-
year, with broad support across most geographic regions. Long-term demand 
remains supported by multiple secular trends. First, global electricity demand 
growth is accelerating, led by urbanization, AI and data centers, and EVs. With grid 
upgrades taking multiple years, stationary storage is the fastest and most cost-
effective way to support grid reliability. Also, policy support in regions like China, 
Europe and Australia improves project economics for stationary storage and 
renewables. We now expect stationary storage to make up about 30% of 2026 
global lithium market demand, nearing parity with light-duty EVs.
North America is the fastest-growing region for stationary storage, up almost 
150% year-to-date, as rising data center and AI investment in the United States 
increases the demand for electricity and grid stability. Globally, data center electricity use 
is expected to more than double by 2030. With the increasing need for grid resiliency, 
LFP batteries are well-positioned to continue meeting ESS demand, thanks to their low-
cost energy density and established manufacturing base. As a result, we expect 
lithium demand for stationary storage application to increase more than 2.5 
times by 2030.
Lithium demand is up 45% through May, primarily driven by continued strength 
in stationary storage. We are increasing our 2026 and 2030 stationary storage 
forecast ranges due to that strong demand. We now expect stationary storage 
battery production of 900 to 1,100 gigawatt hours in 2026, up 11% or 100 gigawatt 
hours from our prior forecast. We are also raising the low end of our 2030 stationary 
storage range to between 1,500 and 2,000 gigawatt hours, up approximately 9% from 
our prior forecast. As a result of this change, we are also raising the low end of our 2030 
forecast for total lithium demand by 100,000 tons.
Our outlook ranges continued to reflect the expected impact of supply chain disruptions 
related to the situation in the Middle East, which we still estimate at approximately $70 
million to $90 million on an unmitigated basis for the full year.
Alcoa Corp: The fundamentals from when the Iran conflict started have not 
fundamentally changed. So we believe at this point there's between 3 million and 3.5 
million metric tons of capacity offline within the Strait of Hormuz and that caused prices 
to run up. Subsequently, when the conflict resolution was announced, that caused 
prices to run down. The fundamentals haven't really changed at this point. That 
capacity is still offline. As the Strait stays closed for longer, it becomes more difficult 
for the existing capacity, which is still another 3 million to 4 million metric tons in the 
region, to continue to operate. Moving on to aluminum. While LME has returned to pre-
Middle East conflict levels following a macro-driven correction, aluminum fundamentals 
remain strong. The market remains tight, inventories are low, the global market is still 
expected to be in deficit this year, and a meaningful amount of Middle East production 
remains offline with uncertain restart timelines. Demand continues to be resilient, 
particularly in North America and Europe where markets remain structurally short of 
metal. We are also seeing continued efforts by customers to localize supply chains 
and reduce reliance on imported metal, particularly in value-add products such as 
billet, foundry alloy, and rod.
Amcor: We cumulatively have about a $500 million impact from the Middle East 
conflict. 
But I think what's important, too, to understand this context here is we don't really 
know how the Middle East conflict plays out. What's more important for us is really 
how the supply chains normalize. That will have an impact on resin costing for us as 
an input. 
Anglo American: Back in the 1990s, it took about seven years from the time that you 
discovered an orebody to bring it into production. Now, over the last decade or so, that 
has stretched out to almost 18 years...Much of what drives the extended schedules 
for copper projects is the time needed for permitting, planning and stakeholder 
alignment.
In May, the permit for the desalination plant at Collahuasi was set aside by an 
environmental tribunal, five years after it had been granted. Production, however, from 
Collahuasi, has not been affected because we do currently have access to 
alternative water sources. We are hopeful that a review of the Environmental 
Assessment Services or the SEA's decision will allow us to restart the ramp up of that 
plant later on this year.


[Page 23]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 23
So that the primary constraint here will continue to be water. We're not using any 
more water than we were going to use for 175,000 tonnes a day. And I think, given the 
combination of where the primary constraint is in the sag mill now probably correlates 
with the primary constraint of water.
...it's had had no impact in terms of production so far because we have a number of 
alternative water sources. But in terms of the long-term - the long-term, we will need 
the desalination plant to come back on which we're expecting it will do.
We had three mega weather events across the group. Well, one is in Australia at the 
beginning of the year, where the open pits were completely inundated with water. 
Antofagasta: And the key issue is that we've got the El Niño phenomenon now 
happening. It does not happen every year, but this year it's been here and it's been 
extremely severe.
...the pattern that we're observing is that we've had, in fact, a prolonged drought in the 
region where Pelambres is - which spanned 12 years, in which there was very little rain. 
And that's now being combined with very intense rain and snow events like the one 
we've had here, which basically happened in a very, very compressed and short period of 
time. So we have both extremes, a persistent drought, which I think it's the sort of 
underlying condition that we expect to continue to see, and for which we have 
essentially developed the water solution that you know, which involves that we are 
increasingly becoming independent in our water supply from continental sources. And 
probably combined from what we've seen now because of El Niño, which does not 
happen every year, in which we've had a very, very significant rain and snow event in a 
very compressed period of time.
During the period we approved the investment required to secure the long-term water 
supply for Zaldívar. This project will use reprocessed water from the city of 
Antofagasta and is an important demonstration of our long-term water 
strategy and circular economy approach.
At Zaldívar, during the period, we also approved a $900 million investment in a water 
pipeline to transition away from continental water by mid-2028, securing a stable future 
and supporting potential life mine extension to 2051.
Global copper demand is expected to grow between now and 2035 by approximately 8 
million tonnes, while copper supply is expected to grow by about 4 million tonnes. 
Copper is increasingly essential to global growth, driven by long-term macro trends, 
which we have covered in the past, electrification, grid expansion, new 
technologies like AI and data centers. Global copper demand is expected to grow 
between now and 2035 by approximately 8 million tonnes, while copper supply is 
expected to grow by about 4 million tonnes.
In addition, there's a growing demand from themes such as energy security, 
electrification and emerging modern technologies such as data centers and 
artificial intelligence. By contrast, the supply side is increasingly constrained 
with long lead times for permitting and mine disruption contributing to a 
slower pace of growth than global demand.
And the key issue is that we've got the El Niño phenomenon now happening. It 
does not happen every year, but this year it's been here and it's been extremely 
severe.
...we've also seen, as is well known, inflationary pressures across the sector, particularly 
for inputs like diesel and sulfuric acid. 
ArcelorMittal: ...just looking at the projections through 2035 for electricity generation 
in the various different regions. We've applied some standardized assumptions, external 
assumptions rather than our own assumptions around the steel intensity of that 
generation. And once you put it all together, it's a very significant number. Almost 
300 million tonnes of steel would be required to achieve these electrification goals 
through 2035 ex-China.
Asian Paints Ltd.: I think our top worry is the renewed conflict. The volatility in raw 
material prices continues, and it puts pressure on supply chain logistics, both from 
freight availability and price fluctuations across key inputs, given the fact that the paint 
industry is largely dependent on crude and crude derivatives. 
Aurubis: Against the backdrop of an exceptionally tight market environment, sulfuric 
acid was one of the most supportive earnings drivers during the third quarter, 
as the ongoing Middle East shipping restrictions and the Chinese export ban for 
sulfuric acid are lifting prices to new highs. 


[Page 24]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 24
BASF: Well, the Strait of Hormuz...We started very early in time to network our logistics 
network with everybody. Until this very day, we haven't had any non-available product. 
Everybody has access to all the products that we need to this very day. It also had a 
positive effect...We were in the good situation to get more pricing power, particularly in 
Europe. Why did this happen? Well it is not as if the entire goods import from Asia and 
China broke down, but it's a fact that the transport cost increased by 30% compared 
to the situation before the crisis, and that can be felt by the importers, particularly 
from Asia. That lifted the price levels.
The Rhine River. Of course, the low water levels are concerning us, and site 
management teams and supply chain are looking into this. This means that we 
are taking a lot of measures to make sure that we do not see any negative 
economic effects...we are much better prepared than in 2018. For the incoming 
products and for the outgoing products, we are preparing alternatives at the moment, 
not only these so-called low water barges. These are barges that can operate at low 
water levels, but we are also looking at alternative ways of transportations, trucks trains, 
and so on. We think that we can manage quite well...logistics cost will increase in such a 
situation...
...when you look at the Rhine level, it is actually as low as it has been right now because 
of the extended drought here in Germany. It's of course not the level that is so decisive, 
it's also the length of how long will it stay so low.
...Ludwigshafen and also other chemical factories along the River Rhine, BASF is not the 
only one, and on other rivers, probably in Europe, have very complex Verbund structures 
and value chains and so forth. Sometimes it's only one raw material that's missing, 
and then you have some ripple effects.
The current weather situation has put a strain on, especially Rhine water levels. And as 
you know, we have quite a history, BASF of Rhine water-related impacts I have to say, 
even under today's stress scenario with the Rhine water levels now reaching again, very 
low levels, the work of the last years that the BASF team has done is really 
paying off. We are in a much better prepared position than we were, for example, in 
2018, where we had a big impact of low Rhine water levels over an extended period of 
time, and through the deployment of specialized ships that can really still carry goods, 
feedstocks, but as well products through the Rhine at very, very low water levels.
BHP: Around the world, there are hundreds of billions of dollars currently being invested 
in electrification, artificial intelligence, industrial capacity, energy security, and of course, 
food security.
A lot of capital is flowing into artificial intelligence, data centers, and the energy 
transition, and countries and companies are increasingly focused on energy and food 
security, supply chain resilience, and industrial capacity. This means demand today for 
commodities, such as copper, is much more broad-based than during China's boom in 
the late 2000s.
Fuel prices have been elevated, as everyone who is listening to this will know. We have 
very strong and multiple relationships with different suppliers globally. Those have led us 
to not have any disruption in our supply chain for diesel, for sulfuric acid, for 
inputs which are going into ammonia, for our explosives, et cetera. 
BlueScope Steel: Australia's future made in Australia agenda is the most significant 
shift in industrial policy in a generation and it provides a very real opportunity to 
reshape Australia's future.
Boliden:  [In response to a question on cost inflation] If we start with the maintenance, I 
think that was about SEK 200 million that we had sequentially increased the 
maintenance costs. Then I think I gave the numbers for oil and power in the last quarter. 
And I can say that this quarter we spent about SEK 400 million on oil, and we spent 
about SEK 550 million to SEK 600 million on power. And the movements are, it's quite – 
moving quite quickly. But then you have the spend for this quarter at least. And then I 
think you can compare that with what we talked about last quarter to get a feeling of 
the development.
Borouge PLC: The impact of Middle East related feedstock shortages was felt 
most acutely across Asia, leading to significant polyethylene and polypropylene 
capacity outages. Based on our estimates, approximately 29 million tons of regional 
polyethylene and polypropylene or 19% of total capacity was affected across Borouge's 
core Asia-Pacific markets.


[Page 25]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 25
Braskem: In the second quarter of 2026, the green ethylene utilization rate was higher 
by 2 percentage points compared to the first quarter of 2026, mainly due to the 
adjustment of production levels in response to higher demand. During the period, sales 
of green polyethylene increased by 49%, mainly due to greater commercial 
opportunities in Europe and the normalization of demand following the seasonal effect 
of the Chinese New Year in the previous quarter.
Buzzi: With regard to the construction sector, in Italy the most recent estimates indicate 
a decline in the residential segment, while public works are expected to continue 
benefiting from the effects of the National Recovery and Resilience Plan (PNRR). 
Accordingly, we expect some slowdown in our sales volumes compared to the previous 
year, while price trends will be influenced not only by demand but also by the “CO2 
emission allowances” factor, in a context marked by the introduction of the so-called 
CBAM (Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism) and a possible revision of the ETS 
system during the year.
Cabot Corp: ...approximately 30% of battery demand is derived from non-EV 
applications, particularly energy storage, which continues to be one of the 
fastest growing segments of the market.
As demand for uninterrupted power supply accelerates, driven in part by the 
proliferation of AI-enabled data centers, the demand for battery ESS is expected to grow 
at a 26% compound annual growth rate through 2030.
In the infrastructure space, the wire and cable application is experiencing strong growth 
driven by electrical grid renewal, growth of power generation demands due to data 
centers, and the development of alternative energy sources such as wind and solar. 
Cameco Corp: Over the next five years, we have contracts in place for average annual 
deliveries of more than 28 million pounds of uranium per year. And as the market 
continues to improve, we expect to continue layering in volumes that capture greater 
future upside. We continued on a positive contracting trajectory in Q2, however, 
quarterly results in our business will always reflect the normal variability of customer 
delivery schedules, product mix, and the timing of activity across the fuel cycle.
Celanese Corp: The specialty polymer demand for an AI server is approximately 
three times greater than for a conventional server. We estimate our addressable 
space within this market is growing at roughly 20 percent annually, driven by increasing 
demand for higher data rates, greater power density, and more sophisticated thermal 
management requirements. Through this, we estimate a serviceable, addressable 
market opportunity of over $1.0 billion by 2030.
Chemours Co: More recently, we also recorded nominal sales of two-phase liquid 
cooling products we're sampling across two-phase applications with several customers. 
These early sales support continue progress through product trials, which have increased 
70% year-over-year while reinforcing the relevance of our innovation pipeline in 
attractive growth markets.
...we continue to see strong order book momentum for specialty products that address 
critical needs across the AI infrastructure ecosystem, including data center and 
semiconductor applications, which we anticipate will exceed 40% of these sales. 
DuPont de Nemours: In Water, we launched an integrated end-to-end solution for 
direct lithium extraction, including membranes and ion exchange resins designed to 
improve lithium recovery and purity.
Elevra Lithium: Following the breakdown in trade negotiations between Canada and 
the US... and the subsequent introduction of retaliatory tariffs, we are reviewing what 
implications, if any, this will have on NAL's sourcing strategy for the expansion. Given 
that the brownfield expansion is based upon proven and existing technology and 
processes, our initial indications are that the alternate sourcing solutions will be 
available, should the introduction of tariffs create cost escalation for US-based sourcing. 
In addition, the Canadian government has announced a number of measures totaling 
CAD 7.5 billion to address tariff impacted industries and projects.
During the last cycle, electric vehicles produced and sold in China dominated demand. 
Now, we are also seeing strong uptake in energy storage – stationary storage 
applications and commercial vehicles. Battery demand is real and lithium batteries 
are the leading solution.


[Page 26]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 26
Evonik Industries: I'll try to give you some more color about the impact of the lower 
Rhine water. It goes without saying that, as of today, the level is on a very, let me say, 
historic low. And what does it mean? Yeah, okay, there will be a tiny impact because as a 
result of the lower Rhine water and we would have maybe some increase in respect of 
the freight costs. But on the other side, overall, it is manageable. There's no impact for 
Evonik in respect of this. And because here, as you know, our main, our exclusively only 
European methionine plant is located in Antwerp, and therefore, we are not touched by 
this lower Rhine water issue now Adisseo has to face.
First Quantum: The copper price remained strong in the second quarter, trading 
between $5.50 and $6.40 per pound. This was due to tariff-related stockpiling in the 
US, a tight copper concentrate market and sulfuric acid supply concerns. 
As expected, the increase in fuel prices was a headwind on costs...Diesel prices through 
the quarter averaged $1.59 per liter, in contrast to the $0.91 per liter paid in Q1. With 
the two to three month lag in fuel deliveries, elevated fuel prices are expected to 
continue flowing through our cost base in the third quarter. 
Fortescue: It was also a big year for decarbonizing our Pilbara operations with our zero-
emission mining equipment rolling out across the business. We now have 18 electric 
excavators up and running, and they're outperforming the diesel machines 
they're replacing.
Our first battery electric truck is in the final stages of the build and will soon be 
integrated with the Fortescue Zero power system. This isn't a prototype. It will go 
straight into our operations with hundreds more to follow.
We're also investing another $680 million to expand the Green Grid and meet 
growing demand for green power, including from data centers. That 
investment will add another 200 megawatts of firmed renewable generation 
beyond what Fortescue needs for its own operations.
Decarbonizing operations is much more than buying an electric truck off the market. It's 
about bringing the whole ecosystem together, trucks, chargers, batteries, and 
green energy, and making it all work as one system. AI is key to making that 
happen.
The world has entered a period of rapid electricity growth. The International Energy 
Agency calls it the Age of Electricity and expects demands to grow significantly every 
year to 2030. That's 50% faster than the previous decade. That growth is being driven 
by electrification, green fuels, AI, and data centers. Data center electricity demand alone 
is expected to more than double by 2030. Renewables will supply a large share of this 
new demand. Globally, governments and communities are asking data centers to 
bring new green power, not more fossil fuels. 
Firstly, we are seeing inflationary pressures across the cost base, particularly in labor, 
contractors and key consumables across the industry, right? There are also flow on 
impacts from the ongoing conflict in the Middle East, including high diesel prices and 
increased costs for explosives inputs such as ammonium nitrate, which are sensitive to 
global energy feedstock and freight costs.
Fortune Brands: Looking ahead, IEEPA and expiring Section 122 tariffs have been 
replaced in kind by a combination of Section 232 and Section 301 tariffs. So, our overall 
ongoing tariff exposure remains largely unchanged.
Freeport-McMoRan: In terms of incentives, one of the things that we're continuing to 
pursue is the opportunity for, because Freeport is an integrated producer again in the 
US, we have a smelter in Arizona, one of two smelters operating in the US. We would 
qualify under certain incentives under 45X for a 10% production tax credit. The first step 
was getting copper designated as a critical mineral, which was done several 
months ago, and we appreciate the administration's work on that. And now the next 
step would be to get it – put into the treasury regulations that would allow for copper 
to conform to the critical minerals list and be part of this 45X credit, which 
equates to about $500 million a year. And so that would go a long way in helping us 
with our investment plans in the US to continue to reinvest things like these production 
tax credits into our US business. So we're continuing to work and speak with. There's 
some proposed bills in Congress to do this, we're continuing to work on it. And that 
would be a really attractive way for us to make significant strategic, long-term 
investments in the US.
On the mitigation, we've made progress. We've had a number of drill holes that we've 
been able to get into the old pit bottom. And that along with the drier weather, the pit 
bottom is essentially dry. We know that the rain is going to come back at some point... 


[Page 27]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 27
the El Niño is dry for our part of Indonesia.
Fresnillo: One of the most complex permits are around water management in Mexico.
Gerdau SA: ...US federal government decisions like the CHIPS Act, construction of new 
semiconductor plants have about – there are about 40 plants that we are supplying to. 
Glencore: Two major impacts to call out, was the direct energy inputs, which is 
diesel, mainly affecting our copper and coal businesses where you have some 
large scale big fleet utilization, high open pit operations that we have as well. And you 
had also secondary Middle East impacts, particularly at our DRC assets in relation to 
sulfur and sulfuric acid.
Energy coal driven largely by Indonesian cuts on exports, which has lifted prices 
above $120 a tonne out of Newcastle. 
Gold Fields: We recognized very early on that in terms of that life of mine metrics and 
we remunerated our workforce accordingly. Permitting. One of the scars that I wear 
is water. As I said at the start, we've got every single permit required to mine and build 
a processing plant. 3.7 gigalitre water abstraction license. Part of the early works 
program we're doing is installing the production bores to facilitate that water 
abstraction. So not only do we have the license, we have the physical bores in the 
ground to allow us to take that water. We are going to kick off a public diversion road 
later this year just to avoid any interaction between construction activities and public 
traffic next year.
Gujarat Fluorochemicals: While these businesses are at different stages of 
qualification and commercialization, we remain encouraged by the long-term 
opportunity driven by growing EV adoption, increasing deployment of battery energy 
storage system and the ongoing localization of battery supply chain.
But now when we look at our domestic market itself, domestic market also is driven 
primarily by BESS and is almost looking at 220-250 GWh by 2030.
Holcim: ...this actually, once again, confirms that ETS will remain the key pillar of 
European climate and industrial policy.
Iluka Resources: In rare earths, we executed our first offtake agreement, strengthened 
our long-term feedstock position, and progressed construction of the Eneabba refinery 
to 60% complete.
Clearly, external developments continue to reinforce the strategic rationale for our rare 
earths diversification. We continue to see evidence of industries and governments 
seeking secure and reliable sources of rare earths with transparent supply chains. 
International Paper: The largest unfavorable category is the macro environment, 
where we had anticipated approximately $50 million in headwinds. Now we expect an 
impact closer to $150 million, primarily driven by elevated transportation spot rates and 
higher OCC, diesel and employee medical costs. 
Very specifically, we're seeing some slowness on the fruit and vegetable side, specifically 
on the West Coast from what's going on. We've seen everything in the news around 
some of the issues on the vegetable side with some contamination.
KGHM Polska: ...Chile experienced torrential rains in the first quarter 2026. Initially, we 
did not see the impact of those rains on production, but after the first six months of the 
year, this negative deviation on production is visible.
We have also accelerated renovation downtime in Głogów foundry, and we will shorten 
it for sure. It is very important for our production levels, not only for copper and silver 
production, our core products, but it will also allow us to higher production of sulfuric 
acid, which, all in the situation of uncertainty regarding the enormous and 
global conflicts around it, became a very good product, high margin product.
Copper no longer is just an element subject to supply and demand laws, it has become 
the object of political games. 
Kinross Gold: In June, we delivered humanitarian support to remote farming 
communities facing food insecurity due to drought and rising transportation 
costs.


[Page 28]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 28
Kumba Iron Ore: We saw that the iron ore price averaged $106 per tonne during the 
first half as freight costs rose sharply due to the Middle East conflict. So this lifted our 
CFR pricing. In fact, if you do a netback on FOB, you'll see that last year, we had $101 per 
tonne on FOB pricing. And this year – in fact, the CFR was $101, and this year was $106. 
If you take the shipping into account and the uplift from $15 per tonne to $22 per 
tonne, you'd see that the FOB netback is actually $1 lower than last year at $83 per 
tonne this year. So that had an impact in terms of the dollar price that we actually 
realized.
Rainfall in April and early May was the highest on record ever recorded for 
Sishen since 1963; and for Kolomela, it was the highest on record ever recorded 
since 1918, and that's our records. And as you can imagine, this resulted in flooding 
across the entire region and also flooding at our operations as well. Now this, coupled 
with equipment availability and reliability challenges, did impact our waste mining.
...to put it in context, it's typically what you'd call a one in 100-year flood that we are 
talking about. It does, however, link back to the impacts of climate change. So what we 
have essentially thought about is that we've taken learnings from this period.
Lanxess: But now we really have to say quite clearly that the present situation is much 
worse than what it used to be, like in the old times when we had low Rhine water levels. 
We can only load the ships and the barges by 20% to 30% of their normal 
capacity, which means that we have a clear reduction of absolute cargo capacity 
per barge.
Production wise, we actually fared well through this low water level phase. But the 
additional costs, logistically speaking, were in the single digit million range.
...Rhine water and sourcing...Fortunately, we've taken very early roundabout four 
weeks, five weeks ago already the decision to reserve a lot of capacities for rail and road. 
So, that is needed if you need to redistribute from water to other transportation means. 
And therefore we, we feel strong about what we have.
...would also like to stress out of 2018 situation, when the last time we had a low water 
level in the Rhine, and we of course took respective measures so that we are far more 
flexible than we were in 2018. At that point in time, many of our sites could only or 
plants could only be supplied through water transportation. We've invested roundabout 
€10 million in the years afterwards to basically make sure that all important plants have 
at least two ways of being supplied, sometimes even three ways, so that you can 
basically flexibilize the transportation means from water to roads or on rail.
LG Chem: And also, if we look at the ship freights in terms of the overall cost levels, 
compared to the first half of the year, on the second half of the year, we do actually see 
a 60% increase. 
Liontown: We're seeing demand coming from EVs, stationary batteries, larger vehicles, 
eVTOLs, marine applications. And don't laugh, but humanoids.
Lynas Rare Earths: ..new partnership between JS Link and Lynas. This agreement 
includes a AUD 50 million contribution by Lynas in the 3,000-tonne magnet factory that 
JS Link will build in Malaysia as well, of course, as a 10-year rare earth supply contract…
Anyway, this is an important move by Lynas and one more step in the development of 
our Lynas 2030 strategy supporting downstream industry development outside China.
Masco: You articulated that it's a dynamic environment out there in many respects. But 
certainly with regards to the tariff environment. And what I would say is our guidance 
and our expectations for the rest of the year do contemplate the tariffs that are in place 
as we stand today. So it includes the 232 tariffs on copper, steel and aluminum as well as 
the Section 301 tariffs that were just implemented a few days ago that amount to about 
10% to 12.5%. That effectively replaced the Section 122 tariffs that expired on July '24. 
So that's all contemplated in our guidance. Obviously, it's a dynamic environment. 
There's discussion and investigations for further Section 301 tariffs. While I would say 
those aren't contemplated in our guide. As we get closer to the end of the year and the 
timing of when tariffs flow into our P&L. And just as a reminder, effectively it's about a 
one-quarter lag between when tariffs are announced or implemented and when they 
ultimately flow through our inventory into our P&L. So as we get closer to the end of the 
year, any changes in tariffs would likely have to have an insignificant impact for this year.
Mitsubishi Chemicals: Amid unstable situations in the Middle East, the business 
environment remained challenging with naphtha price soaring and risk of raw materials 


[Page 29]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 29
procurement rising.
The impact of the Middle East conflict, excluding inventory valuation gains and losses 
associated with fluctuations in raw material prices, was negative approximately ¥5.0 
billion. This was largely due to production cutbacks, reduced sales, and deterioration in 
production yields and energy efficiency, mainly in Basic & Green Materials and Mobility 
Solutions.
In the semiconductor market, demand in cutting-edge sectors, such as generative AI and 
data centers, remains firm.
In the first quarter, operating rates of naphtha crackers declined due to the impact of the 
Middle East conflict.
Regarding the impact of the Middle East conflict, we anticipate a decrease in sales 
volume due to the production cutbacks, as well as a deterioration in production yields 
and energy efficiency.
Mondi: In response to the sharp uptick in input costs as a consequence of the Middle 
East war, we have been successful in implementing a series of price increases across 
all key grades during the period, although not sufficient to fully offset the 
impact of the cost increases in Q2. 
National Aluminium: The aluminium prices you see in the first quarter, average we got 
around 3,500, 3,600 or 3,700 of LME. Now, it has come down to around 3,200. Raw 
material prices, of course, has increased. You see caustic soda prices. Last year, average 
was around 42,000. In Q1, our expenditure was around 45,000 per tonnes. And Q2, it 
will become around 49,000. Of course, caustic soda prices are going to go up by around 
3,000 to 4,000 as compared to Q1. CP coke prices also has gone up. 53,000 was – 
44,000 was last year. It was gone to 66,000 to 70,000. These are the two major areas, 
then also HFO. HFO price, it was 46,000 last year. It has gone up to 75,000. So this has 
increased overall our cost of production by around INR 15,000 per tonne to INR 16,000 
per tonne of metal. So these three areas, caustic soda, CP coke and HFO, these are the 
three areas where our cost level – and also aluminium chloride by some amount. So, of 
course, around 10% to 15% increase in the prices of this, which is included in our cost 
by around INR 15,000 to INR 16,000 metal prices. 
Nippon Sanso: The volume for specialty gas or electronic material gas are steadily 
improving, especially in Asia, due to strong demand for semiconductors for AI and data 
centers.
Nippon Steel: In terms of topics, resin materials for rigid PCBs used in AI servers. In 
terms of sales volume, it has doubled. So, we are currently building another new factory. 
And production will begin with further capacity expansion in preparation for 2028.
First, we were able to minimize the impact on shipments by shifting orders to alternative 
export destinations and other measures, and we were able to pass on a portion of the 
cost increases to prices, bringing the total down to JPY25 billion. However, looking at 
the fiscal year as a whole, while we plan to continue passing on price increases into H2, 
the impact for the fiscal year is expected to be approximately JPY60 billion. 
In preparation for the future decline in the working population and the mobility of 
human resources, promote various management measures such as awareness raising, 
mid-career recruitment, revision of employment benefits, and improvement of 
engagement.
Norsk Hydro:  This quarter, we signed another long-term power purchase agreement, 
this time with Eviny, securing 0.5-terawatt hour of renewable power annual between 
2031 and 2040, or 5-terawatt hours, if you like, over the life of the contract. And, this 
builds on the agreements we announced earlier this year with Statkraft and Alpiq. 
Altogether, we have now secured around 85% of the power need for our Norwegian 
smelter portfolio through the '30s. Long-term access to competitive renewable power is 
fundamental to Hydro’s competitiveness, our low-carbon product offering, and our 
future growth ambitions. We’ve also signed a new five-year agreement with power 
cable producer Nexans to supply approximately 85,000 tonnes of low-carbon aluminum 
wire rod between '26 and 2030. The aluminum wire rod will be produced at Karmøy and 
used in power cables for Europe’s electricity grid, including medium voltage grids, 
overhead transmission lines, as well as sub-sea infrastructure. Now, as Europe expands 
and modernizes its electricity networks, reliable access to critical materials is 
becoming increasingly important.
And, we have seen a very large shift from a hydrological surplus last year to a 


[Page 30]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 30
very significant hydrological deficit. And, we are close to the lowest level we 
have seen when it comes to water reservoirs and snow reservoirs in Norway in 
the current situation, as we also saw, during Q1. And, the consequence for us is that we 
have then less water to produce, so it affects total production.
Northern Star Resources:  Now, I'd love to be able to say I could halve the power cost. 
I could probably only get about a third out of it with the system we have, but we end up 
with about 256 megawatts of wind. That's [32.8 megawatt] turbines. We first started 
this journey, and we had a met mast out here. We actually found the breeze was good, 
but you could only get about 35% capacity factor compared to about 50% if you're in 
Geraldton in the world's best location. Over time, watching that met mast, we lifted 
ourselves up another 20 or 30 meters, went to a larger size turbine, and we actually get 
up well into the 40s in terms of those numbers. That had a very good match to the solar 
system and then the batteries that we have. So we expect to get somewhere around 
80% of our energy from renewables in the future, and as I say, take about a third of 
our cost base.
Nutrien: Risks to crop production and trade have increased due to geopolitical 
uncertainty and forecasts indicating El Niño conditions, which are expected to place 
upside pressure on crop prices. 
We've seen really hot and dry weather in Europe and dry weather especially in 
the western corn belt of the US, and consecutive weeks of reduced condition 
ratings in the US providing potential downside to yields. 
Packaging Corp: We want to put in gas turbines, but it's taking us longer to get state 
and federal permits than it does to put in a data center.
PCBL: ...specifically on the US market, Indian carbon black now attracts a lower tariff 
than materials from competing Asia and Middle East origins. With China facing 
significantly higher effective duties, US customers are actively looking to diversify their 
sourcing away from China and Russia, and India is a natural beneficiary. 
Russian exports of carbon black feedstock have shrunk, keeping global CBFS availability 
relatively tight, and Russia's own carbon black exports, historically a large low cost 
supplier to Europe, Asia and the Middle East have contracted sharply on top of European 
sanctions already in place on Russian material. 
PI Industries: ...this year has begun with El Niño, strong heat waves, delayed sowings 
and high levels of inventories from prior years. As we see today, sowing in monsoon has 
picked up, and we believe sowing is at par as the last year. This delay, however, has 
impacted preplacement sales of chemicals. 
There are pressures on margins due to high input costs, high levels of inventory, 
however, we believe consumption patterns will see a positive trajectory and industrial 
remains cautious and watchful of erratic weather climatic situations which will impact 
crop and consumption.
PLS Group: Electric vehicles remain the primary driver, but battery energy storage 
systems scaling rapidly and commercial vehicle electrification is becoming increasingly 
meaningful. Lithium demand is no longer reliant on one single application or geography.
In China, China is targeting EVs to represent 30% of vehicles on its roads by 2030, and 
electric trucks to reach 40% penetration over the same period. This reinforces that 
electrification is extending beyond passenger vehicles into heavier transport 
applications.
Battery energy storage remains an increasingly important demand driver. Global 
installed capacity increased 25% year-on-year, including a huge 96% growth in Europe. 
We see this as an important structural shift, with energy storage increasingly becoming 
critical infrastructure, supporting grid reliability, renewable integration and energy 
security...Another encouraging signal comes from the battery supply chain itself in its 
recent interim results, CATL reported battery manufacturing capacity under construction 
is equivalent to around 1.5 times its existing operating capacity. 
...US Defense Logistics Agency has also recently gone to market to procure battery-
grade lithium carbonate for the National Defense Stockpile. While the demand is 
modest, it represents another source of competition for lithium units, and it 
highlights the increasing strategic importance of secure lithium supply for 
defense and national security purposes.
...we continue to study sodium-ion along with other competing out there. Sodium-ion 


[Page 31]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 31
gets plenty of airplay from time to time, add new, aligns with what we are seeing and 
hearing from what the experts out there. Sodium-ion is a potential energy storage 
device. However, for certain use applications, fundamentally, it's much less energy 
dense, almost by half. What that means is it is applicable to other use cases, and it's yet 
to have the scale on the market. And it fundamentally has higher cost for some aspects. 
And the fact that it's double the size you need double everything, if not larger, to cater 
for that tech. So experts that opine on this see it as a small part of the future supply 
stack, and we aligned to that view.
Zimbabwe's reaffirmed ban on spodumene concentrate exports from 2027 is one recent 
example, placing approximately 250,000 tonnes of LCE equivalent supply at risk, it 
demonstrates that future supply is increasingly exposed not only to project execution, 
but also to government policy.
Battery costs have fallen by around 90% since 2010, making electrification increasingly 
competitive on economics rather than incentives alone. 
POSCO Holdings:  The Middle East conflict impacted logistics, and energy costs and 
foreign exchange rate driving up short-term cost volatility. 
SABIC: ...due to, the interruption of, the supply chain , we have incurred additional 
costs. So in petrochemicals we saw around a 40% increase in logistic cost. 
However, in Agri-Nutrients the increase was around 60%.
Salzgitter: You see the electricity and natural gas has jumped upwards as a result of the 
Middle East conflict. The current peak in electricity, on top of that is weather related. You 
have followed that we have seen shutdowns of nuclear power plants in France, in 
eastern part of Europe due to low water levels in rivers and also temperature 
levels there. On top, we have seen a lot of solar radiation in Europe, which sort 
of on average increases electricity prices due to the fluctuating infeed that 
we've seen there.
I think it's too early really to see price increases to weather conditions like the low water 
levels on the rivers. But certainly, if that continues to be the case and if water levels 
further drop, then you might see sort of shortages there and then it might have an 
impact on price.
Saint-Gobain: We can decrease indoor temperatures by at least 10 degrees during a 
heatwave, thanks to a full-range building envelope offer for summer comfort, including 
solar control glass, cool roof waterproofing, attic and façade insulation, distribution 
digital services, and so on.
Siam Cement: So Q2 is very challenging time, as everyone knows, because of the 
disruption in the Middle East. You could probably remind everyone that the closure of 
the Hormuz actually cut 50% of the feedstock to Asia... So, at the beginning of the 
quarter, we were really afraid that this is going to be a major disruption. Actually, it did. 
It's a major disruption, okay? And if you remember, we are implementing something 
called a Daily War Room, basically try to adjust on the day-to-day and week-to-week 
basis to create our supply chain resiliency. So that is something that we have done, and 
it's – basically, we – what we tried to do during those times is to procure the feedstock 
from non-Hormuz, that very obvious Hormuz closed. We have to find that 50% from 
non-Hormuz.
Penetration of the low-carbon cement really helped us. You look at energy price going 
up, we convert into the low-carbon cement using the biomass and renewable energy, 
our energy costs going down.
Sims: Switching businesses now to our Metal operations, beginning with North 
America...an estimated 11 tonnes of aluminium and 11 tonnes of copper are required 
per megawatt of new data center capacity. 
Right now, a rack we repurpose weighs up to 1,000 kilograms. Soon these racks will be 
5 tonnes.
...we saw copper prices surge, driven by a relentless demand for AI-related activities, 
green energy grids and EV infrastructure and hit record highs in the year. Tight primary 
ore supplies and tariff expectations further amplified bidding for secondary copper. 
Similarly, geopolitical conflict in the Middle East created primary aluminum 
supply crunches, pushing global buyers towards aluminum scrap substitution 
and boosting values despite regional trade friction. 


[Page 32]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 32
Solstice Advanced Materials: Our nuclear business had $125 million in net sales, up 
27% year-over-year, reflecting both favorable pricing and increased volumes. We are 
seeing positive momentum in this business reinforced by new supply agreements with 3 
small modular reactor developers.
Sonoco Products: ...global inflationary pressure driven by higher energy expenses 
stemming from the Middle East situation costs us roughly $10 million of operating profit 
in the quarter. 
SSAB:  Then there was a new proposal from the European Commission on the ETS 
structure. We have to remember that the ETS structure we've had, it was implemented 
2005 and it's been there for quite some time and now it's being revised. I think our 
position from the very beginning was that we don't want to make any changes. We 
have made an investment plan for both Oxelösund and Luleå based on existing ETS 
system and now it's being revised. I think that the proposal that came out, it looks fairly 
good. We understand it. It was also a little bit expected because we have to adjust the 
ETS system to where Europe is right now and also looking at the infrastructure and the 
availability of fossil free electricity and so on. So I understand that this change was made 
and it's going to have a very little impact on SSAB. And then there were some highlights 
to it as well. I think one of the highlights was that linking the free allocation to the 
investments done in transforming your production into more fossil free production and 
then also the ability or possibility to get financing from the European Investment Bank as 
well as get some funding. So I think this is a good step and I think it's the right measures 
in that sense.
Stora Enso: The storm resulted in a significant volume of storm damaged timber 
entering the market. As this timber needs to be harvested and transported relatively 
quickly, supply increased and prices came under temporary pressure. We have seen 
similar dynamics following previous storms and, historically, prices have normalized once 
the excess volume has been absorbed by the market.
Sumitomo Chemical: To your question on El Niño, this year, El Niño is expected to 
have a big impact. I think your question was about the impact of crop protection in 
each region. The impact of El Niño is mainly not in the Northern but the Southern 
Hemisphere. It impacts the Southern Hemisphere more. Basically, it will not rain as much 
and temperatures will rise. Precipitation declines, temperature rises. Now, by region, first 
of all, Brazil. Brazil is a big country. The southern part and northern part are different. In 
the northern part, closer to the equator, as I mentioned earlier, precipitation declines and 
temperature rises, and that is the trend. This will negatively impact the planting of 
crops on one hand. But if temperature rises, there will be an increase in insects 
and pests.... We don't know which will be the bigger factor, positives or 
negatives. It's hard to say.
Suzano: Still on the pulp supply side of the equation, a stronger El Niño season this year 
may increase the likelihood of weather-related disruptions in key producing regions with 
possible implications for wood availability and production costs.
Syrah Resources: During the quarter, US trade policy developments continued to focus 
on reducing dependence on Chinese critical mineral supply chains with graphite 
identified as a strategic material. Existing US Section 301 tariffs on Chinese graphite 
remain in place and are considered relatively durable, while additional policy measures 
targeting Chinese graphite, anode material and precursor products continue to be 
evaluated. The evolving policy environment reflects bipartisan support for strengthening 
domestic critical mineral supply chains and improving supply security for battery 
materials.
...expected ex-China demand growth for lithium-ion batteries remains attractive and US 
existing demand and future growth will require a greater proportion of ex-China supply 
of anode material to ensure supply-chain security and to maintain cell and auto 
manufacturer eligibility for the tax incentives that were mentioned earlier. 
We have a clear advantage in natural graphite and active anode material markets as the 
integrated first-mover commercial scale supplier outside China. No other company 
today has both an operating graphite mine and integration with a fully operational 
commercial scale anode material facility positioned to supply into the US domestic 
battery manufacturing market.


[Page 33]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 33
Talga Group:  Likewise in the US we have a strategy, it's pretty simple in the US. One is if 
the money's there, if there's enough support, there's definitely enough customers. But if 
there's enough financial support, we're looking at building a duplicate of our Swedish 
anode plant in the US, which would be fed from graphite from Sweden or recycled 
materials within the US. That's a bit of a no brainer. We've done all of the engineering 
and design. We have an established 20,000 tonne per annum plant that could be built in 
modules of 5, 10, 20 or that of course then go from 20, 40, 60 to 100. So it makes sense 
to look at building something like that why? Because we're a truly foreign entity of 
concern, free, meaning that our actual equipment and process technology is as well. So 
we're not at risk when it comes to, to use applications, which in America is the driving 
force right now. 
...performance materials. So this is how shall I put it, obviously there's things like 
robotics and drones, there's also potential applications, very high performance 
materials, and it includes AI data centers as well. So a lot of EV capacity over there is 
actually being battery capacity is being repurposed into these new applications, which 
are a fast growing and high demand for premium performance products with premium 
pricing.
Very interesting for the first time in three years, synthetic graphite is now costing 
more than natural...synthetic always cost more than natural. It never was cheaper until 
the amount of dumping from China reached such... proportions that basically has wiped 
out essentially everyone trying to build projects around the world for the last three years. 
Interestingly, with the Strait of Hormuz closure, the increase in oil prices, there's been an 
absolute earthquake through the not, not a literal one, but an economic one. There's 
now influence coke prices, which has influenced synthetic prices. So prices are on the 
way up, of all battery metals, most battery components are on the way up and graphite 
in particular is starting to renormalized. So you're seeing synthetic anode prices rise 25% 
and you're seeing entire countries now being cut off. Japan is practically cut off now,  is 
struggling to get material in there, even we've heard reports that they're struggling to 
get material into Europe... So there is a decrease in exports to some parts of the world. 
People are trying to get around that by going to Indonesia and doing various things and 
those things are being headed off by different countries in different ways.
UPM-Kymmene Oyj: The electricity consumption beyond seasonality in Finland 
keeps on growing, it has grown by 5% over the last 12 months. This is a structural 
growth element, which is expected to continue in the coming months and years, driven 
by the electrification of the economy, the installation of new data centers which is now 
happening at scale, and the installation of green industries which represent more of our 
future prospect at this point in time.
Valterra Platinum: China's inclusion of hydrogen in its long-term strategic 
development plans, together with increasing deployment of fuel cell trucks and higher 
platinum loadings, points to demand that could materially exceed current 
assumptions. 
Vulcan Materials: ...we're seeing like we have four projects that are converting coal-
fired power plants back to natural gas. We're seeing Georgia power, Alabama power, be 
very active in those kind of projects.
Westlake Corp: ...our natural gas and ethane cost in North America actually declined 
significantly from the first quarter due to warmer weather and an increase in associated 
gas from higher US oil drilling activity.
Wienerberger: We see that the infrastructure and the renovation markets remained 
resilient, according to our expectations. We see that the renovation market was 
supported by the decarbonization projects on the old European housing stock. 
Our renovation-driven demand in Europe West remain solid. It's supported by energy 
transition initiatives.
We've seen the resin market with shortages, plastic prices really increased. We've seen 
increases, especially in Europe in resin between 60% to 70%. 
While in the piping segment, respectively, the infrastructure market, we have seen a 
solid demand driven by the European Water Resilience Strategy and also by 
upgrades of the European power grids.


[Page 34]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 34
Energy
Aemetis: India's stated goal is to raise biodiesel blending from 1% today to 5% by 
2030, which would create about 1.2 billion gallons of annual biodiesel consumption.
Baker Hughes: More broadly, the combination of AI-driven power demand, energy 
security priorities and continued electrification is driving investment across the energy 
value chain. This is creating demand not only for power generation and natural gas 
infrastructure but also for grid modernization, energy management, carbon capture and 
other lower carbon solutions that improve reliability, resilience and affordability. ...we 
see approximately $100 billion of addressable market opportunity by 2030 for Power 
Systems with more than half expected to be associated with behind-the-meter solutions 
and further growth through 2035.
Capital spending by the largest hyperscalers is expected to double, increasing from 
approximately $370 billion in 2025 to nearly $750 billion by 2028.
...we also advanced our geothermal strategy through an agreement with Mantle Reach 
Power to support up to 500 megawatts of development in North America.
Beach Energy: Moomba CCS also continued to perform strongly with nearly 2.3 million 
tonnes of CO2 equivalent safely stored since start up.
Boss Energy: ...nuclear energy is one of the most reliable, it's cleanest, safest and most 
effective sources of energy. Uranium as a product is one of the most energy dense fuel 
sources. 1 tonne of uranium on an equivalent power generation is equivalent to around 
about 20,000 tonnes of coal and about 8.5 million cubic meters of gas. Our production 
from Honeymoon alone would be equivalent to powering South Australia for about 
22.5 years. We're seeing a fundamental shift in nuclear. We're seeing nuclear becoming 
part of policies around the world. 38 countries are committing to triple their nuclear 
capacity by 2050. US is looking at quadrupling their capacity by 2050. We see India. 
India is committing to about 100 gigawatts of nuclear power. And only this week, they  
committed about $178 billion just on infrastructure of the nuclear power 
generation...Nuclear is what it's about. It's about energy security, it's about grid 
reliability, and ultimately, it's about economic competitiveness...There's about 438 
nuclear reactors currently operating. 79 are in construction, 124 are planned, and 
there's about 311 being proposed.
BPCL: Due to disruptions in tied-up-term crude volumes, we proactively optimized our 
crude sourcing by significantly increasing spot crude purchases, with the spot 
percentage rising to almost 69% in quarter one FY '27 from 44% in the corresponding 
previous year. We diversified our crude sourcing outside of the Strait of Hormuz, 
exploring multiple geographies, including increasing the Russian crude grades to 38% 
of our total procurement during this quarter.
California Resources Corp: On carbon management, we recently commenced CO2 
injection and achieved first revenue at California's first CCS project at Elk Hills. 
Centrus Energy: Since we've begun our HALEU operations contract, we have 
contractually produced nearly 2 metric tons of HALEU UF6 for the government.
International LEU demand is concurrently set to increase across a number of 
regions. In Europe, Sweden and the Netherlands are focused on making new nuclear 
developments possible, while Belgium is looking at ways to restart shuttered reactors. 
And in Asia we see multiple areas of growth. In April, for example, TEPCO brought 
back online, the 1,300-megawatt Kashiwazaki reactor.
Operationally, we have made meaningful progress throughout the quarter as we remain 
focused on restoring America's ability to enrich uranium at scale, including the signing 
of our US Department of Energy $900 million task order that we received earlier this 
year. The award will support deployment of large-scale production capacity as part of 
our multibillion dollar LEU and HALEU capacity expansion. 
Channel Infrastructure: The government needed additional diesel storage at 
incredibly short notice following the outbreak of the Middle East conflict.
Cheniere Energy: The reduction in Qatari and UAE exports represented approximately 
18 million tonnes of lower LNG supply during the quarter. Growth in production 


[Page 35]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 35
elsewhere, including our own Stage 3, largely offset those losses. But overall global LNG 
exports still declined by approximately 3 million tonnes year-over-year, and this decline is 
expected to grow over the rest of the year if the conflict persists. The key point is that this 
was not simply a regional disruption. It represented one of the largest sudden 
disruptions to internationally traded gas supply in recent years. Additionally, as Asian 
prices moved to a premium over Europe, US LNG flows shifted decisively east. US 
exports to Asia reached a quarterly record of approximately 11 million tonnes, 
while deliveries to Europe declined materially from recent levels. Flexible 
destination contracts once again allowed Atlantic Basin supply to respond quickly to 
changing market signals.
Chevron Corp: We recently signed a 20-year take-or-pay power purchase agreement 
with Microsoft for 2.67 gigawatts of firm behind-the-meter capacity supporting its co-
located data center complex.
Clean Energy Fuels: ...we announced the latest and largest hydrogen project to-date, a 
$27 million contract with Orange County Transportation Authority to design and build a 
new private station. This station will support OCTA's existing fleet of 10 fuel cell buses 
plus the 40 buses the agency plans to add. 
As we all know, the country [US] is experiencing a rapidly evolving energy market, and 
power grids are overtaxed. Because of this, we see emerging opportunities for 
Clean Energy and our ability to serve independent power solutions. 
CVR Energy: RIN prices increased significantly from second quarter 2025 levels, up over 
125% to average nearly $14 per barrel for the second quarter of 2026.
Enbridge: Through our partnership with Meta, which now spans four projects, we are 
on track to construct over 1.4 gigawatts of solar and onshore wind power generation 
and provide 1.6 gigawatt hours of battery storage. We're continuing to advance over 
1.5 gigawatts of additional safe harbor opportunities with blue-chip partners.
Energy Transfer:  In Oklahoma, the first of our four connections to serve new power 
plant loads went into service earlier this year. The next two are ready for service, with the 
remaining expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of 2028. In total, these will 
provide approximately 300 million cubic feet per day of new demand growth. In 
addition, we are finalizing negotiations to serve approximately 250 million cubic feet per 
day of new power plant demand in Oklahoma. Overall, we're now seeing interest from 
customers in increasing the commitments that they have previously made for our natural 
gas services to large data centers and power plants at or near these sites. This includes 
two customers in Texas who recently added a combined 100 million cubic foot per day 
to their contracts. We expect this trend to not only continue, but grow in scale.
Eni: Actions taken in 2026 have further strengthened this diversification, increasing our 
exposure to Asia and South America, expanding our transition-related businesses, and 
opening new opportunity in trading activities, critical minerals, and stationary batteries.
[on biofuel margins] The quarter has been very strong and results has been driven by a 
step-up of the biorefinery performance. In term of overall result, out of the €375 million 
EBITDA adjusted, as a rough number is around 35%, 40% contribution from the 
biorefinery. And this has been driven, yes, by the scenario improvement, significant 
scenario improvement, but also actually by a very strong performance from the asset. If 
you look to the available asset, Chalmette and Gela in this quarter, overall utilization rate 
has been above 90%. And then on top, we put in place several optimization levers in 
order to extract all the value available. Moving forward... it's going to proceed in that 
direction. Rationale is given by the fact that this market scenario is underpinned by an 
increased demand. Demand for 2026 is foreseen around 20 million ton versus the 16 
million ton of 2025. And this is due by the rollout of new regulation in Europe. With 
the Renewable Energy Directive, we got just a few days ago, Spain again confirming 
target, moving from energy content to GHG reduction and banning double counting. 
And then, on top on in US, where we got in April a confirmation on the new target from 
the Environmental Protection Agency. And even if we look at the market as a whole, we 
saw that the flows from US to Europe are pretty much dropping. And this is because the 
value of both market is quite relevant and strong, given what I said. 
ExxonMobil: I see that, frankly, the challenge here is obviously with the Strait closed, 
we've got about roughly 3 million barrels a day of capacity that's not available to the 


[Page 36]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 36
marketplace. China has stopped exporting. There's another couple of million barrels a 
day of refinery capacity that is not available to the market. And then, of course, 
Ukraine's been pretty effective at taking Russia refining capacity out. And so another 
million barrels a day or so of, Russian refining capacity that in the past was providing 
product to the broader market. So with all those, that supply out, we're well below 
available capacity, frankly, that I've ever seen. If you exclude COVID where there was no 
demand, I've never seen the available capacity relative to demand as low as it is today. 
It's going to take a while for the industry to, kind of climb its way out of that hole.
Gevo Inc: Stage three of our growth plan contemplates the conversion of approximately 
one-third of Gevo North Dakota's expanded low carbon ethanol capacity into 
higher value synthetic aviation fuel through Project Northstar, also known as ATJ-
30, which is our 30 million gallon per year alcohol-to-jet development project.
Kazatomprom: In China, the State Council recently greenlit the construction of four 
new nuclear power projects, adding another eight reactors to this buildout. 
Simultaneously, India is pushing ahead with an ambitious goal to commission five new 
nuclear reactors within this decade. New realities are signaling that the era of cheap 
uranium is fading away, but the fundamental urgency for secure, baseload, emission-
free power is stronger than ever. Global utilities completely recognize this shift. We are 
certain that long-term uranium demand is going to be consistent and powerful. Every 
single pound we produce will have a clear, committed and waiting buyer. Additionally, 
financial investment funds continue to accumulate physical uranium. This 
consistent buying, supported the spot market, driving the spot price up by roughly a 
quarter in the first half of 2026 compared to last year. The growing demand is clearly 
reflected in recent market data, which highlights a distinct shift in utility procurement 
strategy. Western utilities are actively transitioning from a just-in-time 
philosophy to a just-in-case strategy. They are moving away from short-term spot 
reliance towards long-term inventory security. This structural change confirms our macro 
outlook perfectly. We must not mistake this inventory buildup as market oversupply. 
What is happening is that utilities are establishing substantial inventory reserves 
because they have to. This strategic buffer is a necessity, not a preference. This is 
institutional risk management, not a permanent market surplus. Remember that 
uranium from a mine takes a long journey before it enters the nuclear reactor in a fuel 
assembly, going through conversion, enrichment and fabrication typically takes about 
two years.  So one year ago, the price for the sulphur was $250. Now it's $1,100. 
Kinder Morgan: ...we continue to see significant incremental project opportunities 
across our natural gas pipeline network. For example, we are in various stages of 
development on projects to serve more than 10 Bcf a day of natural gas demand in the 
power generation sector and approximately 3 Bcf a day in the LNG sector.
Liberty Energy: The partnerships with Oklo and Fervo, amongst others, allow us to 
start with natural gas fire generation, which makes great sense from a time to market 
standpoint, but also ultimately have that generation stack evolve to something more 
sophisticated that might include small modular reactors, might include enhanced 
geothermal on those locations as well.
MOL: In respect of the retail segment, however, the region is shaped by price controls, 
governmental interventions, definitely a constrained situation on the retail margins, of 
course, secondary supply issues, which is not only just the pricing, but also the summer, 
practically the summer temperature and the low level of the rivers created a lot 
of logistic issues and secondary supply questions in many of the countries.
The good news is that we have a robust water intake system at our production sites, 
which provides stable operation even at these lower water levels. In particular, the 
Danube refinery, which is the most vulnerable, we have installed mobile pumps to 
Danube River. With this improvement, now all production sites can tolerate further 1.5 
to 2-meter lower water decrease.
The short-term, mid-term, and long-term effect, if these conflicts are prolonged, 
and because of the ceasefire couldn't last long enough to solve the Middle East 
situation, and the situation is now also affecting Red Sea cargoes.
Regarding the Danube level. I would like to address the whole heatwave situation 
and the impact to our operation. As you might know, that the drought in 
Hungary has caused the level of Danube to decrease up to a level at which the 
country's nuclear operation is very much limited, so the operation had to be 


[Page 37]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 37
reduced drastically. For this reason, we were asked by the government to revisit 
our power usage, and as it was also mentioned at the press conference, 31st of July, 
when the Prime Minister Péter Magyar visited our refinery in Százhalombatta, but we 
can contribute up to 65 MW to reduce the consumption or the total impact will be 65 
MW.
Regarding the effect of heatwave on assets, our Downstream production operation in 
extreme ambient temperatures is being continuously reviewed. 
...most probably after the season, the demand for the petroleum products, but also the 
maintenance issues and hopefully the logistic issues on the river because of the low 
water levels, will somehow ease up the situation and then we can get back to a bit of a 
normal price levels. Once the price levels get a bit lower compared to this very 
high level that it was in the recent days, then I think the need for the political 
interventions would also decrease.
Neste: ...the global demand for renewable diesel. We're estimating it to be 
somewhere around 20 million tonnes. And with these decisions, we project demand to 
grow about 10% per year, heading then beyond 30 million tonnes per 
annum...situation on SAF. No major decisions announced this year. We are on the 
current trajectory still with 35% increase, still, of course, a small market, very nascent 
market, but, of course, recognizing that the fossil jet fuel market is huge and continues 
to grow, there is also significant upside potential in this area as we go forward. And of 
course, we are doing our own work to advocate the benefits of SAF and look forward to 
seeing the 6% then being implemented in 2030 in Europe.
The market environment has been favorable for us and we've been able to take 
advantage of the opportunities ahead. Also, strategically, I'm very pleased that the 
Renewable Energy Directive III decisions have finally started to be implemented in 
Europe, and also the RVO decisions in the US were a positive signal also for us for the 
future. 
So, on the upper left-hand side, you can see our Renewable Products sales. We sold over 
1 million tonnes. And in terms of our financial result, in terms of EBITDA, €1.2 billion, 
and that is record EBITDA for Neste. I'm very pleased with the RP margin. I know a lot of 
us talk about the sales margin and follow that closely, $1,200 per tonne is a record 
number. I think the way I sort of see it is that it is a positive signal that we have been able 
to monetize the market opportunity that has been here in the second quarter.
NexGen Energy: The labor component of the underground engineering is a material 
percentage of the overall cost. And now, wages will go up and there are cost 
pressures. 
The Building Canada Act marks a significant shift in support for major energy 
infrastructure projects, and Canada's new – newly released nuclear energy strategy sets 
out clear ambitions, including a doubling of uranium exports by 2035.
Uranium prices have increased 500% over the last decade, while supply has 
only grown 14% over the same period. The past 12 months have only reinforced 
how little new supply is available to come online and how increasingly challenging it is to 
keep existing producing sources running.
OMV: ...logistics, transportation, low water levels are an issue and they are driving 
the possibility to transport the things. On top of low water levels, there are also 
some rail issues in Germany. So all this is limited in their supply chains, and I think this 
is what is causing the fuel prices and in particular the middle distillate prices to be where 
they are.
Peabody Energy: Talking about seaborne, the biggest thing is drought, 
particularly in Asia and China. So we've seen very strong coal burn in China. There's a 
lot of noise around how much coal China actually is consuming, but they're consuming 
a hell of a lot of coal, and production at the moment isn't keeping up, domestic 
production. So the main thing we've seen here with this weather pattern is that hydro 
production from the great river system in China is down.
Pembina Pipeline: We also reached a positive final investment decision on the 
Greenlight Electricity Centre, a 932-megawatt gas-fired generation facility that will 
provide dedicated power to a new Alberta data center being developed by Meta.
Phillips 66: We had strong earnings in Q2 driven by credits and strong diesel margins, 
largely a function of the Iran war. Renewable diesel prices and the RINs roughly doubled 


[Page 38]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 38
versus 2025 due to the Iranian situation.  
SK Innovation: In North America...we'll do our best to win and deliver additional orders 
in the currently robust ESS market.
In addition to that in light of the overall global AI/DC-related demand and also the 
demand for more greener forms of energy, we do expect that the overall ESS market will 
grow at a very high rate.
...we do understand that there is a renewed interest on the consumer side for EV 
vehicles due to the fact that they actually will provide a lower fuel cost burden 
each of the consumers.
...to convert some of our existing EV lines for ESS purposes, that will continue. 
And at the same time, we will also try to increase our ESS order book so that we can 
utilize our existing capacity and assets in a more efficient manner and also operate at 
such.
In Europe, local production incentive policies and EV-related support policies remain in 
place. We will leverage our strength in European production bases to enhance 
operational stability and strengthen our negotiating power with customers.
S-Oil: ...we are using the detour shipping routes since the war broke out. And 
we're also looking into various supply scenarios and countermeasures under the 
assumption that there will be some disruptions in the shipping routes from the Red 
Sea. And if we opt for the detour shipping routes through this Red Canal, this could 
delay the crude arrival in South Korea by about 30 days. So we'll come up with various 
phased countermeasures such as leasing the stockpile crude oil from the government 
and having to spot crude oil on a contingency basis.
First of all, we are seeing exports from the Middle East being contracted...And the 
Russian refining facilities are also disrupted because of the drone attacks from Ukraine. 
And this subsequently moves the Russian government to impose restrictions on jet fuel 
and diesel exports. And China is also restricting its exports of refined products...As of 
July this month, about 40% of Russia's refining capacity has been hit by the drone 
attacks. And in terms of utilization rate, it is equivalent to about 36%.
In addition, as demand for diesel for power generation has increased amid the European 
heat wave, Russia has expanded its export restrictions to include gasoline, jet fuel 
and diesel following damage to its refining facilities. 
Tight market environment is expected to persist in Q3 amid ongoing crude and product 
supply disruptions. The driving season remains underway, while Europe is expected to 
increase demand for diesel used in power generation due to heat waves.
Suncor Energy: In Fort Mac,record rain and snow melt continued throughout the 
quarter, with total precipitation, the highest in more than 30 years, 50% higher than 
the 10-year average and unfortunately, it materially affected mining productivity and 
quarterly production, with an estimated 50,000 to 60,000 barrels a day impact in the 
second quarter.
Technip Energies:  Well, listen, there's no real momentum accelerating in Green H2. It's 
rather stable and one good indicator to track is the number of gigawatts of electrolyzers 
being ordered on a yearly basis, and it's fairly flat at or around 3 gigawatts, I believe. So 
it is flat.
During the Q1 call, I categorized the project into three categories. Those projects which 
are mostly well advanced, like the NFE project in Qatar, which has all equipment on site 
to progress. The project is in early stage, in engineering stage -- phase, and therefore, 
they are not affected at all because procurement has not started like NFW. And you have 
the projects that are mid-stage, midlife, if I may say, like NFS and Ruwais LNG to name 
two of them, one in Qatar, one in the UAE. Those are in need for larger volume of parts 
and materials and equipment because we have tens of thousands of workers mobilized, 
and basically we need to feed the working teams with enough equipment so that they 
can progress with a project and with a job. So if I look at those projects that are actually 
in mid-cycle of their life, we need to bring another 30, 35 vessels equivalent to the site, 
ideally through the Strait of Hormuz. But we know this is not an easy thing to achieve, 
hence why we have developed, like others, alternative routes and they are working 
full steam. So what do we mean by our assumption that the conditions remain the 
same? Well, we're assuming that we will be able to get a few ships through the Strait of 
Hormuz, but the vast majority would have to actually go through the alternative routes, 
which is land and trucking, which is less optimal because more expensive and it 
takes longer.


[Page 39]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 39
Thai Oil: So the refinery in Russia has production cuts of 2.8 million barrel per day, 
starting from the end of July. This volume is massive. So this is the whys and wherefores 
showing that the spread of the products strengthens heavily. But in the next period, if 
the Strait of Hormuz is open, we will see more outflow of crude and our refinery outside 
the warzone can increase its production capacity and refineries can produce more then 
they can export their products. So in quarter four, looking ahead, the margin will soften 
to a normalized level, but still remain high, which is nearly the end of the last year when 
this is similar to when the refinery in Russia shut down.
Tupras: ...we placed order for four Suezmax ships a couple of days ago and signed a 
construction contract with two Korean shipbuilders. As you know, we have been active 
in this business for an extended period, and the primary objective of this investment is to 
expand our fleet and strengthen the security and flexibility of our crude oil supply chain. 
That's very critical for us because we are short in fleet. We need to import crude to the 
country in order to run our refineries. We are short in transportation and time charter. 
This is one of the costs that we incur in order to bring products to the country. We think 
that investing in vessels will support Tüpraş's core refining operations by increasing our 
transportation flexibility and enhancing supply security as well as operational efficiency. 
These are the reasons that we think will be key for investing in those four ships. What I 
can tell you in addition to this is that with these four Suezmax ships, our total shipping 
capacity is expected to increase by around 75% to around 1.5 million deadweight tons.


[Page 40]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 40
Utilities
American Electric Power: One of the most important drivers of our sustained long-
term growth outlook continues to be large load demand. We now have 69 gigawatts of 
contracted load additions through 2030, up 6 gigawatts from the 63 gigawatts 
disclosed last quarter...From a geographic perspective, Texas continues to represent our 
largest opportunity, with 45 gigawatts of contracted load through 2030. Ohio accounts 
for 12 gigawatts, followed by Oklahoma, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana and Virginia, 
which combined make up the remaining 12 gigawatts.
Regarding nuclear, we continue to advance an early-stage nuclear generation strategy. 
This is being driven by demand from potential customers who value alternative forms of 
long-term baseload generation to support their rapidly growing demand.
AEP'S five-year capital plan stood at just $38 billion only four years ago...We also shared 
on the first quarter call that we have line of sight to over $10 billion of incremental 
investments that are not included in the $78 billion. Consisting of the fuel cells for the 
Wyoming project, the Piketon transmission opportunity and incremental power 
generation, we continue to work with a hyperscaler on the Wyoming fuel cell initiative 
and remain highly optimistic about the project's advancement.
Auren Energia: El Nino, as everyone knows, a lot of rain in the south, not a lot of rain in 
the northeast. And the area of the reservoirs in southeast, it's uncertain.
Axia Energia: About the effects of El Nino in energy prices and portfolio, we already 
received an increase in rainfall in the south region. We had in the south the highest 
rainfall in the last two years, and that naturally brings pressure downwards in the short 
term prices...El Nino as a concept has some effects that tend to increase intensity. 
For example, higher rainfall in the south, we already saw. A reduction of rainfall in the 
north and northeast regions, and temperatures above average in majority of the country. 
Without a clear definition of what happens with rainfall in the southeast, which is where 
we have the majority of our reservoirs.
BKW AG: The Oberhasli power plant has good results because glaciers have been 
melting as a result of the heat.
The dry weather led to further decrease in hydroelectric power generation of 0.1 
terawatt hours to 1.6 terawatt hours. Production from wind farms and PV plants 
remained under pressure due to poor wind conditions.
Brookfield Renewable Partners: Global electricity demand is accelerating and there is 
simply not enough new capacity coming online to keep up. This supply demand 
imbalance is compounded by grid infrastructure that has not kept pace with the 
growing need for electricity and is not being developed quickly enough to 
accommodate new demand. 
The US Department of Energy issued a commitment for up to $17.5 billion in loan 
facilities to support the procurement of long lead equipment for the deployment of up 
to 10 Westinghouse AP1000 reactors in the United States.
One of the most compelling opportunities we see today is in battery storage. Storage is 
becoming an increasingly critical component of the energy mix, expanding the hours 
during which renewable generation can meet demand while providing flexibility and 
improving overall grid reliability. This is particularly important as hyperscalers and 
governments increasingly require reliable, dispatchable power alongside low-cost, faster 
market renewable generation to support rapidly growing electricity demand.
Increasing global demand for nuclear power continues to support growth across 
Westinghouse's core fuel and maintenance services business, while increased energy, 
engineering and design activity.
...associated with new reactor construction is also contributing to these strong results.
…batteries are the fastest-growing technology within Brookfield Renewable today. And 
we are looking to invest in and develop batteries alongside new wind and solar on a 
standalone basis and retroactively on existing wind and solar.
[in response to a question on batteries] on the LCOEs. They've come down very, very 
dramatically in the last call it 24 months. There are some short-term dynamics at play in 
terms of input cost into batteries that can cause short-term variations in those LCOEs. 
But we're still in the very early days of the supply chain scaling up and the technology 
improving. So long term, we expect LCOEs to continue to go down, albeit there could be 
some short-term noise just dependent on input costs.


[Page 41]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 41
Cemig: El Niño requires a robust planning, which we have. For our maintenance plan, 
we have a contingency plan considering that we have the largest investment plan in 
history. We are executing our maintenance plan, also the largest one in history, our 
OpEx. We have AME, meters automation, the electric systems. So for the second-half of 
2026, we are fully prepared for El Niño impacts.
CenterPoint Energy: Moving now to the $1.2 billion increase in our 10-year capital 
investment plan. Today we are increasing our capital investment plan by $800 million to 
support targeted system upgrades associated with the 14 gigawatts of expected Batch 0 
eligible projects.
I will provide an update on the significant progress we have made through ERCOT's new 
Batch 0 process, including the submission of more than 17 gigawatts of large load 
projects. 14 gigawatts of these submissions are expected to be eligible for Batch 0 and 
would represent an increase of more than 65% from Houston Electric's current system 
peak of 21 gigawatts.
Clearway Energy: I think the basic rule for the last number of years has been that if a 
project is credibly in a position to be completed over the course of the coming 36 to 48 
months with an established interconnection position and a path towards obtaining the 
permits that are necessary to be built, the load serving entities in our country 
absolutely want to buy its output. In our wind fleet, we experienced lower than 
typical resource at both Alta and our ERCOT fleet during the quarter, continuing the 
meteorological pattern tied to the El Niño Southern Oscillation or ENSO that 
shaped first quarter results as well.
Centrica: And with warmer summers now seemingly the norm, being able to 
offer both heating and cooling will be a growing competitive advantage for us.
CEZ: So, then on water and nuclear, we also follow the news. In our case, we actually 
don't have an impact on hot weather as all our power plants are using cooling towers. 
So that we actually are not dependent on how much water is in the nearby river. Maybe 
one of the reasons is that nearby rivers are not as large as the Danube in Hungary, so that 
we are using different methods of cooling, which is cooling towers, which is 
almost closed cycle.
So, the only impact is actually that if the cooling water is not cold enough, the 
efficiency of the power plant is going down by a few megawatts per unit or by 
very few percent, low percentage points. But that's all  so no outages.
A cooling tower still needs some water from the river, but significantly smaller amounts 
compared to flow-through cooling.
[In response to a question on whether they would need to reduce nuclear output on a 
continued drought] No, we have enough water.
CLP Holdings: Hong Kong delivered another strong result with operating earnings up 
6% to $4.8 billion. Earnings growth reflected continued capital investments, expanding 
the asset base together with lower interest costs on a lower rate environment and 
proactive refinancing. We invested $4.8 billion of CapEx, the majority in transmission 
and distribution, supporting Northern Metropolis development, data-center expansion 
and grid upgrades on demand. Local electricity sales rose 3.6% reflecting stronger 
economic demand. Data-center demand grew close to 12% and transport 
electrification continued to accelerate, reinforcing their roles as key structural growth 
drivers.
[Australia] In the first half, Orana Battery reached commercial operations adding 200 
megawatts of flexible capacity through an offtake arrangement. Hallett and Wooreen 
batteries are under construction and Mount Piper Battery is progressing towards final 
investment decision. And that brings me to a longer term opportunity at the Yallourn 
site. While the retirement of Yallourn in 2028 marks the end of coal-fired generation on 
the site, it also gives us the option to repurpose it. The hardest and most expensive 
parts of an energy project are already in place around 5,500 hectares of freehold 
land. Existing high voltage transmission at 220 and 500 kV, secure water access 
and a skilled labor workforce. We are exploring a range of development pathways 
centered on the growth in large-scale data-center demand. The initial configuration 
includes up to two 1 GW data centers with scope to expand over time as demand 
develops.
So by 2035 we need to achieve 60% to 70% zero carbon energy in our generation fuel 
mix. So the idea is to bring zero carbon energy from the mainland to Hong Kong, which 


[Page 42]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 42
consists of mainly nuclear, but also with some renewable energy.
The national energy transition is a powerful tailwind. 240 to 320 gigawatts of 
renewable energy per year, CNY 5 trillion of grid investment and 300 gigawatts 
of storage by 2030.
CMS Energy: Our large load tariff ensures new large load customers bear all costs to 
serve them, supports economic growth, and protects existing customers.
Constellation Energy: ...we have signed approximately 920 megawatts of long-
term nuclear deals that are consistent with our view of long-term value. These 
contracts have an average duration of 18.5 years and are with investment-grade 
customers.
 We have plenty of unused capacity in generation and in the wires grid over 99% 
of the hours of the year. We have a peak capacity concern, not an energy 
concern. The secret sauce here is to deal with the handful of peak hours that present 
reliability concerns, and at the same time, to harvest the stranded capacity that exists 
every other hour of the year. If we do this right, then we can actually bring on these 
critical technologies and lower energy costs for everyday families and businesses.
...we have now contracted roughly 30% of our clean baseload output under long-term 
agreements, and our transactional pipeline for future deals is both robust and active.
Contact Energy: Construction is well-progressed on our Te Mihi Stage 2 geothermal 
project with a steam fill separator, heat exchangers and turbines for the first unit already 
installed. Te Mihi 2 is scheduled to be online in quarter three next year and will replace 
Wairakei to a degree which has been running since the 1950s. 
It's fair to say that we were on an international tour recently promoting New Zealand 
as a data center destination and we were right up there with the Nordic 
countries in terms of the attractiveness of New Zealand, we have the renewable 
energy, we have the cold climate, we have a strong pro-investment market and 
we have the digital connectivity. And so like Norway and the rest of Scandinavia and 
Iceland, we are right there at the top of the pecking order in terms of attractiveness for 
data center, our renewable energy powered data center.
Copel: Our approach focuses on the preventive management of the asymmetric 
regional impacts of this climate phenomenon. In the South, where we concentrate our 
main operations, high rainfall is forecast, especially between August and November, 
with heavy rains in the southern and Paranapanema basins in the Southeast and 
Midwest, high temperatures are expected, particularly in Q4, driving up the system's 
load...However, in our view, this fluctuation is temporary and will have no impact on our 
balance sheet without changing the expectation of higher prices in the long run...On the 
other hand, the increase in load caused by heat waves will trigger spikes in hourly prices 
in the short term market due to the sudden demand for power.
Dominion Energy: Notably, nine of the DOM zone's top 10 all-time peak days have 
occurred this year, including the eight highest summer peak days which have all 
occurred in the last two months. 
We now have over 53 gigawatts of data-center capacity in various stages of contracting, 
including approximately 12 gigawatts of capacity contracted under electric service 
agreements. To put that in context, we've added over 5 gigawatts of contracts or 
roughly 11% since the end of last year. 
...we've successfully installed 31 turbines, with the installation of the 32nd currently in 
progress, averaging approximately two days of operations per installation from jack up 
to jack down in line with our prior assumptions. It's worth noting that the 31 turbines 
installed today have a capacity of more than 450 megawatts, rivaling the magnitude 
of some of our fossil units.
Drax: NESO's future energy scenarios show power demand is likely to double over the 
next 25 years, driven by the electrification of heating, transport and new industrial 
demand like data centers. To help meet this demand, there will need to be up to a 
sevenfold increase in wind and solar, while at the same time, unabated gas is expected 
to retire from the system, meaning that while carbon emissions will reduce, the system 
also will become progressively more dependent on intermittent renewables, as well as 
over time on inflexible nuclear power. And as a result, there's likely to be either too little 
or too much power on the system at any one point in time. So this system transition 
creates opportunities for significant investment in renewables as well as in flexible 
We discuss this in detail in our recent 
report on power capex which also 
discusses peak shaving.


[Page 43]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 43
generation, principally in BESS, which NESO believes could quadruple in 
capacity.
But I would say that I think that the summer situation is going to become increasingly 
more challenging relative to what it has been, right? And you get this combination of a 
heatwave across the continent, challenges with nuclear cooling water, et cetera, so 
challenges in efficiency of various different types of technologies as it gets hotter and air 
conditioning sales are going through the roof, right? So I mean, it's probably 
something we should have and will be expecting to be the new reality.
Duke Energy: We are also evaluating the potential for new nuclear to meet 
future demand. We want to continue to emphasize that additional financial 
protections are needed before we would propose a new nuclear project. 
So we share the commission as well as the governor's focus on affordability and 
making sure that customers are protected from these large loads and that we're 
providing reliable service as an low cost service to our customers. 
As the operator of the largest regulated fleet in the US, we continue to see significant 
value in our existing nuclear fleet as we complete uprates and work to extend the 
lives of our existing units. 
Our contracts ensure large users of energy pay the costs of serving their facilities, 
and these projects are expected to deliver billions of dollars in benefits for existing 
customers over time. 
Beyond data center activity, we continue to see strong interest from a diverse set of 
commercial and industrial sectors, including life sciences and advanced manufacturing. 
In just the first half of this year, we've secured economic development wins, representing 
$5 billion of investment, supporting over 9,000 jobs across our service territories.
We're also maximizing existing generation by extending the lives of our nuclear fleet. 
Our battery deployment, in particular, will ramp significantly through the five-
year plan, with approximately 4.5 gigawatts of additions through 2031.
DTE Energy: Despite extensive storm forecasting and preparedness efforts, weather 
models did not anticipate the storm severity, and it developed rapidly with little 
advance warning, causing significant and widespread damage across the service 
territory including more than 600 broken poles and substantial damage driven by trees 
outside of the utility's maintained right of way.
...we're upgrading legacy portions of the grid to improve overall system performance. In 
2025, we converted over 70 miles of 4.8 kV circuit to higher voltage and rebuilt more 
than 20 miles of subtransmission infrastructure. We expect 2026 to represent our 
highest level of conversion activity yet. The fourth focus is tree trimming. We've 
completed our surge effort and are now focused on sustaining that progress. We're also 
piloting enhancements to our approach, including expanded clearing practices and new 
program options to further reduce outage risk. Supporting all of these efforts, we plan 
to invest approximately $11 billion over the next five years, driving continued reliability 
improvements while maintaining a strong focus on customer affordability.
E.ON: ...we are investing in charging infrastructure and new customer solutions. This 
not only helps to integrate renewables more effectively into the system, it also supports 
further growth driven by the increasing electrification of transport, heating and industry 
and enables our customers to actively participate in and benefit from the energy 
transition.
We're seeing a considerable rise in eMobility or cars being registered by some 
50%, and we are seeing a considerable increase in the installation of heat 
pumps. The speculation that the flexibility in the system will lead to a boom in gas fired 
heating cannot be confirmed by us. So electrification in the private customer segment is 
developing positively.
German EV registrations are up 50% and heat pumps applications around 35% 
year over year, driven by continued geopolitical uncertainty and improving 
economics of such solutions for our customers. The economics are becoming 
increasingly compelling. EVs already offer an advantage in total cost of ownership of 
around 13%, and heat pumps can produce heating costs It can reduce heating costs by 
up to 19%.
The...war in Ukraine and the still unresolved conflict in the Middle East both have 
dramatically brought energy into the spotlight again. The good news is, despite all the 
bad news in Europe, companies and European governments and operators of 
critical infrastructure are much more prepared than ever. They have learned 
from the energy crisis in 2022. But it's also clear that Europe and Germany in 
particular need to further strengthen their energy supply. The volatility tied to the 


[Page 44]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 44
navigability of a move and the limited availability of gas there poses a threat to energy 
supply. That's why the focus of the second half of the energy transition needs to be on 
making energy not only sustainable, but also keeping it affordable and ensuring it 
reaches the customers reliably.
Requests across our German business for battery storage connections increased 
by more than 30% in the first half of this year from an already very high base. In 
this very period alone, we have committed 10 gigawatts of additional battery capacity to 
be connected to our grids. This lifts our total commitments to 26 gigawatts around one 
quarter of Germany's peak load. As a second example, changing customer behavior 
is also supporting demand for grid infrastructure.
The first half of the energy transition was about expanding renewables. The second 
half is primarily about network infrastructure, system integration and 
efficiency. The policy framework for the energy transition therefore needs to be 
realigned. This applies first and foremost at the European level. We fundamentally 
welcome the direction of the planned EU grids package. It recognizes networks as 
backbone of the energy transition and addresses key challenges in planning, financing 
and permitting.
Large scale battery storage continues to boom as well. Beyond battery systems 
already connected, E. ON has issued approvals for more than 26 gigawatts of 
new capacity. To put this in perspective, that's more than a quarter of 
Germany's entire peak load. Requests for data center connections are growing 
at a similar rapid pace. We have already approved more than 13 gigawatts of 
new connections.
Edison International: SCE is using more advanced wildfire modeling, improved data 
and climate-informed analysis to better identify where wildfire consequences could be 
greatest. SCE has developed an enhanced wildfire risk model that combines multiple 
data sources to improve how it identifies, prioritizes and plans safety measures while 
accounting for high impact wildfire events that may not be reflected in historical data.
EDP: ...some of the key trends in Portugal. And I think the first thing is to really highlight 
that Portugal continues to stand out as a market where the demand growth is 
accelerating, supported by electrification, population growth, electrical vehicles, heat 
pumps, air conditioning, but also by the development of data centers. And we expect 
electricity demand in Portugal to grow at around 4.5% CAGR between 2026 and 2035.
Endesa: ...we continue to accelerate our investment plan with gross CapEx increasing 
by 14% year-on-year to €1.1 billion. Networks remained our main investment area, 
representing more than half of total CapEx. 
Wildfires and exceptional events are more and more frequent across Europe, particularly 
in areas in geographies like Spain. This is clearly an emergency that requires different 
organization to manage these emergencies and also requires blending of 
infrastructure in order to be more resilient.
Enlight Renewable: We signed a power purchase agreement with Google for our 
Solstice project in Oklahoma, our first commercial offtake agreement in the US and our 
first PPA in the Southern Power Pool. We exceeded the upper range of our safe harbor 
targets, reaching 17.9 factored gigawatt of safe harbor capacity, positioning us to 
continue to drive highly profitable growth in the US. In addition, we are well-positioned 
to capture the next wave of tax benefits in energy storage, which is in place 
until the end of 2033. We expanded our European storage footprint into two new and 
attractive markets Finland and Romania, acquiring several mature projects with high 
expected returns. Some projects have already started construction during the quarter 
with commercial operation date starting from 2028.
Energy storage remains a significant portion of our long term strategy, which 
continues to be eligible for full ITC via safe harbor through 2037. Our current portfolio 
includes an additional 4.7 factored gigawatts of energy storage that fits into this criteria 
and we will continue to build out this portfolio over the next few years.
In agrivoltaics, specifically, we continue to scale rapidly with dozens of land agreements 
signed over the past year, representing approximately 3 factored gigawatts of future 
solar capacity, while strengthening synergies between energy generation and 
agriculture, enhancing food security and energy security at once.
Engie: But there is a further reason why 2026, to me, is a tipping point, and that is 
climate, which is becoming less predictable, more extreme as seen with the 


[Page 45]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 45
number of heat waves and tragic fires recently observed in several countries.
We are at virtually 60 gigawatts in renewables and batteries. That's up by almost a third 
since the start of 2024. 
In our renewables and flex power GBU, we commissioned 2.4 gigawatts of new capacity 
in BESS, solar, and wind over the first six months, and we are now close to 60 gigawatts 
of installed capacity. At the end of June, we had 84 ongoing projects with more than 6 
gigawatts under construction. On the US specifically, power market fundamentals 
remain strong. Demand growth is real. In fact, Texas ERCOT market set an all-time peak 
above 91 gigawatts on July 22, driven by heat and data center load. We do 
continue to [grapple] with timing, especially as federal win permitting largely tied to FAA 
reviews remains slow moving industry-wide and part of our near-term pipeline has 
shifted with it. 
We have already achieved 47% of our 2030 target of supplying 50 terawatt hours of 
electricity to the technology and data center segment. 
...we had an example in June where we had a heat wave and in just a space of a few 
days there was EUR 11 million value-created from our gas fleet in Europe.
Entergy: Looking beyond our current outlooks, we continue to have 7 to 12 gigawatts 
of hyperscale data center potential in our pipeline as well as 3 to 5 gigawatts of interest 
from traditional industrial segments. 
Evergy: In total, the preferred plans for 2032 include more than 5 gigawatts of new 
additions with approximately 3.9 gigawatts of natural gas, nearly 800 megawatts of 
solar, and 450 megawatts of battery storage. 
In Kansas and Missouri, we received approval from the Kansas Corporation Commission 
and the Missouri Public Service Commission to construct three new natural gas facilities 
and three solar farms, totaling nearly 2.2 gigawatts of capacity. These projects further 
advance our all-of-the-above generation strategy to support growing customer 
demand.
In early June, we experienced back-to-back severe storms that generated straight-line 
winds of up to 115 miles per hour and multiple tornadoes that caused extensive damage 
across our service territory ranging from Central and Southeastern Kansas through the 
Kansas City Metro area.
Eversource Energy: We see ample need and opportunities for transmission 
infrastructure investment to further alleviate overall costs for customers. 
Continued investment is needed to maintain the level of affordable reliability and 
resiliency that customers have come to expect. This includes addressing aging 
infrastructure that is nearing the end of its useful life, responding to more 
frequent and unpredictable severe weather events and making the necessary 
upgrades to support the growing electric demand in the state.
Exelon: Those of you who are from Chicagoland know that this has been quite a year 
for storms. So far this year, ComEd has experienced 16 major weather events, more than 
it's seen in over two decades, while Illinois has recorded more tornadoes than any other 
state.
Affordability cannot be solved through cost discipline alone. It also requires new supply. 
At the beginning of the month, PJM was pushed to its limits. Demand hit a record peak 
of 168 gigawatts. PJM activated emergency procedures and called on demand response 
resources to maintain reliability, while power prices surged ten-fold from roughly $80 to 
$800 per megawatt hour. 
FirstEnergy: ...total forecasted data center demand has increased 30% since the first 
quarter to approximately 25 gigawatts.
HK Electric Investments: During the first half of 2026, we rolled out SmartGrid@HK 
Electric across 55 substations to strengthen network monitoring and proactive risk 
management capabilities, thereby enhancing resilience against emergencies and 
extreme weather. 
Hydro One: We are seeing a higher number of fires this year. In fact, the number of 
wildfires in Ontario this year is 54% above last year and 56% above the 10-year average. 
As electricity demand continues to grow across Ontario, aging infrastructure and 
changing weather patterns are placing increased demands on the electricity 
system. 


[Page 46]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 46
We've announced several critical investments in our transmission and distribution 
systems to modernize, strengthen and expand the grid in support of economic 
development and increase electrification across the province. During the quarter, Hydro 
One submitted leave-to-construct applications to the Ontario Energy Board for three 
major transmission projects. First, Northeast Power Line. A single circuit 500 KV 
transmission line connecting the Greater Sudbury area to the Wharncliffe area. Second, 
Longwood to Lakeshore line. A single circuit 500 KV transmission line connecting the 
municipality of Strathroy-Caradoc and Municipality of Lakeshore. Third Durham 
Kawartha Line. A double circuit 230 KV transmission line connecting the Municipality of 
Clarington and Peterborough County.
Iberdrola: Electricity demand from data centers in Finland is expected to grow 
by around 4 times by 2030, increasing from 1.6 gigawatts hour in 2024 to 
approximately 5 terawatt hours to 6 terawatt hours by 2030. This creates a clear 
requirement for continued investment in electricity network. Caruna is therefore 
positioned at the center of Finland's future economy, industrial and energy 
development. 
Caruna...serves approximately 740,000 supply points, representing around 1.5 million 
population and operates close to 89,000 kilometers of electricity line. Around 67% of 
the network has already been undergrounded. Undergrounding increase network 
resilience with these weather-related interruptions, improve security of supply, 
and lower operating and maintenance requirements over the life of the assets. This is 
particularly relevant in Finland.
Indraprastha Gas: So coming to the Delhi EV policy, yes, you are right. That mandate 
has already come. So effective 01/01/2027, there will be no more three wheelers in 
particularly registration and only EV registrations will happen. 
...going forward, all the fuels are going to coexist. In the current scenario, viewing the 
geopolitical situations and all, energy security remains top most priority. And there will 
not be a shift on a single energy fuel, whether it is conventional fuels, whether it is a 
CNG as a transition fuel, or it will be EV. So, it will be a mix of all these fuels. And going 
forward, we are anticipating a very, very robust growth from CNG… 
Meridian Energy: ...the role that solar can play in reducing dry year risk, as droughts 
generally coincide with periods of high sunshine and low rainfall. The more solar 
generation there is in the system, whether at utility scale or behind the meter, the less 
pressure there is on hydro storage during those periods. Solar therefore does more than 
add generation. It can help preserve water when water is most valuable.
We estimated that increasing storage flexibility could reduce average electricity prices by 
up to $10 a megawatt hour or by $400 million per annum.
National Grid: We plan to invest at least GBP 70 billion over the next five years, the 
largest capital investment program in our history. We have strong visibility over this 
program. Around two thirds of the GBP 70 billion investment is already covered by 
regulatory agreements with delivery mechanisms secured for around three quarters of it, 
giving us confidence whilst recognizing the scale of the delivery ahead. In the 
announcement of the recent investment in Joulent, our company mentions its aim to 
connect more than 5 gigawatts of data-center demand over the next five years, both in 
the US and the UK. 
...it's solar and it's customers and EVs and heat pumps, all saying, individually this would 
be a good thing for me, but the system has at some point have to be upgraded to 
be making this available not just for next year or the year after, but for decades to 
come.
Naturgy: On the renewable side, we see organic growth through hybridization, 
repowering and storage. These are the three key fundamental pillars of our organic 
growth. We have 1 gigawatt coming online this year and over 2 gigawatts more in 2027 
onwards. In these over 2 gigawatts of new capacity, more than half of it is around 
batteries as a clear attachment to the existing renewable generation that will help us to 
capture higher prices and higher margin in the electricity delivery.
On gas turbines, increasingly is a key actor in ancillary services, as you know. We had 
almost 5 terawatts of energy in the first half, and in Puerto Rico, 400 megawatts on a 
tender that we expect to get, in this case, news on the final decision by this summer.
Data centers. We have an opportunity to unlock value with limited capital. 900 
megawatts already in projects under development and 2 gigawatts in our pipeline.


[Page 47]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 47
NextEra Energy: Battery storage represented 2 gigawatts of additions this quarter. 
Battery storage remains an important growth driver… Our stand-alone and 
colocated battery storage pipeline sits at over 110 gigawatts without including our 
expansion opportunities. 
...along with Dominion Energy and certain other utilities, we announced our support for 
the White House's Ratepayer Protection Pledge, which reinforces this principle of 
large-load customers paying their fair share…We have roughly 21 gigawatts of large-
load interest at FPL. Of that, we are in advanced discussions on 12 gigawatts, a portion 
of which we believe we could begin serving as soon as 2028. 
Nextpower Inc:  Nextpower launched a power electronics business to solve customer 
needs for inverters, which include better operating performance, stronger domestic 
manufacturing, enhanced cybersecurity and support from an investment-grade US 
company that has a strong product service culture. Our new inverter business satisfies 
these needs and helps to further de-risk customers as we may see additional U. S. 
government restrictions on overseas inverters. We're pleased to announce today 
that our acquisition of the Apex inverter business has closed and that our product has 
achieved Underwriters Laboratories UL 1741 SB certification. We are further 
accelerating our US manufacturing build out across multiple locations. We expect 
deliveries to begin in early 2027 and plan to have over 10 gigawatts of US capacity 
online next summer.
Solar and storage are highly symbiotic technologies for electric grids, enabling low-cost 
energy and rapid capacity deployment for dispatchable firm power. Energy storage also 
represents a significant growth factor and opportunity for NextPower as it is projected to 
grow at 33% CAGR from 2025 to 2028 since our last call.
...the final thing I'll note is the first six months of this year-to-date, 90% or 91% of the 
power generation brought online in the United States, even in this regulatory 
environment, 91% was solar and storage. 
NRG Energy: Across ERCOT and PJM, projected demand growth is materially 
ahead of the supply currently expected to come online. 
...we're pursuing, the 1.2-gigawatt project advancing under it, and the broader 
opportunity in front of us. We are aligned on the principal commercial terms with a 
leading global cloud and AI hyperscaler, including their capital commitment to support 
1.2 gigawatts of new generation in Texas, with the potential to expand to 2.4 gigawatts. 
This is expected to be our first Bring Your Own Power project and reflects our strategy 
for large load growth.
OGE Energy: We're approaching consumer protections from all angles and leading the 
way with our tariff, which goes further than any of these other measures. We're putting 
words into action by doing everything within our power to protect customers from 
increased costs. The key components of the tariff include: funding upfront 100% of the 
cost to connect to the grid; a minimum 15-year commitment; minimum billing and 
collateral requirements, along with early termination and capacity reduction fees; a 
consumer protection charge, which provides a regulatory backstop if future impacts to 
existing customers emerge; and lastly, our proposed customer affordability charge 
would benefit residential customers to the tune of $25 million to $30 million annually 
for a typical 1 gigawatt data center.
Oklo: Oklo is participating in multiple projects connected to the Genesis Mission. One 
example is our announced collaboration with NVIDIA and Los Alamos National 
Laboratory. That work brings together Oklo's reactor and fuel capabilities, NVIDIA's AI 
infrastructure and Los Alamos expertise in nuclear fuels and materials. Together, we are 
working to develop and deploy physics and chemistry-based AI models, digital twins, 
modeling and simulation tools that can accelerate fuel validation and improve the 
workflows used to design, deploy and operate nuclear facilities. 
We are building one integrated nuclear technology platform across power, fuel and 
isotopes.
Origin Energy: Now just turning to what's happening in the market over the last 12 
months; in particular, what's happened with batteries. You'll see that grid-scale batteries 
in the NEM have more than doubled in the last 12 months, and they're now able to meet 
about 25% of peak demand. At the same time, you can see there's greater than four 
times growth in behind-the-meter batteries in the last 12 months. 


[Page 48]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 48
Ormat Technologies: We have seven Energy Storage projects under construction and 
development with total capacity of 497 megawatts or 1,888 megawatt hours. This 
includes the new 100 megawatt/400 megawatt hour Denali facility in California, which 
we recently approved for development. Denali is expected to commence operation by 
the end of 2028, and will provide storage services under a 20-year tolling agreement 
with Clean Power Alliance. Our broader US Energy Storage pipeline now totals 
approximately 2.5 gigawatts or approximately 10 gigawatt hours across 25 named 
prospects.
Energy Storage revenue increased 195% to $42.8 million, including approximately 
$19.5 million of higher revenue from existing PJM assets and approximately $7.7 million 
generated by newly commissioned facilities. 
Our EGS strategy advanced across three pillars during the quarter: surface technology, 
subsurface pilot projects in development, footprint across the western United States. On 
the surface side, we introduced Ormega100, our modular 100 megawatt ORC unit 
designed for large-scale geothermal and EGS applications.
Orsted: ...each of the recent 10 years have been one of the 10 warmest years ever 
recorded on Earth, and combined with wildfires across Southern Europe this summer, 
this obviously further underscores the need for a rapid acceleration of the energy 
transition. To improve European sovereignty and resilience, increased investments into 
renewable energy is central and necessary.
...solid development pipeline of opportunities in our US onshore business for the years 
to come. We have 6 to 7 gigawatts of capacity that meet the IRS definition of 
qualifications through '29. And our development portfolio consists of a mix of solar, 
wind and also storage. And I would say near-term, our near-term portfolio is probably 
weighted more towards solar. We recently achieved COD on all 300 BESS, so a 250-
megawatt battery in Texas and we also COD-ed Badger Wind in Q1.
PG&E Corp:  This quarter, that demand is coming into focus with new projects moving 
into our pipeline, which now stands at over 12 gigawatts.
I would say we definitely are using AI for wildfire and have been. The new models per se, 
we're always continually improving our technology adoption. Our biggest utilization of 
AI is certainly in meteorology and predicting our fire conditions and the fire situations. 
We use machine learning with our smart meters, which has been a big enhancement as 
of late. We take signals from our meters that previously were unutilized, and we can 
now triangulate those with some of the sensor technology, as well as just the smart 
meters themselves and go ahead and see faults on the service lines to homes, which is a 
whole new advancement. So, that's been a very important adoption of AI for 
wildfire...In addition to that, like we have over 650 high-definition cameras out in our 
service territory, and that's allowed us to be 18 minutes faster in response versus our 
traditional methods.
Portland General Electric: ...we continue to see strong demand from our technology, 
semiconductor, and data center customers with approximately 10% annual large 
customer capacity growth expected through 2030.
In Q2, the OPUC issued a final order approving PGE's new large load tariff effective in 
July, raising average prices approximately 30% for data centers while lowering rates for 
all other customers and capping several years of legislative and regulatory work.
PPL Corp: Signed data center agreements with PPL Electric Utilities increased for the 
10th consecutive quarter to about 32 gigawatts, an increase of 3.5 gigawatts from last 
quarter, with over 1 gigawatt coming from signed electric services agreements, or ESAs. 
We now have more than 11 gigawatts under ESAs...
The tariffs approved in Pennsylvania and Kentucky are grounded in a simple 
principle, large-load customers pay their own way, with enforceable provisions 
that protect existing customers from cost shifts. 
Public Service Enterprise Group: Our ongoing investments in PSE&G's system 
replacement, reliability and energy efficiency were the main drivers of growth in our 
financial results in the second quarter.
During the heat wave, PSE&G reached a peak summer load of 10,446 megawatts, 
the highest level in 14 years, and activated Demand Response, part of our Clean 
Energy Future programs, during three separate events in early July, helping to 
keep peak energy costs down for customers. 
PSEG Nuclear also performed well during the quarter, supplying the grid with 7.8 


[Page 49]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 49
terawatt hours of carbon-free, 24/7 baseload generation, and achieving a capacity 
factor of 92% that included a second consecutive breaker to breaker run at Salem Unit 
2. 
Governor Sherrill recently signed the Power New Jersey Act into law, establishing a 
new nuclear procurement process at the BPU to procure at least 1,100 
megawatts through a state-backed program.
Redeia: ...trends are the growth of industrial consumption and the increase in final 
electricity uses like heat pumps and electric vehicles.  Also, long-term, we expect 
very significant growth in demand due to the growth in the deployment of data centers, 
the electrification of ports, industry, and transport, railway corridors, and battery 
factories.
RWE:  In July, two of our former nuclear sites in Gundremmingen and Biblis have been 
selected as fusion energy hubs by the German Federal Ministry. One for magnetic, one 
for laser fusion technology. Accordingly, we will optimize the decommissioning process 
of these sites to adapt the continued usage of existing infrastructure for fusion 
technology.
Sembcorp: ...people are talking about nuclear and if nuclear comes, we are also 
positioning ourselves to protect our market share...
We're seeing an enormous push now into the electrification of vehicles off the 
back of what's happened in the Middle East.
Sempra: Texas is continuing to experience unprecedented growth in electricity 
demand as evidenced by ERCOT's new all-time peak load of 91 gigawatts that was 
reached last month.
Snam: During the hottest week of June, we observed a significant decline in 
wind generation, which is a fairly typical pattern during prolonged heat wave 
conditions. At the same time, electricity demand remained robust, driven in part 
by higher cooling needs. The reason why we have such a huge increase is that there 
are some unexpected factors. There is a heatwave taking place in Italy while we are 
talking now. So, we lack in hydroelectric generation and there is someone that needs to 
fill the gap.
Talen: Since the inception of the modern-day PJM, 70% of the 10 highest peak load 
days have occurred over the last 15 months...Five of these peak load days were 
just in the month of July. For Talen, this means higher runtimes, which you can see as 
our total generation grew by 13% when compared to a pro forma amount from last 
year, which also includes the assets that we have acquired. In PJM, demand is forecasted 
to grow over 17% through the end of the decade, meaning higher runtimes for our 
existing generation fleet.
...total US power demand is forecasted to continue to grow by over 20% through the 
end of the decade.
Tata Power: Rains have been delayed and wherever it has happened it has been very 
inadequate. So I think we can expect a longish summer this year and with very little of 
the rain in most of the parts of the country, which is leading to cooling requirement. 
And that's why you see a large increase in consumption of power.
Tenaga Nasional: So, turning to our operational backdrop, electricity demand remains 
accelerated throughout the first half, primarily from expanding commercial sector. This 
structural demand growth was demonstrated earlier this month when system peak 
demand scaled consecutive historical highs, reaching 22,014 megawatt on 6 
August 2026, and surpassing the previous record 21,827 megawatt set just three days 
prior. These record peaks underscore the sustained growth in electricity 
demand across the country.
...total electricity units sold grew by 8%year-on-year. This growth was anchored by the 
commercial sector, which now comprise 39% of the total sales volume. Commercial 
demand expanded by 13.7% year-on-year, driven by data centers, shopping malls, 
businesses and accommodation-related services. So, looking specifically at the data 
center on-year, surging from 1-point terawatt hour to 4 terawatt hour. 
Furthermore, load ramp- predictable volume scaling. While data centers represent our 


[Page 50]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 50
fastest growing load category, they currently account for relatively small 6% of total 
sales, highlighting the underlying diversification and resilience of our broader customer 
base.
Johor is actually the biggest data center clusters actually in the world, whereas Malaysia 
is actually one of the top 10 data centers clusters actually around the world. That augurs 
well when it comes to data centers business coming to Malaysia.
In the first half of this year, we will commission an additional 30.5 megawatt from Unit 1 
of the Sungai Perak hydro life extension program and our Large Scale Solar project in 
Sabah. Our commissioning trajectory accelerates in 2027, adding nearly 1 gigawatt of 
RE capacity via Nenggiri Hydro and Large Scale Solar 5. And this will be followed by over 
3-gigawatt peak in 2028, anchored predominantly by our flagship NETR developments. 
2030 will mark a pivotal year as we commercialize our 3-gigawatt of diversified capacity 
spanning solar, hydro and wind assets across both our domestic and international 
portfolios.
And if you look at some of the energy transition projects that we are doing. Smart meter, 
which is a key project for us to enable Time of Use for all our customers. Year-to-date,we 
have achieved around 351,000 meters installed. That would be – target this year is 
around 1 million. By the time we finish year-to-date, that is already close to 6 million 
customer having smart meters.
And we are revising our electricity demand growth upward between 5% to 6%. 
And this aligns with Malaysia's projected GDP growth of 4% to 5% this year. To 
support this expanding electricity demand, and execute our strategic decarbonization 
commitments, we maintain our total growth CapEx deployment for the year to be 
approximately MYR 18 billion. Of this, MYR 13 billion will be allocated to our core 
regulated business, with the remaining MYR 5 billion will fund for our non-regulated 
growth pillar.
So there's plenty of exciting projects because we see moving forward until 2021, 2022, 
there's a – good growth in total electricity demand, whereas – and what we see 
essentially our existing facility remains the same… So there is a risk now to actually 
plant up quickly in order for us to meet those rises in demand.
...going close to more than 5 gigawatt coming to the system. And that's a good news 
for the industry. That's what I can tell you is for the next three years, projected close to 8 
gigawatt coming from data centers already.
Terna: Over the first six months of the year, we have integrated around 3.4 gigawatt of 
the renewable capacity and more than 1 gigawatt hour of storage.
...CapEx amounted to €1.6 billion, marking a 20% increase compared to the same 
period of last year. Out of this amount, around €1.5 billion was invested in regulated 
activities, with 60% devoted to development, almost 30% for asset renewal and 
efficiency, and the rest for defense CapEx. Among the main projects of the period, our 
investment efforts mainly focus on the Tyrrhenian Link, the Sa.Co.I.3, the 
interconnection in Italy and Tunisia, the Chiaramonte Gulfi-Ciminna power line and the 
so called Adriatic Link. On defense, investments totaled around €172 million, in line with 
our defense plan, with the aim of ensuring grid resilience and security through the 
installation of synchronous compensators, shunt reactors and dumping resistor 
systems.
Uniper: We intend to invest about EUR 5 billion in security of supply and the 
transformation of Europe's energy systems by 2030. More than half of this 
planned investment will go into Flexible Generation. We have a broad pipeline, 
new build projects, but also the development of existing sites and also the conversion of 
existing power plants to alternate fuels. These include the planned investments in new 
power plants under the previously mentioned capacity auctions in Germany, as well as 
other gigawatt scale projects in the United Kingdom, Sweden, and the Netherlands. Our 
Connah's Quay project in the U.K., for example, with fully integrated CCS technology, or 
the conversion of our Karlshamn power plant in Sweden is another. We aim to 
decarbonize in Sweden 1.7 GW of generating capacity by 2030. About 1/3 of our 
investments until 2030 will go towards Green Generation.
Alongside the broad trend towards electrification, another very powerful driver of 
demand is now emerging. The next industrial revolution will be driven by artificial 
intelligence, and even the best AI ultimately needs one thing: secure and reliable 
energy. The biggest optical or bottleneck facing the construction of new data 
centers is obtaining a grid connection. Developers in Germany often wait years for 
connection approvals. Many of our power plant sites already have such 
connections. We've already identified more than 10 of our own sites with suitable 
infrastructure along Europe's data corridors. Three projects are at an advanced stage of 


[Page 51]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 51
development. We've already completed an initial project in the U.K. and expect to make 
additional investment decisions in the remainder of this year. Projects like these enable 
our plant sites to serve as nodes in the AI economy.
The International Energy Agency forecasts that until 2030, electricity demand in the EU 
alone will grow by around 300 TWh.
The unscheduled unavailability of Oskarshamn 3 nuclear power plant, which began in 
February 2026, led to a reduction in power production and thus to lower earnings at our 
nuclear business in Sweden.
If you look at July 22, there was about a 3.5-hour window as the solar was 
dropping off the grid, that you needed the batteries to serve load and you 
needed about 25 gigawatt-hours worth of batteries to serve, and there's only 
about 31 gigawatt-hours worth of batteries available on the system.
Looking ahead, Europe is going to need more electricity, significantly more, for 
heat pumps, for electro-mobility, for data centers, and above all, for the 
electrification of industry.
Declines in renewable output by extremely hot weather have recently been 
more frequent as well.
Around 30 GW of coal-fired capacity will exit the German market by the end of 2030. 
Earnings at our hydropower business in Germany were adversely affected by a decline in 
earnings on hedging transactions and by exceptionally low water flow. There will always 
be droughts. But this volatility of water availability or water volume availability 
on the example of Germany, for example, this volatility increases, and that is 
something that you cannot influence at all.
 As far as the sales and marketing is concerned, and we are already looking into this, we 
are looking at selling less early on, so not 80% or 95%, but less so that we are more 
flexible, or to move closer to the actual delivery date. It is also important to explain that 
climate change does not only mean drought, but sometimes also floods In that 
phase, our plans are really important to manage high water or floods. This is 
why we believe that it is essential that this fleet of hydropower plants is 
managed as one portfolio to manage the risk of floods....we have now published 
the numbers explaining how we are affected by the low water levels with our hydro 
fleet. We do, of course, expect this drought to continue into the third quarter and would 
then hope that towards the autumn, the hydrological conditions normalize once again.
Veolia Environnement: this semester has shed a light on the importance of 
water security. In the context of recurring heat waves, desalination units 
become geostrategic and data centers hitting wall of acceptability in arid 
regions.
...secure access to water supply which is as critical as oil if not more, as we see now very 
strikingly in the Middle East with desalination plants being targeted or even with data-
center permits being rejected in arid locations.
With regards to long-term Group's perspective, the Middle East conflict, recent free 
trade in Europe and droughts have highlighted water security was absolutely key and 
technology secured is precious.
When droughts hit, cities face water restriction, or industries realize the cost of having 
the water just for a few days or even when data-center phase being turned down their 
permit application, it is time to call Veolia for a solution.
With regards to AI industries, this is data centers and chips manufacturing, they are 
in high demand to secure steady water supply for cooling system ultra pure 
water and they use large amount of high quality solvents and acids. Data 
centers are starting to see resistance from local communities to be granted 
permits given the intensity of resource consumption.
We use recycled water technologies and heat recovery for instance. As explained in our 
April event in London, we already grew very quickly in those AI industries from EUR 150 
million in 2019 to EUR 560 million in 2025, and we're now targeting approximately EUR 
1 billion by 2030. In H1, we secured multiple commercial successes by leveraging our 
new offering and technological capabilities, resulting in new contract wins in data 
centers and micro-e such as our recent contract with AWS in Mississippi, the one we just 
announced today in Ohio, and the more than $200 million ultra pure contract, or large 
micro-e with US key players in the water tech.
[on heat waves, droughts]...But the mid-long term one is because it supports the need 
for a water reuse project, for desalination unit, at times for AI to detect leakage and all 
that. So we have incoming calls following heat waves or for even district cooling 
which we've developed in cycle, for instance.


[Page 52]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 52
Vistra Corp: Within the geographies we serve, we are observing a structurally improved 
demand environment with both PJM and ERCOT hitting new all-time summer peak 
loads in July.
We believe annual load growth of at least 4% to 6% in ERCOT and 2% to 3% in PJM 
through 2030 remain reasonable estimates for these markets. In July, we've also seen 
new all-time peaks in load in both PJM and ERCOT, with PJM hitting over 168 
gigawatts and ERCOT hitting over 91 gigawatts. While data centers will be an 
important driver of load, particularly in 2028 and beyond, we believe a 
significant component of this growth is from sources other than data centers. 
This includes industrial reshoring, increasing electrification, population growth, 
particularly in Texas, and broader economic expansion.


[Page 53]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 53
Other
Adecoagro: ...because of El Niño, we are also seeing a recovery on the price of 
rice...So, in general, El Niño, for us, is a positive scenario. On top of that, the needs of 
urea are higher in the whole agriculture of Argentina because of more rains. So, usually, 
the consumption of urea in the whole country is higher because of El Niño projection.
APR Co Ltd: And there is an increase in sales in Europe. And to respond to this demand, 
majority of the shipments are made through airfreight. And major reason is that there 
are disruptions in ocean freight. So, we're looking for alternative sea routes, but 
nevertheless, to provide stock to Europe, we will have to continue to utilize airfreight.
And for the European market, the Suez Canal. Because the Suez Canal is also blocked, 
now it is taking double the time over the ocean to reach Europe. 
First of all, about the airfreight, then yes, compared to last year, we would say that it is 
about 10 times higher this year. And this time, it's not the cost recognition, but then 
just in terms of the Q2, airfreight actual than it is close to KRW 30 billion, which is highly 
abnormal and that is why we call this onetime cost or one-off cost.
Archer Daniels Midland: In CARB Solutions, ethanol production rose in a strong 
margin environment, and we sequestered 337,000 metric tons of carbon this quarter.
...weather across the world is threatening some crops.
Autoneum: ...capital expenditure was higher year-on-year, mainly due to the 
investments related into recovery at our A Rúa plant in Spain, following a wildfire last 
August that led to extensive property damage.
Barratt Redrow: In terms of heat wave, I mean, clearly it presents challenges for 
our build teams, but I think we have very clear protocols in place. And I think also, to 
some extent, our build schedule and because of our financial year end in June, I think 
that it's not been any challenge for us.
Bayer: For Crop Science, we continue to monitor geopolitical and weather-related 
developments including potential El Nino impacts. Weather volatility could affect 
planting and yields in some regions.
Burlington Stores: Over the last few years, the rising cost of living has made life 
difficult for many moderate and low income families. 
And all the commentary that we see and hear right now suggests that shoppers are 
under a lot of pressure.
Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan: As a new product, we will launch Georgia Café Water, a 
coffee taste drink with our coffee beans in September. Designed to address future coffee 
supply risk caused by climate change. This project leverages Coca-Cola's proprietary 
technology to minimize bitterness and astringency making it easy to drink in large cups 
gulps while still offering the aroma and flavor characteristics of coffee, which will be a 
new value proposition.
d'Alba Global: ... this oil situation also has caused the inventory shortage for 
polypropylene-based sunscreen tubes, which limited our ability to optimally respond to 
fast-growing sunscreens for Korea, Japan and Russia.
De'Longhi SpA: Comfort achieving strong double-digit growth, bolstered by high 
seasonal temperatures across continental Europe. 
I have to say that the very high temperatures in Europe have probably shifted some of 
the purchases from certain traditional kitchen appliances into comfort for a few weeks, 
really, the heat has been so strong.
About air conditioning, I would say that Europe is stock out and we cannot expect 
further benefits in July. 
FUJIFILM: Global demand for data-center capacity remains extremely strong. Against 
that backdrop, data tape is gaining increasing attention as a highly secure solution for 
long-term data archiving. Part of the demand reflects the current tight supply of memory 
chips, but the more structural driver is that customers no longer want to rely solely on 
semiconductor memory or disk-based storage for archiving. They are increasingly 


[Page 54]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 54
adopting data tape because it offers higher security and significantly better energy 
efficiency.
Gap Inc: On a unit basis, inventory was up 4%, reflecting higher in-transit inventory 
largely tied to geopolitical disruptions.
Godrej Consumer Products: We remain mindful that El Niño conditions can 
heighten weather volatility across our key markets, with the potential to 
disrupt agricultural output and rural demand.
...there are positives and negatives to El Niño. Firstly, in Indonesia, we expect a strong 
positive on Household Insecticide. In India, probably quarter two – quarter one was 
already – June was terrible for Household Insecticide...Household Insecticide, if you have 
a drier monsoon will get affected. But it's likely also to be a warmer winter, which will 
positively affect HI. 
We experienced significant input cost inflation and instability with LPG prices going up 
3x and similar increases in other costs. This especially impacted India, where the cost 
impact was close to 6% on the business. Despite this, we delivered a double-digit 
EBITDA growth. While prices have cooled off from the highs, going ahead, we anticipate 
volatility to remain, with both crude and palm being unstable and El Niño impacting 
demand across a few categories.
Greggs: The interesting thing is how they perform in the heatwave though is very 
different. So I mean, it's kind of logical, but those walk-in locations are much more 
affected by the heatwave and particularly later in the day, the breakfast period tends to 
be quite robust as that temperature builds later in the day. If you were out in the heat, 
you are much more affected. If you're in an air conditioned shopping center or office 
area or indeed a drive-through where you're in your own car, actually demand holds up 
much, much better.
Hanon Sytems: The electrification business represented 31% of total revenue, 
supported by increased supply to European customers. Leveraging a diversified product 
portfolio covering internal combustion engine vehicles, hybrids, and battery electric 
vehicles, Hanon Systems continues to respond effectively to changing market conditions 
and evolving global demand for electrified mobility solutions.
Helen of Troy: ...the Canada wildfires have been a benefit to our filtration 
business...And then, the heat waves that have kind of...been across the United States 
for almost the whole summer, it feels like very beneficial to our fan business as well. 
HelloFresh: Given the heaviest winter storms in 75 years, Europe had its own run of 
severe weather, and the war in Iran pushed fuel surcharges and fertilizer prices up across 
our supply chain. Spending aggressively into that kind of cost uncertainty means buying 
customers at a price we can't properly underwrite.
Inficon Holding: ...new HVAC, next to the general HVAC and heat pump development, 
there is also a data center driver establishing. And not to forget, the new refrigerant 
regulations due to climate change, this is also a continuous driver for the sector.
Ingredion: ...Inflation remained a key area of focus, with weather-related risks, 
including the potential emergence of El Niño conditions, warranting close monitoring.
...due to the dry conditions in Thailand, we have seen really record tapioca 
prices.
JM Smucker: We are actively managing and monitoring the impacts, the potential 
impact of the El Niño, particularly within our green coffee commodity.
Kagome: While it remains to be seen whether this is due to the super El Niño or climate 
change, in that sense, natural phenomena for agriculture or climate change is, to some 
extent, an inevitable part of the business. I believe that our ability to effectively diversify 
against these risks is a key strength of our global operations.
Lindt & Sprüngli: We can see it now with certain food ingredients, for example, in next 
years, also driven by El Niño. If it happens, especially if it's strong El Niño, we will see 
a lot of food inflation outside of cocoa.


[Page 55]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 55
The Cocoa Futures market has been highly volatile, with a sharp decline earlier in the 
year, followed by a strong rebound in recent weeks. This recent increase is largely driven 
by weather-related concerns, particularly the potential impact of El Niño and ongoing 
uncertainty around crop developments in key producing regions such as West Africa.
Magazine Luiza: And again, for the upcoming months, we're very confident because 
we should go back to growing online with our partner platforms and we will have El 
Nino this year. The warm weather makes a big difference for us because that line 
of air conditioning really moves the needle, also refrigeration. And when the 
weather is warmer, this helps us. 
Mahindra & Mahindra: The third is the deficit in rainfall was really bad as we were into 
June. It's come down significantly from then to what is now at a 15% deficit. 
Reservoir levels are 7% below LPA, but have recovered from where they were...Kharif 
sowing has accelerated significantly after the rains have started over the last three, four 
weeks. And at the moment, the shortfall over last year is a little over 4%, which is not 
too bad for this time of the year...So overall, we see many factors beyond the negatives 
that we may be hearing about El Niño, which makes us believe that the sentiment on the 
ground or the reality on the ground right now is not as bad. 
Minerva: There will be El Niño. You know how that affects droughts in Australia. There 
may be a cattle – because of the weather or decrease in production. So on average, we 
believe 2027 will be very close to 2026. But given weather conditions and the livestock 
cycle, which differs from region to region, supply of beef may be even more restricted 
and benefit South America.
Mondelez: ...the current reaction in the market price of cocoa is due to three elements. 
It is the pop counts that is a little bit below the average. But quite frankly, that is driven 
by what happened to the mid-crop that was exceptionally good. There is a short 
squeeze, so specs covering their positions, and that drove, again, support to the price, 
and clearly, El Niño.
So even acknowledging the uncertainty around cocoa for 2027, pop counts El Niño, et 
cetera, I think the structural position in cocoa is much better than 2024. 
In Europe, results were generally in line with our expectations, as volume and share 
showed signs of improvement but are still impacted by some elasticities and an 
unprecedented heat wave.
Volume/mix declined 1.6%, primarily due to the heatwave impact in Europe along with 
select product downsizing actions and timing of Easter shipments.
Panasonic Holdings: For cell production, we are converting our production lines in 
Japan from automotive application and also plan to start the mass production of cells at 
the Kansas factory in fiscal 2029. 
Pilgrim's Pride Corp: We're also seeing a little bit of a warm weather which typically 
impact the growth of the birds, especially now in July, August. 
Raízen: On the weather front, the stronger effects of El Niño brought above-average 
rainfall for this time of year, which had a direct impact on this quarter's crushing 
due to the disruptions to harvesting operations. 
Renault: Together EV full hybrid E-Tech electrified vehicles represent two-third of 
Renault brand sales in Europe...
Samsung Electronics: On the environmental front, we continued to secure 
renewable energy by signing several key PPAs for major global sites.
...with the surge in AI tokens expected to drive exponential demand over the mid to long 
term, customers who want to secure substantial AI service infrastructure are increasingly 
approaching us for multiyear supply. 
Samsung SDI: First, in the ESF market, in the US, driven by the expansion of renewable 
energy and increasing investment in AI data centers, demand for utility, ESF and UPS is 
showing sharp growth.
In the US renewable power generation, particularly solar and wind, continues to 
expand amid rising electricity demand and improving economy. And this is 


[Page 56]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 56
driving steady growth in ESF demand to manage interest intermittency and 
support grid stability.
Beyond renewable energy application, ESS is increasingly being used as critical 
infrastructure to stabilize easing power grids and facilitate smooth grid 
interconnection. 
Driven by the expansion of AI data centers we expect battery sales from both UPS and 
BBU applications to grow by more than 70% Y-o-Y this year, because UPS and BBU 
batteries serve as backup power sources for data centers.
EV sales in Europe are growing rapidly year-over-year supported by reinstatement of 
subsidies in major market, persistently high oil prices and new platform launches by 
leading OEMs. EV penetration is expected to rise from below 20% last year to mid-20% 
range this year and high 30% range by 2030. Accordingly, EV battery demand is 
projected to grow at a CAGR of around 15% through 2030. On the order front, the key 
trends are emerging among European OEM. First, as we develop next generation 
platforms, they increasing its favor prismatic batteries for their structural safety and 
suitability for larger, higher capacity cell and sales subpack technology. Second, growing 
demand for locally produced batteries in Europe is creating more opportunities for it. 
Sao Martinho: ...if El Niño remains very strong, my cost for TRS will be higher. 
 I think speaking about the mix, it has more to do with the fact that if the mills can 
produce more sugar than ethanol, the volume of sugarcane is higher today than what 
the mills can produce. And there is also the issue of availability of crushing days. What 
will happen from now on is, okay, it's dry, can you crush? Then the mill will try to process 
as much sugarcane as possible and it will produce as much as they can. So I will say that 
with the current TRS we cannot have a max of sugar mix because TRS is very low. 
Therefore efficiency levels are much lower. But of course that if the premium is 25% for 
sugar and with the current volume of ethanol in stock and prices where they stand, I 
mean, whoever can do more will do more. But the question is, is it possible? I think from 
what we are seeing, it's not possible. They won't be able to produce a lot more sugar. It 
will – the level will be much lower than the initial estimates, about 2 million below the 
current estimates. But we still have some time ahead of us. But if we look at the 
estimates of a super El Niño and a lot of rainfall and if this is confirmed, just 
forget about it, we won't have all that sugar. 
I have a lower TRS and I also have more inefficiencies because of the stop and go of 
stop and go due to climate issues, something that is out of my control since I cannot 
control and I don't know how this will continue going forward, it's very difficult for me 
to say whether this will go to five or three in terms of cost reductions.
SLC Agricola: ...this year, we have the forecast of very strong El Niño. And this, of 
course, causes a concentration of rainfall in the south of Brazil and more droughts in the 
central north. 
Also, the planting window requires adjustment. So in Bahia, we plant cotton in 
December. This year, we have to plant sooner because if there is a shortage of rainfall, 
the crop will have developed enough to avoid greater damage. So, we'll adjust the 
planting windows. Also to mitigate the effect of an Indian summer in the middle of the 
cycle that could lead to crop failure.
So, polyester is the top competitor for cotton. And the fiber that grows the most in the 
world is polyester because it's cheaper. So, the fact that polyester has appreciated is 
something that supports cotton prices. So, this is a very important driver. With 
the conflict, cotton is favored. And then, we have the market. In United States, the crop 
is smaller, in India as well. In Australia, they don't want to plant it anymore 
because there is no water. So, the El Niño is actually positive for us. Australia had 
planted 650,000 hectares of cotton. And now in March and April, they harvested 
470,000 hectares of (00:42:36). And next cycle, they will probably reduce this to 
325,000 hectares because only if their reservoirs are full, they will plant cotton. This is 
what we saw in April in Australia. This is the consequence of El Niño. El Niño is driving a 
reduction of area in Australia. So therefore, this is a scenario in which we – well, 
production of cotton is not meeting the demand. 
SoftBank Group: In United States, if we try to address the data center project or if we 
try to do in Japan, because data centers consume a huge volume of power. So, you also 
need to build power generation plant at the same time, which means you need double 
the size of CapEx. But in France, compared to the rest of the world, they have a 
very unique advantage, which is that they are actually the exporting country of 
the power, so that they have actually – they can provide the power to the data 
center use without causing any impact to the French citizens.
See France's low-carbon electricity 
surplus: a strategic asset?


[Page 57]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 57
Tata Consumer Products: ...in terms of El Niño, I think we did see the effect in terms of 
a delayed monsoon and then very erratic monsoon...If the single biggest impact of El 
Niño would be on tea, if it happens, and if it happens, prices go up, we will take up 
pricing to maintain margins. 
Tripadvisor: During the first half of 2026, specifically beginning in late February and 
throughout March, the conflict in the Middle East, severe flooding in Hawaii and civil 
unrest in Mexico, two key destination markets, as well as weather-related events and 
travel conditions throughout May and June within Europe and the U.S., had an 
adverse impact on our Experiences business. 
TUI AG: ...also surprised me because the weather, with the heat wave now lasting for 
two months, was not what I had expected. So, that is a good development.
UACJ: The second issue is electricity. In the US, there is a shortage of electricity for 
everything, and the Japanese government's ¥80 trillion funding is reported to be used to 
build two or three power plants. However, even if they spend that much money to build 
power plants, data centers will probably take up most of that electricity. So 1 gigawatt-
level power supply will be needed. You need more than 1 gigawatt to run a smelter, but 
there are technical and fundamental challenges in managing the electricity. 
Varun Beverages: As an industry base and we are seeing good growth in terms of 
where we are apart from April, where the El Nino effect was there heavily. 
Now, if you see 2025, 2026 this year as well, because of El Niño effect, May is not 
contributing 15%.
Wesfarmers: In chemicals, earnings decreased on the prior year due to the rapid rise in 
ammonia index pricing following escalation of the Middle East conflict. Given the price 
lag in sales contracts, this significantly impacted earnings in the second half but will 
provide a benefit as index prices normalize into the 2027 financial year.


[Page 58]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 58
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Insurance
We have been watching the juxtaposition of climate and insurance closely, and are 
particularly interested in 2nd or 3rd order impacts (eg, mortgage implications, 
policy price inflation, etc). See our 2026 Outlook.
Admiral Group: In 2026, we continue to grow in EV through competitiveness. We're 
top on price comparison twice as often for EV as we are overall, and through strong 
proposition that includes new initiatives such as the Zoom EV benefit that helps 
customers with charging costs at home and away. 
...similar to last year, the hot weather is leading to an increased subsidence risk.
Aflac Inc: The Japanese and US insurance markets are two of the best insurance 
markets in the world. Both share characteristics that make them well suited to the 
products we offer. Across Japan and the United States, consumers are feeling the strain 
of increasing out-of-pocket medical expenses. That's exactly where our products can 
help.
Allianz SE: So wildfires was - let me start with that, so there are very significant 
protection gaps... The biggest protection gap, however, is the lack of resilience in 
public infrastructure and preparedness for these wildfires...I start with the fact 
that the firefighting airplanes that were dispatched are probably less than 20% of the 
required capacity.
In my best estimate, you will particularly see in the third quarter quite an industry loss on 
all the various components of whether it's fires or storms. And that's what we are here 
for.
I would like to turn your attention to a really good publication from Allianz Economic 
Research, who have been looking at the effect of rising heat on economic growth. And 
the case study, the first one we did three years ago on the heat waves in China, and it 
cost them quite a bit of GDP just because people couldn't work in non-air conditioned 
factories. 
When you are outside at 40, then being at 35 inside is not really helpful. So the 
thing -- the infrastructure investments we need to do on a societal level to deal 
with heat in order to make sure productivity doesn't drop will be enormous.
We have seen quite a lot of secondary activities across Europe with wildfires but also hail 
as an example across Germany and Italy.
American International Group:  We are focused on growing attractive areas of our 
portfolio by bringing together AIG's global underwriting, claims and risk expertise to 
help clients and partners better understand the risks they face and deliver more 
comprehensive solutions that support their evolving needs. Let's take data centers as an 
example. These are end-to-end multi-line projects for global AI hyperscalers that require 
financing, construction, marine, cyber, energy, operational, multinational programs and 
bespoke risk solutions. 
In Global Specialty, we are closely watching the energy and aviation markets, where we 
are seeing pricing that we believe do not fully reflect heightened exposure in 
the Middle East conflict and recent large industry losses.
... political violence and terrorism rates increased in the second quarter, driven by the 
elevated risk exposure associated with the broader conflict. For example, our political 
violence pricing increased 9% in the second quarter compared to a decrease of 8% in 
the first quarter. We are also seeing broader demand for these products as clients 
sharpen their focus on risk mitigation and protection.
Aon PLC: The environment facing our clients continues to evolve rapidly. Geopolitical 
uncertainty remains elevated, economic growth remains uneven, cyber threats continue 
to increase in frequency and sophistication. Climate-related risks continue to 
challenge traditional underwriting and capital allocation models. At the same 
time, organizations are adapting to profound workforce changes. The common thread 
across these developments is increasing complexity. As complexity rises, 
decision making becomes more difficult and the cost of being wrong is more 
consequential. Clients are seeking greater clarity around risk exposure, capital 
allocation and workforce strategy. They need integrated solutions and trusted partners 
who can help them navigate uncertainty rather than simply react to it.


[Page 59]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 59
Arch Capital Group: I think the industry in general is still around $3 billion for the 
Middle East war losses.
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co: AI-related infrastructure, including data centers, difficult 
liability risks and other emerging specialty exposures, often do not fit neatly in 
admitted markets. That creates a multi-year opportunity for our wholesale teams 
because clients and carriers need expertise, structure and speed as well as market 
access.
Aviva: Now, while first half weather experience was favorable, you'll have seen in the 
news since the end of June, there have been a number of weather events across 
Canada. And although it's still early days, we now expect to be above our weather 
budget for the quarter. 
AXA: France, in general, has a higher cat load than the average of the group at 5% 
versus 4.54% for the group average but for the first half, they were at 5.6%. And that, 
obviously, does not take into account the recent wildfires for which we have no 
estimate at this stage
BB Seguridade Participacoes SA: Now, crop insurance…so insurance companies 
are more sensitive to La Niña than El Niño. This is where we have the greatest 
uncertainty. And if we are coming from three very favorable climate cycles, this is not 
usual considering current levels. We are at historical lows in terms of loss ratio in crop 
insurance.
For 2026, in terms of El Niño, we don't really see much of an impact this year. We see the 
risk is covered. The first crop has been harvested, corn. So, it's really almost fully 
harvested. Now, depending on the severity of the impact and how it may affect the 
replanting of the soy. So, we should look at the rainfalls, especially during planting, 
September and November this year. So, the amount of rainfall and too much rainfall may 
delay the planting of soybean and may affect the crop next year. And then if planting 
soybean is delayed and then the harvesting of soybean is further ahead, thereby 
compressing the planting and the interim crop. So it's going to be later, the off season 
crop with incidents of frosts and they have potential impact in the loss ratio in the 
second and third quarters of 2027. It's not certain. So this year for 2026, a very limited 
effect and for 2027, in the second crop. So potentially and we need to observe the level 
of rainfall between September and November this year.
China Pacific Insurance: For auto insurance, new energy vehicle insurance supported 
our premium growth.
I believe the biggest challenge for P&C company is climate. Climate change, 
uncertainty of climate risk. For example, El Niño effect. 
By leveraging our own risk radar, in the first half of this year, we have served more than 
100,000 customers in terms of offering them anti-flood services. We better reduced this 
kind of flood risk and offset this kind of impact from extreme weather events.
Credit Agricole: wildfires...in terms of impact, probably the impact is going to be lower 
than that of the storms impact in the first quarter, but that's a direct impact. There is 
going to be an indirect impact, nevertheless, with the impact on the macro 
economy, which will probably hit more the regional bank in that area...
Credicorp: Peru's economy remained resilient in the second quarter of the year, with 
GDP estimated to have grown by around 3% year-over-year. Robust domestic demand, 
supported by historically high terms of trade, employment gains and ongoing business 
cycle momentum helped offset a sharp contraction in primary activities.  Primary GDP is 
estimated to have fallen by nearly 5% year-over-year, marking its steepest decline since 
2014 excluding the pandemic as El Niño-related disruptions weighted on fishing, 
agriculture, and primary manufacturing.
Definity Financial Corp: I'll keep really my comments to Q2 specifically around the CAT 
activity countrywide. And it was more of a flooding event across the board than it really 
was a wildfire event. As you've pointed out, the wildfires, although many of them, were 
more in the northerly areas and less populated areas. So from an insurance perspective, 
they have been less impactful.


[Page 60]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 60
Everest Group: Our strategy of building deep underwriting capabilities in specific 
segments allows us to capture emerging opportunities like data centers, as well as new 
markets within construction and renewable energy.
Grupo Cibest: ...the risk of a severe El Niño event poses additional upside pressures on 
energy and food prices as well as on inflation expectations.
Hannover Rueck: ...risks are increasing, driven by rising insured values, by 
climate change and by geopolitical uncertainty. And this clearly highlights the 
need for protection, and reinsurance protection can only be offered at a price 
that adequately reflects the risks.
And when it comes to the European heat wave question, I mean, outside the direct 
impact from the fire for the physical damage that is caused by the fire, we are expecting 
a relatively limited, direct impact from the losses at this stage....when it comes to 
agriculture, yes, we do expect some losses coming out of the heat wave.
HDB Financial Services: Supply-chain challenges that might arise from the ongoing 
West Asia conflict and El Nino-related risks remain a key monitorable. 
HDFC Life Insurance: El Niño also remains a factor we are tracking, though we do not 
see this as a broad-based risk at this stage. 
Hiscox: In London Market, we are continuing to grow our established digital auto 
underwriting capability through FloodPlus, complementing it further with a new 
product we call SURF, targeted at larger and more complex US flood risks.
ICICI Lombard General Insurance: ...the impact of El Niño conditions on the monsoon 
and continuing geopolitical tensions are a risk, which may influence growth 
momentum. 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance: Inflation remained a key area of focus, with 
weather-related risks, including the potential emergence of El Niño conditions, 
warranting close monitoring. 
Insurance Australia Group: Property, we continue to see property inflationary 
challenges and that's not really driven by the industry, it's driven by the challenges of 
our country on repair costs, access to labor, building materials. So there's just 
inflationary pressure in the system. That's right. We definitely have greater incidents 
of water damage. And then the standard to which we were repairing some of that, 
particularly anything to do with mold, has increased. And that's not just an IAG 
comment, that's an industry comment. So… just generally, we're going to see – we're 
seeing more perils and more events.
Intact Financial: The combined ratio of 103% included 22 points of CAT losses in the 
quarter. This is a reminder of the impact on industry profitability from severe weather 
events.
IRB Brasil Resseguros: Now, as for El Niño, meteorological institutes are pointing to a 
high probability of high intensity events occurring in the next few months. If this is 
confirmed, we expect to see an increase in rainfall in the south and part of the 
southeast, whereas the north and northeast should record low – historical, low levels of 
rainfall.
Lancashire Holdings: A number of specialty insurance classes, we've seen increased 
demand for cover and significantly higher pricing for war-related exposures, 
resulting in some additional premium opportunities. 
Mapfre: El Niño could change a bit what's going to happen with prices in the second 
part of the year.
What we know so far is that El Niño has a high probability of having a high impact.
 Parts of, in the case of Brazil, could suffer more from floods or raining, and other parts of 
Brazil with drought. The overall effect is quite difficult to measure.


[Page 61]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 61
Marsh: We're building new capabilities and adding client-facing talent in sectors where 
we see meaningful growth opportunity. One example is our work with energy clients in 
the digital infrastructure ecosystem where we are creating multibillion-dollar insurance 
solutions for counterparty credit exposures. These programs integrate traditional 
insurance and reinsurance sidecars backed by third-party capital which we source for the 
client. 
Munich Re: We enlarged and enhanced our model capabilities, for example, 
introduced wildfire models. It is also just one example. For example, for the United 
States, where wildfires were much more imminent already a number of years ago 
compared to the European situation. I think this will continue. Proper risk management 
is something which does not only affect the insurers, but obviously also the insurance 
industry overall and also reinsurers. We look into these kind of things, adapt our models. 
Yes, we will of course, have to reflect all that in our business adequately.
There are new risks, which are not to a large extent insured at this point in time. 
I think the most famous one is still cyber. You can think about AI, you can think 
about data centers. I mean, there's just a lot of risk, which needs cover and requires 
cover going forward. Climate change is clearly increasing the expected claims. We 
see a long-term trend, which will not stop. There's plenty of reasons why the demand 
will go up.
...heatwaves. You read it in the papers every day nowadays. There is also clear scientific 
evidence that the amount of heat we are experiencing in many regions of the world 
right now is affecting mortality rates, and is particularly difficult for people who have to 
deal with certain conditions.
Regarding the wildfires, very unfortunately at the moment in Europe, you almost have to 
be more specific because there are so many different wildfires that seem to be burning. 
If I address the major wildfires in France and Spain that have been in the news 
so much recently I'm sorry to say that at this point, I cannot give you a range 
yet.
I think I would like to answer your question on the insurance gap a bit more general than 
just related to the latest events, because as a society, I think we always fall into the trap 
that after a big event, be it a wildfire, be it a flood, be it whatever it is at the particular 
moment we are discussing these things, that we discuss that from a very specific angle 
While the issue in itself is a much wider issue, given that with climate change 
and with the increase of natural catastrophes in other regions of the world 
where they didn't happen so often in the past. We indeed, as a society, will have 
to deal with potential insurance gaps, and really think about how we can 
address them.
[in answer to a question on drought, heat...] ...the trends we see, the increasing losses, 
the increasing effects from climate change, increasing losses in perils which have not 
been so much under consideration or on everybody's mind in the past, what are the 
impact of these kind of events? Wildfires might be one of those, but there are 
other things happening more often as well. If you think about very local storms, 
hail is something which has also gotten more frequent in recent years... All 
these are effects of the atmosphere heating up. We have higher temperatures, and 
the statistics and the scientific evidence is very clear that over the last decades, the 
atmosphere has been heating up more and more. If there is more energy, obviously this 
energy can erupt in various ways and you end up with having losses from that. You have 
a heatwave, or you have these thunderstorms, you have tornadoes. Many of these 
things, traditionally, we as an insurance industry would have called secondary perils. 
That led to the fact that, of course, we had to think about how to deal with them. We 
enlarged and enhanced our model capabilities...
There's obviously a broader societal issue that we are seeing, hotter weather 
and wildfire risk going up. And it's very important that the insurance industry 
plays its role in mitigating that, both primary and reinsurance and we 
absolutely stand ready to do so.
Pelagos Insurance Capital: Marine political risk and political violence all saw increased 
demand because of elevated geopolitical uncertainty during the quarter, particularly 
across the Middle East, where disruption to trade flows and heightened conflict-related 
risks resulted in strong demand and favorable pricing.
Ping An Insurance: More interestingly, if we look at the car owner of NEV, the average 
age of NEV car owner is generally 2.5 years younger than the total, which 
means by way of differentiation, by innovative product and service were able 
to acquire more young customer, achieving top of mind among young audience, 


[Page 62]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 62
which is great to improve the customer potential.
Principal Financial Group: ...our focus in the AI data center space is pretty much as a 
real estate equity investor. We don't generally tend to participate on the private credit 
side of that equation where there has been recently more concern on the size of deals 
that has been done and the risk involved there. My view of this is that even on the real 
estate equity side, on the data center side, it is becoming more nuanced. One of the key 
things is the business has moved away from being less about technology and more 
about being real estate. You have heard noise around the challenges of acquiring 
properties, getting power access, the challenges of working through the regulatory 
environment. 
Progressive Corp : ...we reduced high weather risk state total insured value mix 
by 23%. We did this through a series of actions which included non-renewals in 
Florida focused on high-risk coastal properties and properties not compliant with 
recommended building codes, deliberate growth management in states with high 
severe convective storm and wildfire risk, and growing faster in lower weather risk 
markets.
QBE Insurance Group: We're pleased with the underwriting result, demonstrating 
resilience in what was another heavy CAT half with significant bushfires in January and 
numerous storm and flooding events.
RenaissanceRe: There has been much discussion regarding to what extent potentially 
historic El Niño may influence the hurricane season. This is not how we think about 
underwriting risk, however. We have built a portfolio to perform across a range of 
outcomes rather than one that depends on a benign season.
The war has returned to an active phase, with attacks on shipping and infrastructure in 
the region. We are aware of assets that have been impacted and believe any impact 
would be covered in our current reserves, but we'll continue to monitor the situation 
closely, as facts on the ground could change rapidly.
Willis Towers Watson: We're also seeing strong momentum in two high growth 
sectors, digital infrastructure, and power and renewable energy, where our recent 
investments and specialized talent and placement capacity are converting directly into 
wins. In power and renewables, we were appointed to build a multi-asset global 
insurance program for a major infrastructure investor, developing a worldwide 
renewable energy portfolio.
WR Berkley: I think we're going through a period of time where mother nature is lulling 
the property market into a false sense of comfort. And this will go on perhaps for some 
period of time, and then once again the industry will learn the hard way.


[Page 63]
Global Sustainability 8 September 2026
ab 63
Valuation Method and Risk Statement
The immediate risk in relation to the subject matter covered by UBS's Global Sustainability 
Team arises from a lack of definition in the field, reflected in the many names and acronyms in 
use by practitioners: sustainability; responsible investment (RI); socially responsible investment 
(SRI); ESG (environmental, social and governance) investment; ethical investing, impact 
investing, etc. The field covers a vast range of potential issues and, over time, their 
importance fluctuates. At the time of writing, we believe the issues raised in this research to 
be relevant to investors, but this may change. Additionally, this research should not be read as 
a complete or definitive account of all relevant issues for firms. Although we attempt to 
address all significant or nascent issues, these may not always be apparent, and these may 
change over time.
