[Page 1]
ab
2 September 2026
Global Research
Powered by
UBS Evidence Lab
YES
Global Sustainability
 ESG news & views, Vol. 62, September 2026
News & Views (continued on P4)
China Green Export Monthly: July edition

China's New Three exports (EV, solar, battery) hit another record high at US
$21.8bn in July (+48% YoY/+5% MoM), led by continued strength in batteries 
(+31% YoY/8% MoM) and EVs (+96% YoY/ 7% MoM), while solar exports 
declined (-4% YoY/14% MoM).

Europe strengthened its position as China's largest New Three export 
market, with exports reaching a record US$9.5bn (+61% YoY/+5% MoM), 
equivalent to 44% of the total, the highest mix since 3Q23.

Oceania's recent EV export surge is starting to normalise. Exports reached 
US$1.0bn in July (+159% YoY/-1% MoM), broadly flat since May, and accounted 
for 11% of China's total EV exports.

Electrical equipment exports also reached a record high at US$14.3bn 
(+31% YoY/ flat MoM), reinforcing our view that global grid investment and 
electrification remain structural tailwinds for Chinese equipment suppliers.

We remain positive on China's electrical equipment export outlook despite 
tighter US restrictions, recent derating could create an attractive 
opportunity. The US accounts for only c.9% of China's export in our dataset.
Korea Plants"7 SEED" of Energy Security

Korea launched "7 SEED" programme (Strategic Emerging Engines for Disruptive 
innovation) covering small modular reactors (SMR), fusion, next-gen renewables, 
critical minerals, quantum, aerospace and advanced bio, as future growth engines.

Energy: targets include SMR commercialisation and fusion reactor construction 
by 2035, >35% efficiency pero  vskite tandem solar cells, 20MW+ offshore 
wind turbines and 50-100MW electrolyser demonstration.

Critical minerals: targets include 20% recycling of 10 minerals (battery 
materials & rare earths) by 2030, expands strategic stockpiles from 24 to 29 
items and raises max. inventories to 365 days.

APAC energy policy is increasingly converging with industrial policy as 
China, Japan, Korea, Australia prioritise energy security, domestic technology and 
supply chain reliance alongside decarbonisation.

We see positive read-through for nuclear/SMR equipment, offshore wind, 
critical-material recycling and power-equipment supply chains, although many of 
the SEED targets remain pre-commercial and earnings impact is likely gradual.
We think the significance extends beyond Korea. Industrial competitiveness and energy 
security are becoming more prominent within APAC transition policy. In our recent 
China policy work, we argued that the key goal in the 15FYP is to build a secure, reliable 
and technologically self-sufficient energy system. Japan is moving in a similar direction, 
its Seventh Strategic Energy Plan aims to achieve stable energy supply, economic growth 
and decarbonisation, while supporting domestic next-generation energy technologies. 
Korea’s 7 SEED programme adds another data point to this regional shift; governments 
are increasingly treating clean energy, critical materials and advanced technologies as 
strategic industries that determine future competitiveness. From an investment 
This report has been prepared by UBS Securities Pte. Ltd. (Reg. No. 198500648C) ANALYST CERTIFICATION AND REQUIRED 
DISCLOSURES, including information on the Quantitative Research Review published by UBS, begin on page 
44.  
Equities
Global
Global Sustainability
Victoria Kalb
Analyst
vicki.kalb@ubs.com
+65-6495 4584
Alisa Dudchak
Analyst
alisa.dudchak@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 0844
Thi
s is an ImageM


[Page 2]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 2
perspective, we think greater attention should be paid to which technologies and supply 
chains governments want to own domestically.
EU storage risks keep building (Nayoung Kim)
European gas dipped into the low €60s yesterday before rebounding to the mid-€60s. 
Hormuz headlines keep driving volatility, but the physical balance should provide a floor. 
Oil is pricing the prospect of supply normalisation, while LNG downside may be harder 
to sustain without stronger Qatari flows and faster EU injections. The JKM–TTF spread 
narrows to $0.5, drawing flexible cargoes towards Europe, although elevated prices 
have yet to fully deter Asian buyers. Europe has only two months of the typical injection 
season left, with storage at 63% vs. the 80% seasonal average. The current curve and 
latest tanker flows point to limited near-term improvement, raising the risk of forced 
storage buying ahead of winter. That should cap downside even if geopolitical risk 
fades. Qatari supply remains the immediate catalyst. Beyond that, low starting 
inventories leave the winter balance highly weather-sensitive.
Join our Events:

The Long View: Unpacking Australia’s Environmental Reforms. 3 
September. 11am HKT / 12pm JST / 2pm AEDT. Register here.

Fortescue CEO & CTO - Pioneering Electrification & Automation in the 
Mining industry, In Person. 8 September. London. Register here.

APAC ESG & Sustainability Monthly Call. 9 September. 7am UK / 8am CET / 
2pm HKT / 3pm JST / 5pm AEDT. Register here.

2026 Global Materials Conference. 9 – 10 September. New York. Register here.

UBS ESG Breakfast with ArcelorMittal. 10 September. London. Register here. 

Monetizing China's Climate Champions Dinner. 10 September. Hong Kong. 
Register here.

Nuclear Energy: Corporate access event (RR SMR, Centrica, Kazatomprom, 
Cameco, Energy Fuels, OKLO, Urenco). 11 September. London. Register here.

Leigha Miyata (Japan ESG) Marketing, In Person.14 – 17 September. 
Singapore, Hong Kong. Register here. 

Charles Fruitiere (EMEA Head, ESG), In Person. 15 – 16 September: Paris, 
Frankfurt. 22 – 23 September: Geneva, Zurich. Register here. 

Victoria Kalb (Global Head, ESG) Marketing, In Person. 17 September: New 
York. 5 November: Kuala Lumpur. Register here.

ESG monthly call with Jon Windham. 17 September. 3pm UK / 4pm CET / 
10am ET. Register here.

UBS Back to school ESG breakfast. 21 September. London. Register here. 

Shneur Gershuni (AMER Head, ESG) Marketing, In Person. 23 September. 
Chicago. Register here.

The Long View: Talking sustainable steel with BioCarbon. 7 October. 12pm 
HKT / 1pm JST / 3pm AEDT. Register here.

Charles Fruitiere (EMEA Head, ESG) & Alisa Dudchak (Global & EMEA ESG) 
Marketing, In Person. 19 October. Milan. Register here. 

APAC ESG & Sustainability Monthly Call. 14 October. 10am HKT / 11am JST / 
1pm AEDT. Register here.

APAC ESG & Sustainability Monthly Call. 11 November. 10am HKT / 11am JST 
/ 1pm AEDT. Register here.

APAC ESG & Sustainability Monthly Call. 4 December. 10am HKT / 11am JST / 
1pm AEDT. Register here.


[Page 3]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 3
Contents
News & views . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
Earnings season highlights - latest quarter. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
Climate change. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Regulatory & policy developments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 30
EMEA Decarb Ideas list . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
Recent notes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
ESG in charts. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
Victoria Kalb
Analyst
vicki.kalb@ubs.com
+65-6495 4584
Alisa Dudchak
Analyst
alisa.dudchak@ubs.com
+44-20-7567 0844
Thi
s is an ImageM


[Page 4]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 4
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
News & views 
News: Press article refers to  hacking of a UK peaker plant. 
News: UBS Comment: On 26-Aug-2026, President Trump signed an Executive Order 
(EO) declaring a national emergency with respect to imported bulk-power systems. We 
translate “Bulk Power Systems” as generation equipment, high voltage transmission, 
larger transformers, utility-scale inverters and large substations. The EO directs the 
Secretary of Energy to establish rules, so TBD (120 days) on specific equipment covered 
and the timeline of implementation. The EO specifically says it does not apply to 
equipment used for local distribution of electric energy. This EO is best understood in the 
broader context: The U.S. government (under either party, in our view) is committed to 
reducing reliance on imported electric equipment hardware. The primary motivation, in 
our view, is national security, with the added benefit of U.S. factory investments and job 
creation. In the near-term, the equity market is likely to focus on the legal specifics of this 
EO. However, we highlight the likely cumulative impact of these policies on customer 
buying behavior: Buy American to derisk your project. North America Alternative 
Energy: Another "Buy American" Policy.
News: UBS Comment: On 26 August, President Trump signed an Executive Order 
declaring a national emergency with respect to imported bulk power systems...We think 
Korean grid equipment makers could benefit, as they are leading in US grid equipment 
capacity expansions. Our recent APAC Focus on Korea Electrical Equipment highlights 
that Hyosung Heavy and HD Hyundai Electric are expected to be no. 1 and 2 respectively 
in terms of US power transformer production capacities (current + planned). The Order 
could incentivize utility customers to more strongly favour US local production slots, and 
this could support strong new order bookings and pricing at Korean grid equipment 
makers, in our view. It is yet unclear whether Korean power transformer exports will be 
impacted by the Order, although we note that US still has high import reliance (e.g., 
c.80% of power transformers are imported) and the focus on national security grounds 
could imply less restrictive rules on American allies. Korea Electrical Equipment: A US 
Executive Order considers restriction on imported grid equipment.
News: UBS Comment: We see potential downside for Chinese power grid equipment 
names with potential US exposure, after the US announced a ban on Chinese-made grid 
equipment late Wednesday [26 August 2026]. The risk, in our view, sits more in 
valuation than in earnings: we estimate the earnings impact at around 5% or below, 
while we think the valuation impact could be larger, as the market has already priced in 
their US export potential. For Sieyuan, we estimate a 7-23% valuation downside, 
anchoring to its average PE from 2024 to 1H25 and to its lowest level since 2024 if the 
situation escalates. For Huaming, we see a smaller impact, as its multiple is relatively 
undemanding, with around 12% downside to its trough since 2024. The 
implementation of the executive order remains uncertain, but we believe near-term 
price movement may be largely sentiment driven. China Power Equipment: US grid 
equipment ban brings new uncertainties to the export story.
News: If enacted, California SB 492, as amended on August 28, would enhance the 
state's wildfire-liability framework by extending claims-paying capacity through 
securitization beyond the Wildfire Fund's current liquidity. We view the bill as a 
meaningful positive for utilities because it could establish a more durable mechanism to 
finance future wildfire liabilities. Additional provisions include expedited claims 
payments, executive compensation penalties for utility-caused fires, restrictions on claim 
transfers involving investors, and attorney-fee caps. We reiterate our Buy rating on PCG, 
with potential legislative approval by August 31 representing a near-term catalyst for a 
reduction in the stock's wildfire discount. If the bill does not pass, management 
indicated on the 2Q call that it would outline capital reallocation plans shortly after the 
legislative session ends. PG&E Corp: Wildfire Legislation Introduced Presenting Potential 
Catalyst.
News: "The Army[US] announced that the Janus Program selected five nuclear energy 
vendors and five initial locations to build and operate nuclear microreactors. In 
partnership with the War Department's Defense Innovation Unit, the Army is awarding 
up to $2.2 billion in total for these microreactors." See press release.


[Page 5]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 5
News: Press article refers to  data centre power growth leading to a discussion amongst 
policymakers around nuclear energy in Ireland. 
News: UBS Comment: We reiterate risks linked to chocolate consumption over the 
summer in 2026 amid the recent heatwave (details). We confirm our view it might 
impact Lindt`s group organic sales by c50bp in 2026E, something which could be 
relevant to reach its 2026E organic sales guidance of +4-6% y/y (UBSe +3.7%, cons. 
+4.0%). Recent Nielsen data confirm heatwave risks for Lindt we think (Lindt sales in 
Europe for the 4 weeks ending 12 July was down -9% y/y vs market of -3% y/y). Another 
illustration is the strong demand increase for ice cream. According to German statistic, 
ice cream demand was up +90% in the region (details) in the last week of June, 
something which we think is also a consumer rotation away from chocolate. Lindt & 
Sprüngli: A mixed picture near term- heat wave & German consumer risks but 2027E 
catalyst coming closer.
News: UBS Comment: Logistics issues and higher costs from low water levels in Europe 
raises the risk of a short-term price spike in the region, similar to what we saw in 2018. 
During 2018 we saw 1-2 months of Europe plastics prices move 10-15% above oil-
linked moves. In our view, with potential disrupted Europe supply, plus the Strait of 
Hormuz still closed, plus nearing US hurricane risk this could lead to greater demand/
restocking as customers return from vacation in September. There are offsetting factors, 
mainly end demand which remains tepid, but we think a shift in sentiment and pricing 
could be positive for petchem stocks over the next 1-2 months...Drought in Europe has 
reduced water levels on the Rhine and Danube to record lows, restricting barge traffic 
and creating logistical bottlenecks (Figure 1). Although conditions have improved in 
recent days, shipping restrictions remain in place. The most immediate and direct 
impact is increased freight costs to move feedstocks inland to crackers in 
Germany and finished product out to customers. Cargoes of naphtha are 
backing up in the Netherlands unable to move inland. An extended drought 
could also limit cracker cooling which could also reduce operating rates. Major 
chemical sites in Germany include BASF's complex at Ludwigshafen; Shell's Rheinland 
energy and chemicals park; LyondellBasell's operations in Wesseling; Bayer, Covestro 
and Lanxess’s complex at Leverkusen; and Ineos’ complex at Cologne. N.A. Chems & 
Pkg’g: EU drought impacts on U.S. Chem producer.
News: UBS Comment: GB domestic energy bills under price cap rise 4%. Gas up c8% 
but elec up c6% (before VAT change). UBS EMEA Utilities Team Take: Govt already 
subsidising and moved to reduce bills by £200 p.a. in past 6mths. Furthermore, c22% of 
households receive a £150 p.a. discount. Should help reduce bad debt and working cap 
outflows for suppliers, albeit debt relief scheme still not in place. Fast Take: UK Utilities.
News: UBS Comment: Elections for the regional state parliaments will be held 
in Saxony-Anhalt (6 September), Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Berlin (both on 20 
September). All three will provide 11 seats (of 69) in the Bundesrat (Upper House). All 
three states are located in the eastern part of Germany, where the right-wing AfD party 
tends to have more support in elections. The UBS economics team notes that attention 
to these regional elections is higher than usual because opinion polls point to large vote 
increases for the AfD relative to the last elections. This holds notably for Saxony-Anhalt, 
where the party is close to an absolute majority (42%). If the AfD obtains an absolute 
majority, the party would be able to hold the office of prime minister for the first time in 
a German state. AfD's manifesto published ahead of the regional state elections in 
Saxony-Anhalt implies a reversal of Germany's current energy and climate policy. We 
note many similarities to the manifesto published by AfD ahead of the federal elections 
in 2025 (see German Utilities "Key takeaways from manifestos"). If it gains ground in 
the upcoming elections, AfD would have more influence at the state level. On 
renewables, AfD would seek to stop new wind investments and new industrial-scale PV 
on agricultural land, as well as end renewables’ priority access to the electricity grid. The 
party is also opposed to any support / preferred feed-in for renewables. AfD supports 
conventional power plants, while it would look to extend the lifetime of lignite assets 
beyond 2038, support new gas-fired power plants and a return to nuclear energy. AfD 
has also said it would like to repair and reuse the Nord Stream pipelines in order to start 
to import gas from Russia. German Utilities: Regional elections in September - what to 
watch.


[Page 6]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 6
News: "European Commission adopted Greece's Social Climate Plan. It is the fifth and 
largest national plan adopted under the Social Climate Fund so far, which will use the 
revenues from emission allowances to advance the clean transition and support 
vulnerable consumers and enterprises. The plan was developed by the Greek authorities 
together with the Commission. Following their implementation, the investments and 
reforms supported through the Greek Social Climate Plan (2026-2032) will contribute to 
emissions reductions reaching 811,000 tons of CO2 equivalent yearly by 2032. The Plan 
will mobilise €4.77 billion until 2032, including €3.57 billion (75%) from the EU and 
€1.2 billion (25%) from national funds." See press release.
News: Press article refers discussion in Saudi Arabia around a war and political risk state-
backed insurance vehicle in response to significant disruptions as a result of the Middle 
East conflict. 
On nuclear...

UBS Comment: STDN 2Q26 result, the first since their IPO in Jul-2026, was ahead 
of our expectations for gross margins and new orders. Notably, the funded 
backlog nearly doubled to $119mn from 30-Jun-2026 to the earnings call on 26-
Aug-2026 based on announced customer agreements. In our view, STDN provides 
differentiated nuclear exposure as its near-term demand is driven by military 
programs, not the commercial electricity market being pursued by other 
companies. We would highlight that STDN is a very early-stage company and 
should be considered a high risk/reward opportunity that may not be suitable for 
some investors. There is a very wide range of plausible industry development 
pathways. Recent Customer Wins:

20-Aug-2026: Announced a binding TRISO fuel supply agreement with 
Radiant Industries for “multiple” metric tons (MT) of TRISO fuel to be delivered 
through 2031.

27-Aug-2026: Announced a binding TRISO fuel supply agreement with 
Antares Nuclear for a minimum of 1MT and up to 8MT by 2035. Standard 
Nuclear Inc: 2Q26 First Take: Strong Out of the Gate.

Micronuclear reactor startup AMPERA and Lawrence Livermore National 
Laboratory (LLNL) announced strategic partnership to develop novel metallic-
particle manufacturing capabilities for the production of TRISO nuclear fuel. See 
press release.
 On energy storage…

UBS Comment: Doosan Fuel Cell's IR team attended 2026 UBS Korea Summit on 
25 August. In line with what was shared at Q2 earnings call, the company expects 
to receive fuel cell orders from its US affiliate HyAxiom soon, as HyAxiom is close to 
signing final contract to supply to US data centers. Size of the initial contract (likely 
for 2027 deliveries, in our view) was indicated to be above 100MW, with optional 
terms for 2028 and 2029 deliveries potentially included with the same customer. 
HyAxiom is also in discussion with other potential US customers, according to 
Doosan Fuel Cell. We believe the emerging first US order is starting to be priced in, 
and investors’ focus is likely to shift to visibility on follow through orders and 
funding availability for working capital, expansions, and bolstering equity capital. 
Doosan Fuel Cell: 2026 UBS Korea Summit key takeaways.

UBS Comment: Reuters reported this morning that SK On has signed a 9GWh 
pouch-cell deal with NeoVolta Power from 2027-31. Cells will be made in Georgia 
and the deal is estimated at ~KRW1.5tn, implying ~US$121/kWh, according to 
the news. Neovolta Power is a newly established (end 2025) US BESS pack/
container assembler/system integrator, with 80% owned by NeoVolta (NEOV), a 
US residential/C&I ESS designer and manufacturer and 20% by LONGi, a Chinese 
solar company, according to the company website. SK Innovation: SK On signed 
9GWh LFP cell supply with US BESS system integrator.

CATL announced "strategic partnership with Moura to jointly participate in Brazil's 
Capacity Reserve Auction for Energy Storage", see press release.


[Page 7]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 7
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Earnings season highlights - latest 
quarter
Our takeaways from an ESG perspective on selected examples of earnings transcripts 
published in English in key ESG-relevant sectors. Unless otherwise noted (or as part of a 
UBS research report), individual comments are quotes from an earnings transcript. 
Emphasis is ours.
Industrials
Accelleron: Energy momentum also remains strong, with sustained demand for prime 
power, backup power and gas compression applications in the US. Power grid 
constraints and gas availability are driving demand for gas-fired prime power 
applications at US data centers. Given the long lead times for grid connections and 
the political pressure to avoid passing the costs of new power generation 
capacity and grid expansion on the utilities and, ultimately, residential 
customer in the US, BYOP, or Bank Your Own Power, is increasingly becoming 
the norm for US data center operators.
...why data centers need two complete set of engines on the same site, one powered by 
gas and the other one by diesel. The reason is that environment regulations typically limit 
diesel engines to only a few hundred operating hours per year. As a result, diesel engines 
without emission control systems are not suitable for prime power applications running 
thousands of hours a year. Conversely, using gas engines for backup power is also 
difficult. The challenge with gas backup power is not the engine. It is onsite fuel 
storage. For the same amount of energy, compressed natural gas requires several times 
the storage volume of diesel, while diesel can be stored and replenished much more 
easily in case of extended power grid blackouts.
A P Moller Maersk: And it is anything that is related to electrification from storage, so 
batteries, solar panels, parts for either solar panels, windmills, turbines, grid, electricity 
grid, anything that has to do with electrification, cooling units for data centers and other 
things, EVs.  So anything that has to do with electrification and the race to build more 
power capacity is driving demand for industrial products whose production base is very 
Asia-centric and Asia dependent.At the macro level, market demand continued 
unabated despite the disruptions from the war in the Gulf driven by Far East exports on 
almost all trade lanes. Exports from the Far East grew for the third consecutive year while 
the back-haul volumes were stagnant or negative. This has led to significantly more 
imbalanced trade flows and increased congestions in various regions including 
Europe, the east coast of South America, West Africa and the Middle East as 
volume levels are challenging the limits of ports and landside infrastructures in 
these regions. In effect, the bottleneck in the supply chain is now moving from 
ships to the landside and this cannot be debottlenecked quickly. Bunker prices 
were up 44% year-on-year, resulting in a negative impact of around $612 million.
Array Technologies: ...customer demand is shifting toward more integrated utility-
scale solar solutions that simplify our customer's execution and improve their project 
economics. 
So, fixed-tilt demand continues to benefit from AI data center demand and utility scale 
growth. 
BOC Aviation: ...the situation in the Middle East has contributed to higher energy 
prices, driving a 65% increase in the average price of Singapore jet kerosene in 
first half 2026. 
Brenntag: In North America, industry concerns have shifted away from oversupply and 
destocking towards supply reliability, feedstock availability, energy markets and 
geopolitical risk. In EMEA end market demand continues to be subdued and we are 
monitoring closely what effect energy and feedstock prices will have on inflation.
One would expect with fertilizers and a lot of the raw materials that come from Middle 
East on fertilizers that that would create the upward price pressure, and then people 
maybe get a bit more inventory, the producers, our customers, but we haven't seen any 
of that in our business. 


[Page 8]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 8
Canadian National: This year, we have seen a very active wildfire season in both 
Northern Ontario and British Columbia. The safety of our employees and of the 
communities we operate through is our first area of focus. We are monitoring the 
wildfires closely, both for our own operations and for our customers' operations, and we 
continue to work closely with local authorities.
CK Hutchison: But I would add to that, everything that is happening that is climate-
related in addition to other inflationary pressures...we may end up with food price 
inflation as a result of both the climate, right, and the constraints on things like 
fertilizer and things like diesel fuel, right, hitting us, right, in the second half 
and into 2027.
As for the outlook for the rest of the year, the Middle East situation remains highly 
unpredictable and trade tensions are expected to continue affecting global trade. 
However, with the division's geographically diversified portfolio, favorable mix of 
operations in gateway and transshipment ports, and continued focus on productivity 
and cost efficiency, the division is expected to achieve earnings growth in 2026 as a 
whole. Meanwhile, the Ports division continue to advance its decarbonization strategy 
through the electrification of equipment and trucks. This, together with the increased 
adoption of renewable electricity, which already accounting for over 50% of the 
division's total consumption, supports continued progress towards the division's long-
term net zero ambition.
Daikin: ...here is currently a heat wave in Europe, and our European operations are 
seeing very strong shipment volumes.
We have a system in place that allows us to immediately increase production if the 
summer gets hot.
First of all, both commercial and heat pump heating are on the rise in terms of 
sales value. However, as for applied, due to the situation in the Middle East, there were 
some cases where shipments were halted, so the number looks weak.
For example, at our manufacturing plants in the air conditioning business, we are 
proceeding with the transfer of SKY production from Thailand to the United States in 
order to minimize the impact of US tariffs. In addition, to meet the strong demand for 
data center cooling while keeping investment in check, we are working to establish a 
production system that utilizes leased factories. 
Deere: Across both agriculture and construction, labor remains constrained, and 
customers increasingly rely on technology to do more with less. 
Deutsche Lufthansa: You can see very clearly that fuel has been a major, major 
headwind, even though we are hedged to a very high degree.
Downer EDI: The energy transition is driving investment in transmission, renewables, 
battery storage, gas and critical minerals.
Duerr: ...according to...many...sustainable -- sustainability is no longer that important as 
it used to be...But, if you look at what's happening with the fossil fuel prices, we think it 
is still extremely relevant, and this is why we we are absolutely convinced that our focus 
on helping our customers to reduce energy costs and, thus, on operating costs is 
absolutely the right one.
Ebara: In response to market trends driven by decarbonization, specifically, the shift 
from gas turbine-driven to electric-motor-driven systems, where gas turbines that were 
previously used as power sources are being replaced by electric motors, our company 
has identified capturing demand for large electric-motor-driven compressors as one of 
our key strategies and is actively working toward this goal.
Also, in the hydrogen business aimed at achieving a decarbonized society, in addition to 
securing orders for airport infrastructure designed for liquid hydrogen receiving 
terminals, we are establishing our technological leadership by obtaining the type 
approval for the world’s first cargo pump for a liquefied hydrogen carrier, as well as for 
shipboard cargo pumps.
Fanuc: We believe that in response to strong capital investments worldwide, the 
procurement environment is tight across the industry as a whole, rather than being 
influenced by company-specific factors. Extended lead times are being observed 


[Page 9]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 9
not only for semiconductors and electrical/electronic components, but also for a 
wide range of materials including mechanical parts. We are addressing these issues 
through maximum company- wide efforts, including the use of alternative components 
and second- and third-source suppliers In the market in China, it is a fact that our 
delivery times have become longer amid very strong demand, and we recognize that 
some customers have adopted competitors' products as a result.
Physical AI is attracting significant attention, and we are receiving inquiries from many 
customers.
HD Hyundai Heavy Industries: ...some updates about on our business with 
TerraPower. Hyundai Heavy Industries, at the end of 2024, signed an agreement with 
TerraPower for its SMR demonstration project in the state of Wyoming of the United 
States. Hyundai Heavy Industries is going to supply a cylindrical type of reactor for that 
project. Among the component suppliers for that project, as the first supplier, Hyundai 
Heavy Industries will be initiating production of key components at the end of 2026. In 
past May, we have already signed an MOU about the manufacturing and production of 
core components for that TerraPower project, and we were selected as the preferred 
bidder for the Natrium SMR device. We are currently consulting with the company, 
TerraPower. 
Hitachi: In Energy power grids, orders increased significantly Y-o-Y in the first 
quarter, supported by a continued strong demand for transmission equipment. 
...the power grid business benefited from solid demand for power grid equipment in 
several large-scale HVDC projects in Europe. 
HD KSOE: In the short term, you may think of gas turbines, but that's not free from the 
bottleneck effect, and that's because the timely delivery of gas turbines is limited.
But if you look at the requirements of these tech companies, they are seeking 
carbon free and decarbonized data center operations. 
So we are currently working on both, not just about SMR-propelled shipment vessels, 
we are also working on power plant purposes using SMR as well. 
JELD-WEN Holding: July performance was affected by temporary production 
disruptions related to Canadian wildfire smoke, which required us to shut down certain 
sites for a period of time.
JetBlue Airways: Despite extremely difficult, unpredictable convective weather 
coupled with ongoing ATC staffing constraints, our team has shown incredible 
dedication to our customers and each other.
Kelsian Group: Investment in better public transport creates a reinforcing cycle of 
improved services, player patronage, and further network investment. With 
households increasingly focused on transport affordability, governments are 
investing in more frequent, reliable, and accessible public transport as part of broader 
cost of living, congestion, and sustainability objectives.
Kubota: While crop prices in Thailand are gradually rising, the risk of drought caused 
by El Niño means that the market is expected to take a little more time to recover. While 
in India we need to remain mindful of developments in the Middle East and the impact 
of weather conditions, the market is expected to continue growing against the 
backdrop of economic expansion. 
Kumba Iron Ore: Rainfall in April and early May was the highest on record ever 
recorded for Sishen since 1963; and for Kolomela, it was the highest on record ever 
recorded since 1918, and that's our records. And as you can imagine, this resulted in 
flooding across the entire region and also flooding at our operations as well. Now this, 
coupled with equipment availability and reliability challenges, did impact our waste 
mining.
LG Energy Solution: (ESS) Driven by the strategic utilization of five North American 
production sites and active response to surging demand, ESS business achieved 4.6x 
year-on-year revenue growth and secured new orders exceeding KRW 3 trillion.
ESS Trend: Rising power demand and sustained investment in AI infrastructure are 
driving growth across both Front-of-the-Meter (FTM) and Behind-the-Meter (BTM) 


[Page 10]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 10
sectors Specifically, as ESS has become an essential component to reduce power load 
volatility, and UPS and BBU have become critical parts for data centers, the scope of ESS 
applications is getting significantly expanded. ESS Direction: LG Energy Solution will 
leverage its position as North America's largest ESS manufacturer to meet non-PFE 
requirements and strengthen its product lineup (BESS, UPS, BBU) for power grids and 
data centers.
EV Trend: Demand for 46-Series cylindrical batteries is increasing as thermal safety 
regulations tighten and next-generation vehicles increasingly adopt structural battery 
integration...EV Direction:...Technical advances will also follow-including 10-minute fast 
charging and battery pack designs to further enhance safety.
EV 2H Action Plan: Prepare for the start of production at the Arizona facility, as well as 
stable operation of EV pouch production lines across North America and Europe…
By converting EV capacity into ESS, we've been responding to demand 
changes...In result, ESS revenue more than quadrupled Y-o-Y, taking off high 20% in 
the revenue mix and AI data center project for a hyperscaler end user is included in the 
more than KRW 3 trillion new orders we secured in the first half. In May and June, the 
GM JV Phase 2 and Honda JV sequentially kick started the ESS lines. By year end, we 
were securing more than 50-gigawatt hours of ESS production capacity in North 
America.
MinebeaMitsumi: Demand related to air-cooling fans remains strong.
The PT segment and air-cooling fans in particular are running significantly above initial 
targets. 
Qantas Airways: In FY 2026, our SAF procurement increased to 1.1% of total fuel, and 
we have also committed AUD 30 million towards carbon removal projects, working with 
our partners to target native species planting.
Reliance Worldwide Corp: So we really did see after the start of the Iran war, I think 
we started to see pretty significant resin inflation specifically in our APAC region. 
Rockwool: Somewhat more broadly and less directly related to the quarterly results, we 
do observe in the market that higher oil and gas prices are driving a greater 
interest in energy efficiency in the build environment. So, while we are affected on 
the cost side, of course, we also expect to benefit from the greater focus on energy 
efficiency that results from the higher energy prices in the market. At the same time, the 
tragic wildfires in South Europe and in North America over the summer are generating 
more awareness about the importance of non-combustible materials, such as 
stone wool.
SATS: In Europe, de minimis world has really been settled. It will take some time for the 
e-commerce players to reroute their e-commerce products. But we believe with a settled 
regulatory regime in place, I think most of the e-commerce players will then fall back to 
the original flows that we saw previously. 
Singapore Technologies Engineering: ...we see strong demand, especially given 
recent conflicts that we saw in the Middle East, where air defense counter-drone 
capabilities come to the fore. 
And a key lesson learned from the recent conflict, where your supply chain resilience is 
core.
Vamos: Construction, mining, and forestry equipment declined in both comparisons, 
reflecting the current agri business cycle and our reduced exposure to sugar and 
ethanol. Finally, I would like to draw your attention to the strong performance of our 
forklift segment with double-digit growth both in units and gross fixed assets. This 
reflects growing demand for this type of asset from internal logistics operations 
throughout Brazil. Another important point is that we have been further increasing our 
exposure to electric forklifts which have an average purchase price approximately 20% 
to 25% higher than combustion engine forklifts. However, they also have lower 
maintenance and energy costs, which often explains our customers' preference for 
them.
Ventia Services: The uptick in the investment cycle for water has commenced, 
driven by the need to address aging infrastructure, population growth and 


[Page 11]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 11
climate resilience. Water assets built in the 1960s and 1970s are reaching end of 
life, driving refresh master plans with multiyear renewal and modernization programs.
Vestas Wind Systems: First of all, wind energy, key to affordability, security and 
sustainability. No new words in that, but especially the two keywords right now for 
societies worldwide is affordability and security. When we look at the global 
environment, inflation, raw materials and transport costs are stable, but tariffs and 
blockages increase cost over time or from time to time as we say, it's a changeable 
environment. When we look at the ongoing geopolitical trade volatility and energy crisis 
that are leading to a regionalization, we've spoken about that, we're still seeing it and 
that trend has not reversed to any better. 
When we look at grid investment, it's prioritized in key markets and getting 
higher and higher prioritized in key markets including also EU. When we look at 
the permitting, it's improving in some markets but overall permitting, auctions and 
market design are still showing challenging things. 
X-Energy: At X-energy, we embrace the use of AI to further accelerate nuclear 
development. We view every opportunity through the lens of reducing the time and 
expense required to design, license, manufacture and deploy the fuel and the reactors. 
We are excited to have recently joined the Department of Energy's Project Prometheus 
as a founding member, collaborating with organizations including Idaho National 
Laboratory, NVIDIA, and Amazon Web Services. As part of our commitment, we're 
providing $10 million in private capital along with the use of our reactor design and fuel 
fabrication data. Our data will serve as a technical basis for a three-year research 
campaign, leveraging the DOE's test reactors and supercomputing capabilities to 
integrate frontier-class AI models and the uses from reactor design to semi-autonomous 
operation workflows as well as fuel fabrication. Our participation in this project builds 
upon the ongoing development of our internal proprietary tool called APEX. This is our 
multi-agentic AI platform that we have currently deployed across our engineering, 
licensee, and operations teams where we are already realizing meaningful time and cost 
savings.
Materials
Amcor: We've cumulatively have about a $500 million impact from the Middle East 
conflict. 
But I think what's important, too, to understand this context here is we don't really 
know how the Middle East conflict plays out. What's more important for us is really 
how the supply chains normalize. That will have an impact on resin costing for us as 
an input. 
Antofagasta: At Zaldívar, during the period, we also approved a $900 million 
investment in a water pipeline to transition away from continental water by mid-2028, 
securing a stable future and supporting potential life mine extension to 2051.
Global copper demand is expected to grow between now and 2035 by approximately 8 
million tonnes, while copper supply is expected to grow by about 4 million tonnes. 
Copper is increasingly essential to global growth, driven by long-term macro trends, 
which we have covered in the past, electrification, grid expansion, new 
technologies like AI and data centers. Global copper demand is expected to grow 
between now and 2035 by approximately 8 million tonnes, while copper supply is 
expected to grow by about 4 million tonnes.
In addition, there's a growing demand from themes such as energy security, 
electrification and emerging modern technologies such as data centers and 
artificial intelligence. By contrast, the supply side is increasingly constrained 
with long lead times for permitting and mine disruption contributing to a 
slower pace of growth than global demand.
And the key issue is that we've got the El Niño phenomenon now happening. It 
does not happen every year, but this year it's been here and it's been extremely 
severe.
...we've also seen, as is well known, inflationary pressures across the sector, particularly 
for inputs like diesel and sulfuric acid. 
BHP: Around the world, there are hundreds of billions of dollars currently being invested 
in electrification, artificial intelligence, industrial capacity, energy security, and of course, 
food security.
A lot of capital is flowing into artificial intelligence, data centers, and the energy 


[Page 12]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 12
transition, and countries and companies are increasingly focused on energy and food 
security, supply chain resilience, and industrial capacity. This means demand today for 
commodities, such as copper, is much more broad-based than during China's boom in 
the late 2000s.
Fuel prices have been elevated, as everyone who is listening to this will know. We have 
very strong and multiple relationships with different suppliers globally. Those have led us 
to not have any disruption in our supply chain for diesel, for sulfuric acid, for 
inputs which are going into ammonia, for our explosives, et cetera. 
BlueScope Steel: Australia's future made in Australia agenda is the most significant 
shift in industrial policy in a generation and it provides a very real opportunity to 
reshape Australia's future.
Braskem: In the second quarter of 2026, the green ethylene utilization rate was higher 
by 2 percentage points compared to the first quarter of 2026, mainly due to the 
adjustment of production levels in response to higher demand. During the period, sales 
of green polyethylene increased by 49%, mainly due to greater commercial 
opportunities in Europe and the normalization of demand following the seasonal effect 
of the Chinese New Year in the previous quarter.
Elevra Lithium: Following the breakdown in trade negotiations between Canada and 
the US late last week and the subsequent introduction of retaliatory tariffs, we are 
reviewing what implications, if any, this will have on NAL's sourcing strategy for the 
expansion. Given that the brownfield expansion is based upon proven and existing 
technology and processes, our initial indications are that the alternate sourcing solutions 
will be available, should the introduction of tariffs create cost escalation for US-based 
sourcing. In addition, the Canadian government has announced a number of measures 
totaling CAD 7.5 billion to address tariff impacted industries and projects.
During the last cycle, electric vehicles produced and sold in China dominated demand. 
Now, we are also seeing strong uptake in energy storage – stationary storage 
applications and commercial vehicles. Battery demand is real and lithium batteries 
are the leading solution.
Fortescue: It was also a big year for decarbonizing our Pilbara operations with our zero-
emission mining equipment rolling out across the business. We now have 18 electric 
excavators up and running, and they're outperforming the diesel machines 
they're replacing.
Our first battery electric truck is in the final stages of the build and will soon be 
integrated with the Fortescue Zero power system. This isn't a prototype. It will go 
straight into our operations with hundreds more to follow.
We're also investing another $680 million to expand the Green Grid and meet 
growing demand for green power, including from data centers. That 
investment will add another 200 megawatts of firmed renewable generation 
beyond what Fortescue needs for its own operations.
Decarbonizing operations is much more than buying an electric truck off the market. It's 
about bringing the whole ecosystem together, trucks, chargers, batteries, and 
green energy, and making it all work as one system. AI is key to making that 
happen.
The world has entered a period of rapid electricity growth. The International Energy 
Agency calls it the Age of Electricity and expects demands to grow significantly every 
year to 2030. That's 50% faster than the previous decade. That growth is being driven 
by electrification, green fuels, AI, and data centers. Data center electricity demand alone 
is expected to more than double by 2030. Renewables will supply a large share of this 
new demand. Globally, governments and communities are asking data centers to 
bring new green power, not more fossil fuels. 
Freeport-McMoRan: On the mitigation, we've made progress. We've had a number of 
drill holes that we've been able to get into the old pit bottom. And that along with the 
drier weather, the pit bottom is essentially dry. We know that the rain is going to come 
back at some point. It's like Kathleen said, the El Niño is dry for our part of 
Indonesia.
Gujarat Fluorochemicals: While these businesses are at different stages of 
qualification and commercialization, we remain encouraged by the long-term 
opportunity driven by growing EV adoption, increasing deployment of battery energy 


[Page 13]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 13
storage system and the ongoing localization of battery supply chain.
But now when we look at our domestic market itself, domestic market also is driven 
primarily by BESS and is almost looking at 220-250 GWh by 2030.
Holcim: ...this actually, once again, confirms that ETS will remain the key pillar of 
European climate and industrial policy.
International Paper: Very specifically, we're seeing some slowness on the fruit and 
vegetable side, specifically on the West Coast from what's going on. We've seen 
everything in the news around some of the issues on the vegetable side with some 
contamination.
Iluka Resources: In rare earths, we executed our first offtake agreement, strengthened 
our long-term feedstock position, and progressed construction of the Eneabba refinery 
to 60% complete.
Clearly, external developments continue to reinforce the strategic rationale for our rare 
earths diversification. We continue to see evidence of industries and governments 
seeking secure and reliable sources of rare earths with transparent supply chains. 
Kinross Gold: In June, we delivered humanitarian support to remote farming 
communities facing food insecurity due to drought and rising transportation 
costs.
KGHM Polska: ...Chile experienced torrential rains in the first quarter 2026. Initially, we 
did not see the impact of those rains on production, but after the first six months of the 
year, this negative deviation on production is visible.
We have also accelerated renovation downtime in Głogów foundry, and we will shorten 
it for sure. It is very important for our production levels, not only for copper and silver 
production, our core products, but it will also allow us to higher production of sulfuric 
acid, which, all in the situation of uncertainty regarding the enormous and 
global conflicts around it, became a very good product, high margin product.
Copper no longer is just an element subject to supply and demand laws, it has become 
the object of political games. 
LG Chem: And also, if we look at the ship freights in terms of the overall cost levels, 
compared to the first half of the year, on the second half of the year, we do actually see 
a 60% increase. 
Mitsubishi Materials: In July, we decided to invest in expanding our tungsten 
recycling capacity in Europe and raised funds through a convertible bond with a 
conversion restriction, thereby establishing a solid financial foundation to steadily 
execute our growth investments.
Nutrien: Risks to crop production and trade have increased due to geopolitical 
uncertainty and forecasts indicating El Niño conditions, which are expected to place 
upside pressure on crop prices. 
We've seen really hot and dry weather in Europe and dry weather especially in 
the western corn belt of the US, and consecutive weeks of reduced condition 
ratings in the US providing potential downside to yields. 
PI Industries: ...this year has begun with El Nino, strong heat waves, delayed sowings 
and high levels of inventories from prior years. As we see today, sowing in monsoon has 
picked up, and we believe sowing is at par as the last year. This delay, however, has 
impacted preplacement sales of chemicals. 
There are pressures on margins due to high input costs, high levels of inventory, 
however, we believe consumption patterns will see a positive trajectory and industrial 
remains cautious and watchful of erratic weather climatic situations which will impact 
crop and consumption.
PLS Group: Battery costs have fallen by around 90% since 2010, making electrification 
increasingly competitive on economics rather than incentives alone. 
Sims: Switching businesses now to our Metal operations, beginning with North 
America...an estimated 11 tonnes of aluminium and 11 tonnes of copper are required 


[Page 14]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 14
per megawatt of new data center capacity. 
Right now, a rack we repurpose weighs up to 1,000 kilograms. Soon these racks will be 
5 tonnes.
...we saw copper prices surge, driven by a relentless demand for AI-related activities, 
green energy grids and EV infrastructure and hit record highs in the year. Tight primary 
ore supplies and tariff expectations further amplified bidding for secondary copper. 
Similarly, geopolitical conflict in the Middle East created primary aluminum 
supply crunches, pushing global buyers towards aluminum scrap substitution 
and boosting values despite regional trade friction. 
Sumitomo Chemical: To your question on El Niño, this year, El Niño is expected to 
have a big impact. I think your question was about the impact of crop protection in 
each region. The impact of El Niño is mainly not in the Northern but the Southern 
Hemisphere. It impacts the Southern Hemisphere more. Basically, it will not rain as much 
and temperatures will rise. Precipitation declines, temperature rises.Now, by region, first 
of all, Brazil. Brazil is a big country. The southern part and northern part are different. In 
the northern part, closer to the equator, as I mentioned earlier, precipitation declines and 
temperature rises, and that is the trend. This will negatively impact the planting of 
crops on one hand. But if temperature rises, there will be an increase in insects 
and pests, which is a plus. We don't know which will be the bigger factor, 
positives or negatives. It's hard to say.
Suzano: Still on the pulp supply side of the equation, a stronger El Niño season this year 
may increase the likelihood of weather-related disruptions in key producing regions with 
possible implications for wood availability and production costs.
Wienerberger: We see that the infrastructure and the renovation markets remained 
resilient, according to our expectations. We see that the renovation market was 
supported by the decarbonization projects on the old European housing stock. 
Our renovation-driven demand in Europe West remain solid. It's supported by energy 
transition initiatives.
We've seen resin market with shortages, plastic prices really increased. We've seen 
increases, especially in Europe in resin between 60% to 70%. 
Energy
Channel Infrastructure: The government needed additional diesel storage at 
incredibly short notice following the outbreak of the Middle East conflict.
Kazatomprom: In China, the State Council recently greenlit the construction of four 
new nuclear power projects, adding another eight reactors to this buildout. 
Simultaneously, India is pushing ahead with an ambitious goal to commission five new 
nuclear reactors within this decade. New realities are signaling that the era of cheap 
uranium is fading away, but the fundamental urgency for secure, baseload, emission-
free power is stronger than ever. Global utilities completely recognize this shift. We are 
certain that long-term uranium demand is going to be consistent and powerful. Every 
single pound we produce will have a clear, committed and waiting buyer. Additionally, 
financial investment funds continue to accumulate physical uranium. This 
consistent buying, supported the spot market, driving the spot price up by roughly a 
quarter in the first half of 2026 compared to last year. The growing demand is clearly 
reflected in recent market data, which highlights a distinct shift in utility procurement 
strategy. Western utilities are actively transitioning from a just-in-time 
philosophy to a just-in-case strategy. They are moving away from short-term spot 
reliance towards long-term inventory security. This structural change confirms our macro 
outlook perfectly. We must not mistake this inventory buildup as market oversupply. 
What is happening is that utilities are establishing substantial inventory reserves 
because they have to. This strategic buffer is a necessity, not a preference. This is 
institutional risk management, not a permanent market surplus. Remember that 
uranium from a mine takes a long journey before it enters the nuclear reactor in a fuel 
assembly, going through conversion, enrichment and fabrication typically takes about 
two years.  So one year ago, the price for the sulphur was $250. Now it's $1,100. 
Liberty Energy: The partnerships with Oklo and Fervo, amongst others, allow us to 
start with natural gas fire generation, which makes great sense from a time to market 
standpoint, but also ultimately have that generation stack evolve to something more 


[Page 15]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 15
sophisticated that might include small modular reactors, might include enhanced 
geothermal on those locations as well.
Peabody Energy: Talking about seaborne, the biggest thing is drought, 
particularly in Asia and China. So we've seen very strong coal burn in China. There's a 
lot of noise around how much coal China actually is consuming, but they're consuming 
a hell of a lot of coal, and production at the moment isn't keeping up, domestic 
production. So the main thing we've seen here with this weather pattern is that hydro 
production from the great river system in China is down.
S-oil: In addition, as demand for diesel for power generation has increased amid the 
European heat wave, Russia has expanded its export restrictions to include 
gasoline, jet fuel and diesel following damage to its refining facilities. 
Tight market environment is expected to persist in Q3 amid ongoing crude and product 
supply disruptions. The driving season remains underway, while Europe is expected to 
increase demand for diesel used in power generation due to heat waves.
SK Innovation: In North America...we'll do our best to win and deliver additional orders 
in the currently robust ESS market.
In addition to that in light of the overall global AI/DC-related demand and also the 
demand for more greener forms of energy, we do expect that the overall ESS market will 
grow at a very high rate.
...we do understand that there is a renewed interest on the consumer side for EV 
vehicles due to the fact that they actually will provide a lower fuel cost burden 
each of the consumers.
...to convert some of our existing EV lines for ESS purposes, that will continue. 
And at the same time, we will also try to increase our ESS order book so that we can 
utilize our existing capacity and assets in a more efficient manner and also operate at 
such.
In Europe, local production incentive policies and EV-related support policies remain in 
place. We will leverage our strength in European production bases to enhance 
operational stability and strengthen our negotiating power with customers.
Thai Oil: So the refinery in Russia has production cuts of 2.8 million barrel per day, 
starting from the end of July. This volume is massive. So this is the whys and wherefores 
showing that the spread of the products strengthens heavily. But in the next period, if 
the Strait of Hormuz is open, we will see more outflow of crude and our refinery outside 
the warzone can increase its production capacity and refineries can produce more then 
they can export their products. So in quarter four, looking ahead, the margin will soften 
to a normalized level, but still remain high, which is nearly the end of the last year when 
this is similar to when the refinery in Russia shut down.
Utilities
Auren Energia: El Nino, as everyone knows, a lot of rain in the south, not a lot of rain in 
the northeast. And the area of the reservoirs in southeast, it's uncertain.
Axia Energia: About the effects of El Nino in energy prices and portfolio, we already 
received an increase in rainfall in the south region. We had in the south the highest 
rainfall in the last two years, and that naturally brings pressure downwards in the short 
term prices...El Nino as a concept has some effects that tend to increase intensity. 
For example, higher rainfall in the south, we already saw. A reduction of rainfall in the 
north and northeast regions, and temperatures above average in majority of the country. 
Without a clear definition of what happens with rainfall in the southeast, which is where 
we have the majority of our reservoirs.
BKW AG: The dry weather led to further decrease in hydroelectric power 
generation of 0.1 terawatt hours to 1.6 terawatt hours. Production from wind farms 
and PV plants remained under pressure due to poor wind conditions.
Cemig: El Niño requires a robust planning, which we have. For our maintenance plan, 
we have a contingency plan considering that we have the largest investment plan in 
history. We are executing our maintenance plan, also the largest one in history, our 
OpEx. We have AME, meters automation, the electric systems. So for the second-half of 
2026, we are fully prepared for El Niño impacts.


[Page 16]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 16
Copel: Our approach focuses on the preventive management of the asymmetric 
regional impacts of this climate phenomenon. In the South, what we concentrate are 
our main operations, high rainfall is forecast, especially between August and November, 
with heavy rains in the southern and Paranapanema basins in the Southeast and 
Midwest, high temperatures are expected, particularly in Q4, driving up the system's 
load...However, in our view, this fluctuation is temporary and will have no impact on our 
balance sheet without changing the expectation of higher prices in the long run...On the 
other hand, the increase in load caused by heat waves will trigger spikes in hourly prices 
in the short term market due to the sudden demand for power.
E.ON:  The never ending war in Ukraine and the still unresolved conflict in the Middle 
East both have dramatically brought energy into the spotlight again. The good news is, 
despite all the bad news in Europe, companies and European governments and 
operators of critical infrastructure are much more prepared than ever. They 
have learned from the energy crisis in 2022. But it's also clear that Europe and 
Germany in particular need to further strengthen their energy supply. The 
volatility tied to the navigability of a move and the limited availability of gas there poses a 
threat to energy supply. That's why the focus of the second half of the energy transition 
needs to be on making energy not only sustainable, but also keeping it affordable 
and ensuring it reaches the customers reliably.
Requests across our German business for battery storage connections increased 
by more than 30% in the first half of this year from an already very high base. In 
this very period alone, we have committed 10 gigawatts of additional battery capacity to 
be connected to our grids. This lifts our total commitments to 26 gigawatts around one 
quarter of Germany's peak load. As a second example, changing customer behavior 
is also supporting demand for grid infrastructure.
The first half of the energy transition was about expanding renewables. The second 
half is primarily about network infrastructure, system integration and 
efficiency. The policy framework for the energy transition therefore needs to be 
realigned. This applies first and foremost at the European level. We fundamentally 
welcome the direction of the planned EU grids package. It recognizes networks as 
backbone of the energy transition and addresses key challenges in planning, financing 
and permitting.
Large scale battery storage continues to boom as well. Beyond battery systems 
already connected, E. ON has issued approvals for more than 26 gigawatts of 
new capacity. To put this in perspective, that's more than a quarter of 
Germany's entire peak load. Requests for data center connections are growing 
at a similar rapid pace. We have already approved more than 13 gigawatts of 
new connections.
Edison International: SCE is using more advanced wildfire modeling, improved data 
and climate-informed analysis to better identify where wildfire consequences could be 
greatest. SCE has developed an enhanced wildfire risk model that combines multiple 
data sources to improve how it identifies, prioritizes and plans safety measures while 
accounting for high impact wildfire events that may not be reflected in historical data.
Engie: ….we had an example in June where we had a heat wave and in just a space of a 
few days there was EUR 11 million value-created from our gas fleet in Europe.
Evergy: In early June, we experienced back-to-back severe storms that generated 
straight-line winds of up to 115 miles per hour and multiple tornadoes that caused 
extensive damage across our service territory ranging from Central and Southeastern 
Kansas through the Kansas City Metro area.
Eversource Energy: Continued investment is needed to maintain the level of 
affordable reliability and resiliency that customers have come to expect. This includes 
addressing aging infrastructure that is nearing the end of its useful life, 
responding to more frequent and unpredictable severe weather events and 
making the necessary upgrades to support the growing electric demand in the 
state.
Exelon: Those of you who are from Chicagoland know that this has been quite a year 
for storms. So far this year, ComEd has experienced 16 major weather events, more than 
it's seen in over two decades, while Illinois has recorded more tornadoes than any other 
state.


[Page 17]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 17
Affordability cannot be solved through cost discipline alone. It also requires new supply. 
At the beginning of the month, PJM was pushed to its limits. Demand hit a record peak 
of 168 gigawatts. PJM activated emergency procedures and called on demand response 
resources to maintain reliability, while power prices surged ten-fold from roughly $80 to 
$800 per megawatt hour. 
HK Electric Investments: During the first half of 2026, we rolled out SmartGrid@HK 
Electric across 55 substations to strengthen network monitoring and proactive risk 
management capabilities, thereby enhancing resilience against emergencies and 
extreme weather 
Hydro One: We are seeing a higher number of fires this year. In fact, the number of 
wildfires in Ontario this year is 54% above last year and 56% above the 10-year average. 
As electricity demand continues to grow across Ontario, aging infrastructure and 
changing weather patterns are placing increased demands on the electricity 
system. 
We've announced several critical investments in our transmission and distribution 
systems to modernize, strengthen and expand the grid in support of economic 
development and increase electrification across the province. During the quarter, Hydro 
One submitted leave-to-construct applications to the Ontario Energy Board for three 
major transmission projects. First, Northeast Power Line. A single circuit 500 KV 
transmission line connecting the Greater Sudbury area to the Wharncliffe area. Second, 
Longwood to Lakeshore line. A single circuit 500 KV transmission line connecting the 
municipality of Strathroy-Caradoc and Municipality of Lakeshore. Third Durham 
Kawartha Line. A double circuit 230 KV transmission line connecting the Municipality of 
Clarington and Peterborough County.
Indraprastha Gas: So coming to the Delhi EV policy, yes, you are right. That mandate 
has already come. So effective 01/01/2027, there will be no more three wheelers in 
particularly registration and only EV registrations will happen. 
...going forward, all the fuels are going to coexist. In the current scenario, viewing the 
geopolitical situations and all, energy security remains top most priority. And there will 
not be a shift on a single energy fuel, whether it is conventional fuels, whether it is a 
CNG as a transition fuel, or it will be EV. So, it will be a mix of all these fuels. And going 
forward, we are anticipating a very, very robust growth from CNG… 
Meridian Energy: ...the role that solar can play in reducing dry year risk, as droughts 
generally coincide with periods of high sunshine and low rainfall. The more solar 
generation there is in the system, whether at utility scale or behind the meter, the less 
pressure there is on hydro storage during those periods. Solar therefore does more than 
add generation. It can help preserve water when water is most valuable.
We estimated that increasing storage flexibility could reduce average electricity prices by 
up to $10 a megawatt hour or by $400 million per annum.
Origin Energy: Now just turning to what's happening in the market over the last 12 
months; in particular, what's happened with batteries. You'll see that grid-scale batteries 
in the NEM have more than doubled in the last 12 months, and they're now able to meet 
about 25% of peak demand. At the same time, you can see there's greater than four 
times growth in behind-the-meter batteries in the last 12 months. 
Orsted: ...solid development pipeline of opportunities in our US onshore business for 
the years to come. We have 6 to 7 gigawatts of capacity that meet the IRS definition of 
qualifications through '29. And our development portfolio consists of a mix of solar, 
wind and also storage. And I would say near-term, our near-term portfolio is probably 
weighted more towards solar. We recently achieved COD on all 300 BESS, so a 250-
megawatt battery in Texas and we also COD-ed Badger Wind in Q1.
RWE:  In July, two of our former nuclear sites in Gundremmingen and Biblis have been 
selected as fusion energy hubs by the German Federal Ministry. One for magnetic, one 
for laser fusion technology. Accordingly, we will optimize the decommissioning process 
of these sites to adapt the continued usage of existing infrastructure for fusion 
technology.


[Page 18]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 18
Sembcorp: ...people are talking about nuclear and if nuclear comes, we are also 
positioning ourselves to protect our market share...
We're seeing an enormous push now into the electrification of vehicles off the 
back of what's happened in the Middle East.
Tenaga Nasional: So, turning to our operational backdrop,electricity demand remains 
accelerated throughout the first half, primarily from expanding commercial sector.This 
structural demand growth was demonstrated earlier this month when system peak 
demand scaled consecutive historical high, reaching 22,014 megawatt on 6 August 
2026, and surpassing the previous record 21,827 megawatt set just three days 
prior.These record peaks underscore the sustained growth in electricity demand 
across the country.
...total electricity units sold grew by 8%year-on-year. This growth was anchored by the 
commercial sector, which now comprise 39% of the total sales volume.Commercial 
demand expanded by 13.7%year-on-year, driven by data centers, shopping malls, 
businesses and accommodation-related services.So, looking specifically at the data 
center on-year, surging from 1-point terawatt hour to 4 terawatt 
hour.Furthermore, load ramp- predictable volume scaling.While data centers represent 
our fastest growing load category, they currently account for relatively small 6% of total 
sales, highlighting the underlying diversification and resilience of our broader customer 
base.
Johor is actually the biggest data center clusters actually in the world, whereas Malaysia 
is actually one of the top 10 data centers clusters actually around the world. That augurs 
well when it comes to data centers business coming to Malaysia.
In the first half of this year, we will commission an additional 30.5 megawatt from Unit 1 
of the Sungai Perak hydro life extension program and our Large Scale Solar project in 
Sabah.Our commissioning trajectory accelerates in 2027, adding nearly 1 gigawatt of RE 
capacity via Nenggiri Hydro and Large Scale Solar 5.And this will be followed by over 3-
gigawatt peak in 2028, anchored predominantly by our flagship NETR 
developments.2030 will mark a pivotal yearas we commercialize our 3-gigawatt of 
diversified capacity spanning solar, hydro and wind assets across both our domestic and 
international portfolios.
And if you look at some of the energy transition project that we are doing.Smart meter, 
which is a key project for us to enable Time of Use for all our customers.Year-to-date,we 
have achieved around 351,000 meters installed.That would be – target this year is 
around 1 million.By the time we finish year-to-date, that is already close to 6 million 
customer having smart meters.
And we are revising our electricity demand growth upward between 5% to 
6%.And this aligns with Malaysia's projected GDP growth of 4% to 5%this year. 
To support this expanding electricity demand, and execute our strategic decarbonization 
commitments, we maintain our total growth CapEx deployment for the year to be 
approximately MYR 18 billion.Of this, MYR 13 billion will be allocated to our core 
regulated business, with the remaining MYR 5 billion will fund for our non-regulated 
growth pillar.
So there's plenty of exciting projects because we see moving forward until 2021, 2022, 
there's a – good growth in total electricity demand, whereas – and what we see 
essentially our existing facility remains the same.All right.So there is a risk now to 
actually plant up quickly in order for us to meet those rise in demand.
...going close to more than 5 gigawatt coming to the system. And that's a good news 
for the industry. That's what I can tell you is for the next three years, projected close to 8 
gigawatt coming from data centers already.
Other
Adecoagro: ...because of El Niño, we are also seeing a recovery on the price of 
rice...So, in general, El Niño, for us, is a positive scenario. On top of that, the needs of 
urea are higher in the whole agriculture of Argentina because of more rains. So, usually, 
the consumption of urea in the whole country is higher because of El Niño projection.
APR Co Ltd: And there is an increase in sales in Europe. And to respond to this demand, 
majority of the shipments are made through airfreight. And major reason is that there 
are disruptions in ocean freight. So, we're looking for alternative sea routes, but 
nevertheless, to provide stock to Europe, we will have to continue to utilize airfreight.
And for the European market, the Suez Canal. Because the Suez Canal is also blocked, 
now it is taking double the time over the ocean to reach Europe. 
First of all, about the airfreight, then yes, compared to last year, we would say that it is 


[Page 19]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 19
about 10 times higher this year. And this time, it's not the cost recognition, but then 
just in terms of the Q2, airfreight actual than it is close to KRW 30 billion, which is highly 
abnormal and that is why we call this onetime cost or one-off cost.
Archer Daniels Midland: In CARB Solutions, ethanol production rose in a strong 
margin environment, and we sequestered 337,000 metric tons of carbon this quarter.
...weather across the world is threatening some crops.
Burlington Stores: Over the last few years, the rising cost of living has made life 
difficult for many moderate and low income families. 
And all the commentary that we see and hear right now suggests that shoppers are 
under a lot of pressure.
Coca-Cola Bottlers Japan: As a new product, we will launch Georgia Café Water, a 
coffee taste drink with our coffee beans in September. Designed to address future coffee 
supply risk caused by climate change. This project leverages Coca-Cola's proprietary 
technology to minimize bitterness and astringency making it easy to drink in large cups 
gulps while still offering the aroma and flavor characteristics of coffee, which will be a 
new value proposition.
d'Alba Global: ... this oil situation also has caused the inventory shortage for 
polypropylene-based sunscreen tubes, which limited our ability to optimally respond to 
fast-growing sunscreens for Korea, Japan and Russia.
De'Longhi SpA: Comfort achieving strong double-digit growth, bolstered by high 
seasonal temperatures across continental Europe. 
I have to say that the very high temperatures in Europe have probably shifted some of 
the purchases from certain traditional kitchen appliances into comfort for a few weeks, 
really, the heat has been so strong.
About air conditioning, I would say that Europe is stock out and we cannot expect 
further benefits in July. 
FUJIFILM: Global demand for data-center capacity remains extremely strong. Against 
that backdrop, data tape is gaining increasing attention as a highly secure solution for 
long-term data archiving. Part of the demand reflects the current tight supply of memory 
chips, but the more structural driver is that customers no longer want to rely solely on 
semiconductor memory or disk-based storage for archiving. They are increasingly 
adopting data tape because it offers higher security and significantly better energy 
efficiency.
Gap Inc: On a unit basis, inventory was up 4%, reflecting higher in-transit inventory 
largely tied to geopolitical disruptions.
Godrej Consumer Products: We remain mindful that El Niño conditions can 
heighten weather volatility across our key markets, with the potential to 
disrupt agricultural output and rural demand.
...there are positives and negatives to El Niño. Firstly, in Indonesia, we expect a strong 
positive on Household Insecticide. In India, probably quarter two – quarter one was 
already – June was terrible for Household Insecticide...Household Insecticide, if you have 
a drier monsoon will get affected. But it's likely also to be a warmer winter, which will 
positively affect HI. 
we experienced significant input cost inflation and instability with LPG prices going up 
3x and similar increases in other costs. This especially impacted India, where the cost 
impact was close to 6% on the business. Despite this, we delivered a double-digit 
EBITDA growth. While prices have cooled off from the highs, going ahead, we anticipate 
volatility to remain, with both crude and palm being unstable and El Niño impacting 
demand across a few categories.
Hanon Sytems: The electrification business represented 31% of total revenue, 
supported by increased supply to European customers Leveraging a diversified product 
portfolio covering internal combustion engine vehicles, hybrids, and battery electric 
vehicles, Hanon Systems continues to respond effectively to changing market conditions 
and evolving global demand for electrified mobility solutions.


[Page 20]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 20
Helen of Troy: ...the Canada wildfires have been a benefit to our filtration 
business...And then, the heat waves that have kind of...been across the United States 
for almost the whole summer, it feels like very beneficial to our fan business as well. 
Hindustan Unilever: And therefore, and plus, when you see the rainfall progression as 
of now, because this monsoon is important, it started with a huge deficit, but now -- it 
has now actually increased, and therefore, the deficit is now only 15% of the overall. As 
long as the deficit remains between 15% to 20%, we do not see any meaningful 
impact on the Indian economy.
Ingredion: ...Inflation remained a key area of focus, with weather-related risks, 
including the potential emergence of El Niño conditions, warranting close monitoring.
...due to the dry conditions in Thailand, we have seen really record tapioca 
prices.
JM Smucker: We are actively managing and monitoring the impacts, the potential 
impact of the El Niño, particularly within our green coffee commodity.
Kagome: While it remains to be seen whether this is due to the super El Niño or climate 
change, in that sense, natural phenomena for agriculture or climate change is, to some 
extent, an inevitable part of the business. I believe that our ability to effectively diversify 
against these risks is a key strength of our global operations.
Lindt & Sprüngli: We can see it now with certain food ingredients, for example, in next 
years, also driven by El Niño. If it happens, especially if it's strong El Niño, we will see 
a lot of food inflation outside of cocoa.
The Cocoa Futures market has been highly volatile, with a sharp decline earlier in the 
year, followed by a strong rebound in recent weeks. This recent increase is largely driven 
by weather-related concerns, particularly the potential impact of El Niño and ongoing 
uncertainty around crop developments in key producing regions such as West Africa.
Magazine Luiza: And again, for the upcoming months, we're very confident because 
we should go back to growing online with our partner platforms and we will have El 
Nino this year. The warm weather makes a big difference for us because that line 
of air conditioning really moves the needle, also refrigeration. And when the 
weather is warmer, this helps us. 
Mahindra & Mahindra: The third is the deficit in rainfall was really bad as we were into 
June. It's come down significantly from then to what is now at a 15% deficit. 
Reservoir levels are 7% below LPA, but have recovered from where they were...Kharif 
sowing has accelerated significantly after the rains have started over the last three, four 
weeks. And at the moment, the shortfall over last year is a little over 4%, which is not 
too bad for this time of the year...So overall, we see many factors beyond the negatives 
that we may be hearing about El Niño, which makes us believe that the sentiment on the 
ground or the reality on the ground right now is not as bad. 
Minerva: There will be El Niño. You know how that affects droughts in Australia. There 
may be a cattle – because of the weather or decrease in production. So on average, we 
believe 2027 will be very close to 2026. But given weather conditions and the livestock 
cycle, which differs from region to region, supply of beef may be even more restricted 
and benefit South America.
Mondelez: ...the current reaction in the market price of cocoa is due to three elements. 
It is the pop counts that is a little bit below the average. But quite frankly, that is driven 
by what happened to the mid-crop that was exceptionally good. There is a short 
squeeze, so specs covering their positions, and that drove, again, support to the price, 
and clearly, El Niño.
So even acknowledging the uncertainty around cocoa for 2027, pop counts El Niño, et 
cetera, I think the structural position in cocoa is much better than 2024. 
In Europe, results were generally in line with our expectations, as volume and share 
showed signs of improvement but are still impacted by some elasticities and an 
unprecedented heat wave.
Volume/mix declined 1.6%, primarily due to the heatwave impact in Europe along with 
select product downsizing actions and timing of Easter shipments.


[Page 21]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 21
Panasonic Holdings: For cell production, we are converting our production lines in 
Japan from automotive application and also plan to start the mass production of cells at 
the Kansas factory in fiscal 2029. 
Pilgrim's Pride Corp: We're also seeing a little bit of a warm weather which typically 
impact the growth of the birds, especially now in July, August. 
Raízen: On the weather front, the stronger effects of El Niño brought above-average 
rainfall for this time of year, which had a direct impact on this quarter's crushing 
due to the disruptions to harvesting operations. 
Renault: Together EV full hybrid E-Tech electrified vehicles represent two-third of 
Renault brand sales in Europe...
Samsung Electronics: On the environmental front, we continued to secure 
renewable energy by signing several key PPAs for major global sites.
...with the surge in AI tokens expected to drive exponential demand over the mid to long 
term, customers who want to secure substantial AI service infrastructure are increasingly 
approaching us for multiyear supply. 
Samsung SDI: First, in the ESF market, in the US, driven by the expansion of renewable 
energy and increasing investment in AI data centers, demand for utility, ESF and UPS is 
showing sharp growth.
In the US renewable power generation, particularly solar and wind, continues to 
expand amid rising electricity demand and improving economy. And this is 
driving steady growth in ESF demand to manage interest intermittency and 
support grid stability.
Beyond renewable energy application, ESS is increasingly being used as critical 
infrastructure to stabilize easing power grids and facilitate smooth grid 
interconnection. 
Driven by the expansion of AI data centers we expect battery sales from both UPS and 
BBU applications to grow by more than 70% Y-o-Y this year, because UPS and BBU 
batteries serve as backup power sources for data centers.
EV sales in Europe are growing rapidly year-over-year supported by reinstatement of 
subsidies in major market, persistently high oil prices and new platform launches by 
leading OEMs. EV penetration is expected to rise from below 20% last year to mid-20% 
range this year and high 30% range by 2030. Accordingly, EV battery demand is 
projected to grow at a CAGR of around 15% through 2030. On the order front, the key 
trends are emerging among European OEM. First, as they develop next generation 
platforms, the increasing its favor prismatic batteries for their structural safety and 
suitability for larger, higher capacity cell and sales subpack technology. Second, growing 
demand for locally produced batteries in Europe is creating more opportunities for it. 
Sao Martinho: ...if El Niño remains very strong, my cost for TRS will be higher. 
 I think speaking about the mix, it has more to do with the fact that if the mills can 
produce more sugar than ethanol, the volume of sugarcane is higher today than what 
the mills can produce. And there is also the issue of availability of crushing days. What 
will happen from now on is, okay, it's dry, can you crush? Then the mill will try to process 
as much sugarcane as possible and it will produce as much as they can. So I will say that 
with the current TRS we can not have a max of sugar mix because TRS is very low. 
Therefore efficiency levels are much lower. But of course that if the premium is 25% for 
sugar and with the current volume of ethanol in stock and prices where they stand, I 
mean, whoever can do more will do more. But the question is, is it possible? I think from 
what we are seeing, it's not possible. They won't be able to produce a lot more sugar. It 
will – the level will be much lower than the initial estimates, about 2 million below the 
the current estimates. But we still have some time ahead of us. But if we look at the 
estimates of a super El Niño and a lot of rainfall and if this is confirmed, just 
forget about it, we won't have all that sugar. 
I have a lower TRS and I also have more inefficiencies because of the stop and go of 
stop and go due to climate issues, something that is out of my control since I cannot 
control and I don't know how this will continue going forward, it's very difficult for me 
to say whether this will go to five or three in terms of cost reductions.
SLC Agricola: ...this year, we have the forecast of very strong El Niño. And this, of 
course, causes a concentration of rainfall in the south of Brazil and more droughts in the 


[Page 22]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 22
central north. 
Also, the planting window requires adjustment. So in Bahia, we plant cotton in 
December. This year, we have to plant sooner because if there is a shortage of rainfall, 
the crop will have developed enough to avoid greater damage. So, we'll adjust the 
planting windows. Also to mitigate the effect of an Indian summer in the middle of the 
cycle that could lead to crop failure.
So, polyester is the top competitor for cotton. And the fiber that grows the most in the 
world is polyester because it's cheaper. So, the fact that polyester has appreciated is 
something that supports cotton prices. So, this is a very important driver. With 
the conflict, cotton is favored. And then, we have the market. In United States, the crop 
is smaller, in India as well. In Australia, they don't want to plant it anymore 
because there is no water. So, the El Niño is actually positive for us. Australia had 
planted 650,000 hectares of cotton. And now in March and April, they harvested 
470,000 hectares of (00:42:36). And next cycle, they will probably reduce this to 
325,000 hectares because only if their reservoirs are full, they will plant cotton. This is 
what we saw in April in Australia. This is the consequence of El Niño. El Niño is driving a 
reduction of area in Australia. So therefore, this is a scenario in which we – well, 
production of cotton is not meeting the demand. 
SoftBank Group: In United States, if we try to address the data center project or if we 
try to do in Japan, because data center consume a huge volume of power. So, you also 
need to build power generation plant at the same time, which means you need double 
the size of CapEx. But in France, compared to the rest of the world, they have a 
very unique advantage, which is that they are actually the exporting country of 
the power, so that they have actually – they can provide the power to the data 
center use without causing any impact to the French citizens.
Tata Consumer Products: Number two, in terms of El Niño, I think we did see the effect 
in terms of a delayed monsoon and then very erratic monsoon...If the single biggest 
impact of El Niño would be on tea, if it happens, and if it happens, prices go up, we will 
take up pricing to maintain margins. 
Tripadvisor: During the first half of 2026, specifically beginning in late February and 
throughout March, the conflict in the Middle East, severe flooding in Hawaii and civil 
unrest in Mexico, two key destination markets, as well as weather-related events and 
travel conditions throughout May and June within Europe and the U.S., had an 
adverse impact on our Experiences business. 
UACJ: The second issue is electricity. In the US, there is a shortage of electricity for 
everything, and the Japanese government's ¥80 trillion funding is reported to be used to 
build two or three power plants. However, even if they spend that much money to build 
power plants, data centers will probably take up most of that electricity. So 1 gigawatt-
level power supply will be needed. You need more than 1 gigawatt to run a smelter, but 
there are technical and fundamental challenges in managing the electricity. 
Varun Beverages: As an industry base and we are seeing good growth in terms of 
where we are apart from April, where the El Nino effect was there heavily. 
Now, if you see 2025, 2026 this year as well, because of El Niño effect, May is not 
contributing 15%.
Wesfarmers: In chemicals, earnings decreased on the prior year due to the rapid rise in 
ammonia index pricing following escalation of the Middle East conflict. Given the price 
lag in sales contracts, this significantly impacted earnings in the second half but will 
provide a benefit as index prices normalize into the 2027 financial year.
See France's low-carbon electricity 
surplus: a strategic asset?


[Page 23]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 23
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Insurance
We have been watching the juxtaposition of climate and insurance closely, and are 
particularly interested in 2nd or 3rd order impacts (eg, mortgage implications, 
policy price inflation, etc). See our 2026 Outlook.
American International Group: In Global Specialty, we are closely watching the 
energy and aviation markets, where we are seeing pricing that we believe does not 
fully reflect heightened exposure in the Middle East conflict and recent large 
industry losses.
... political violence and terrorism rates increased in the second quarter, driven by the 
elevated risk exposure associated with the broader conflict. For example, our political 
violence pricing increased 9% in the second quarter compared to a decrease of 8% in 
the first quarter. We are also seeing broader demand for these products as clients 
sharpen their focus on risk mitigation and protection.
Arch Capital Group: I think the industry in general is still around $3 billion for the 
Middle East war losses.
Aviva: Now, while first half weather experience was favorable, you'll have seen in the 
news since the end of June, there have been a number of weather events across 
Canada. And although it's still early days, we now expect to be above our weather 
budget for the quarter. 
BB Seguridade Participacoes: For 2026, in terms of El Niño, we don't really see much 
of an impact this year. We see the risk is covered. The first crop has been harvested, corn. 
So, it's really almost fully harvested. Now, depending on the severity of the impact and 
how it may affect the replanting of the soy. So, we should look at the rainfalls, especially 
during planting, September and November this year. So, the amount of rainfall and too 
much rainfall may delay the planting of soybean and may affect the crop next year. And 
then if planting soybean is delayed and then the harvesting of soybean is further ahead, 
thereby compressing the planting and the interim crop. So it's going to be later, the off 
season crop with incidents of frosts and they have potential impact in the loss ratio in the 
second and third quarters of 2027. It's not certain. So this year for 2026, a very limited 
effect and for 2027, in the second crop. So potentially and we need to observe the level 
of rainfall between September and November this year.
China Pacific Insurance: For auto insurance, new energy vehicle insurance supported 
our premium growth.
I believe the biggest challenge for P&C company is climate. Climate change, 
uncertainty of climate risk. For example, El Niño effect. 
By leveraging our own risk radar, in the first half of this year, we have served more than 
100,000 customers in terms of offering them anti-flood services. We better reduced this 
kind of flood risk and offset this kind of impact from extreme weather events.
Credicorp: Peru's economy remained resilient in the second quarter of the year, with 
GDP estimated to have grown by around 3% year-over-year. Robust domestic demand, 
supported by historically high terms of trade, employment gains and ongoing business 
cycle momentum helped offset a sharp contraction in primary activities.  Primary GDP is 
estimated to have fallen by nearly 5% year-over-year, marking its steepest decline since 
2014 excluding the pandemic as El Niño-related disruptions weighted on fishing, 
agriculture, and primary manufacturing.
Definity Financial Corp: I'll keep really my comments to Q2 specifically around the CAT 
activity countrywide. And it was more of a flooding event across the board than it really 
was a wildfire event. As you've pointed out, the wildfires, although many of them, were 
more in the northerly areas and less populated areas. So from an insurance perspective, 
they have been less impactful.
Grupo Cibest: ...the risk of a severe El Niño event poses additional upside pressures on 
energy and food prices as well as on inflation expectations.


[Page 24]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 24
HDB Financial Services: Supply-chain challenges that might arise from the ongoing 
West Asia conflict and El Nino-related risks remain a key monitorable. 
HDFC Life Insurance: El Niño also remains a factor we are tracking, though we do not 
see this as a broad-based risk at this stage. 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance: ...the impact of El Niño conditions on the monsoon 
and continuing geopolitical tensions are a risk, which may influence growth 
momentum. 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance: Inflation remained a key area of focus, with 
weather-related risks, including the potential emergence of El Niño conditions, 
warranting close monitoring. 
Insurance Australia Group: Property, we continue to see property inflationary 
challenges and that's not really driven by the industry, it's driven by the challenges of 
our country on repair costs, access to labor, building materials. So there's just 
inflationary pressure in the system. That's right. We definitely have greater incidents 
of water damage. And then the standard to which we were repairing some of that, 
particularly anything to do with mold, has increased. And that's not just an IAG 
comment, that's an industry comment. So, the sort of – and then sort of throw in, just 
generally, we're going to see – we're seeing more perils and more events.
Intact Financial: The combined ratio of 103% included 22 points of CAT losses in the 
quarter. This is a reminder of the impact on industry profitability from severe weather 
events.
IRB Brasil Resseguros: Now, as for El Niño, meteorological institutes are pointing to a 
high probability of high intensity events occurring in the next few months. If this is 
confirmed, we expect to see an increase in rainfall in the south and part of the 
southeast, whereas the north and northeast should record low – historical, low levels of 
rainfall.
Lancashire Holdings: A number of specialty insurance classes, we've seen increased 
demand for cover and significantly higher pricing for war-related exposures, 
resulting in some additional premium opportunities. 
Mapfre: El Niño could change a bit what's going to happen with prices in the second 
part of the year.
What we know so far is that El Niño has a high probability of having a high impact.
Pelagos Insurance Capital: Marine political risk and political violence all saw increased 
demand because of elevated geopolitical uncertainty during the quarter, particularly 
across the Middle East, where disruption to trade flows and heightened conflict-related 
risks resulted in strong demand and favorable pricing.
Ping An Insurance: More interestingly, if we look at the car owner of NEV, the average 
age of NEV car owner is generally 2.5 years younger than the total, which 
means by way of differentiation, by innovative product and service were able 
to acquire more young customer, achieving top of mind among young audience, 
which is great to improve the customer potential.
QBE Insurance Group: We're pleased with the underwriting result, demonstrating 
resilience in what was another heavy CAT half with significant bushfires in January and 
numerous storm and flooding events.
RenaissanceRe: There has been much discussion regarding to what extent potentially 
historic El Niño may influence the hurricane season. This is not how we think about 
underwriting risk, however. We have built a portfolio to perform across a range of 
outcomes rather than one that depends on a benign season.
The war has returned to an active phase, with attacks on shipping and infrastructure in 
the region. We are aware of assets that have been impacted and believe any impact 
would be covered in our current reserves, but we'll continue to monitor the situation 


[Page 25]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 25
closely, as facts on the ground could change rapidly.
WR Berkley: I think we're going through a period of time where mother nature is lulling 
the property market into a false sense of comfort. And this will go on perhaps for some 
period of time, and then once again the industry will learn the hard way.


[Page 26]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 26
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Climate change
Updates:

Press article refers to interruptions to nuclear output as a result of a jellyfish swarm. 

"As of August 25, 2026, 47.56% of the United States and Puerto Rico and 
56.61% of the Lower 48 states are in drought", see update here.

Heatwaves and severe drought have impacted large areas of France this summer, 
prompting water restrictions. 

Hungary’s lake Velence and Waal river, Rhine’s largest Dutch distributary  
experiencing  record-low water levels due to prolonged dry conditions. Also 
"exceptionally low water levels along sections of four of Europe's largest rivers: 
the Loire near Saumur in France, the Po near Cremona in Italy, the Rhine near 
Boppard in Germany, and the Danube near Paks in Hungary", see Copernicus 
update here.

"The 2025 edition of the BAMS State of the Climate report – published by the 
American Meteorological Society (AMS) - shows that many climate metrics are 
deteriorating in line with the ongoing increasing concentration of greenhouse 
gases in the atmosphere...For the 38th year in succession, glaciers on average lost 
more ice in summer than they gained in winter. This negative mass balance makes 
glaciers thinner and shorter. Since 1976, around 9000Gt of water has been lost 
from glaciers, and 41% of this loss has been over the last decade." See MetOffice 
press release. 

Press article refers to a massive glacial collapse as the cause of Nepal's flash flood, 
related see Copernicus update here. Also, iceberg drifts off  western Greenland 
and glacier retreat in the Italian Alps. 
Wildfires: 
"Wildfire emissions have significantly increased in some regions...as seasonal fires start 
to increase in Indonesia, and are expected to be enhanced by El Niño. Wildfires in North 
America and Eurasia sent thick columns of smoke around the Northern Hemisphere, 
including the Arctic, which also experienced well above average fire emission for the 
period. Meanwhile in western Europe, after the extreme wildfires that hit France and 
Spain, fires of unprecedented intensity for such latitudes in Europe burnt thousands of 
hectares, in particular, in Belgium and western Germany. Significant fires were also 
detected in Greece, and in the Balkans and the Iberian Peninsula." See Copernicus 
update here.
Indonesia is impacted by severe wildfires, smoke has drifted across nearby areas of 
Southeast Asia, including Malaysia, where worsening air quality has led to school 
closures.


[Page 27]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 27
Figure 1: Wildfire smoke spreads across Southeast Asia
Wildfire smoke spreads across Southeast Asia
Source: European Union, Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service Data. Note: This visualisation, based on 
Copernicus Atmosphere Monitoring Service (CAMS) data and generated with the newly released Fire Emissions 
Watch App, shows the smoke plumes across Indonesia, Malaysia, and surrounding areas on 25 August 2026. 
Darker purple areas indicate where larger amounts of smoke were present in the atmosphere. Link.
Floods: 
"A severe flash flood struck northern Nepal on 26 August 2026, entering Rasuwa 
District from the Tibet side and travelling downstream through the Bhote Koshi–Trishuli 
river system. The flood caused widespread damage to settlements and critical 
infrastructure, including roads, bridges, and hydropower facilities", see here.  "Initial 
assessments indicate that the partial collapse of a high-altitude glacier triggered a large 
avalanche of ice and rock. The material descended approximately 1,200 metres into the 
Lhende River basin within seconds, generating a powerful flow of water, mud, and 
debris downstream", see here.


[Page 28]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 28
Figure 2: Nepal flash flood
Nepal flash flood
Source: European Union, Copernicus Sentinel-2 imagery. Note: This comparison of images acquired by one of the 
Copernicus Sentinel-2 satellites shows the area around Betrawati and Gerkhu before and after the event. On 12 
August 2026, the river followed a relatively narrow channel through densely vegetated hills. By 27 August 2026, 
the river course appeared markedly wider, with extensive pale brown sediment deposits visible. Link.
Global sea surface temperature:
"The daily global average sea surface temperature (SST) has reached its highest level on 
record, exceeding the previous record set in March 2024. The Copernicus Climate 
Change Service (C3S) confirmed the record, with a temperature of 21.1°C on 22 
August, exceeding the previous record of 21.09°C...this milestone is consistent with the 
continued long-term warming of the global ocean and the emergence of an extreme El 
Niño event in the tropical Pacific.", see Copernicus update here. "Marine heatwave 
conditions have been affecting the western Mediterranean Sea and parts of the north-
eastern Atlantic through the summer of 2026", see here.


[Page 29]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 29
Figure 3: Daily averages of global mean sea surface temperature
Daily averages of global mean sea surface temperature
Source: Copernicus Climate Change Service (C3S), European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts 
(ECMWF). Hersbach, H., Bell, B., Berrisford, P., Biavati, G., Horányi, A., Muñoz Sabater, J., Nicolas, J., Peubey, C., 
Radu, R., Rozum, I., Schepers, D., Simmons, A., Soci, C., Dee, D., Thépaut, J-N. (2023): ERA5 hourly data on single 
levels from 1940 to present, DOI: 10.24381/cds.adbb2d47. (2023): ERA5 monthly averaged data on single levels 
from 1940 to present, DOI: 10.24381/cds.f17050d7. Copernicus Climate Change Service (C3S) Climate Data 
Store (CDS). (Accessed on 31-AUG-2026). Link
Figure 4: Daily averages of global mean air temperature
Daily averages of global mean air temperature
Source: Copernicus Climate Change Service (C3S), European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts 
(ECMWF). Hersbach, H., Bell, B., Berrisford, P., Biavati, G., Horányi, A., Muñoz Sabater, J., Nicolas, J., Peubey, C., 
Radu, R., Rozum, I., Schepers, D., Simmons, A., Soci, C., Dee, D., Thépaut, J-N. (2023): ERA5 hourly data on single 
levels from 1940 to present, DOI: 10.24381/cds.adbb2d47. (2023): ERA5 monthly averaged data on single levels 
from 1940 to present, DOI: 10.24381/cds.f17050d7. Copernicus Climate Change Service (C3S) Climate Data 
Store (CDS). (Accessed on 31-AUG-2026). Link


[Page 30]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 30
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Regulatory & policy developments
EMEA
Country/ 
Region
Institution
Regulation / 
Policy
Summary
Status
EU
European 
Commission
Sustainable 
batteries
"Under the Batteries Regulation, several categories of batteries 
will have to contain a certain percentage of recycled metals to 
be allowed to be placed on the EU market. In particular, the 
Regulation sets recycled content targets for lithium, cobalt, 
nickel and lead. Two sets of targets will apply from 2031 and 
2036, respectively."
Draft 
proposal
EU
European 
Commission
Green-listing 
certain waste
"This initiative implements the new Waste Shipments 
Regulation and complements the objectives of the future 
Circular Economy Act. It will consider certain waste as green-
listed and may also introduce contamination thresholds so that 
other types of waste can be green-listed."
Draft 
proposal
EU
European 
Commission
Noise at EU 
Airports
"The Regulation’s aim is to provide a framework for noise 
management to increase the sustainability of air transport 
while ensuring that the economic impact of measures on all 
stakeholders is taken into account."
Consultati
on
UK
Government
PFAS Plan
"The 
revised 
Environmental 
Improvement 
Plan 
2025 
announced a commitment to take action on per- and 
polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), commonly known as ‘forever 
chemicals’. This included the publication of a PFAS Plan in 
2026. The plan sets out the government’s overall approach to 
this issue, with actions across 3 main sections: 1) understanding 
PFAS sources; 2) tackling PFAS pathways; 3) reducing ongoing 
exposure to PFAS."
Update
UK
Government
Zero Emission 
Vehicle (ZEV) 
mandate
"...seeks views on the operation of the Vehicle Emissions 
Trading Schemes (VETS) Order, known as the ZEV Mandate, as 
part of the government’s commitment to reviewing the VETS 
order by early 2027."
Consultati
on
UK
Government
Digital Waste 
Tracking
"…plan to introduce mandatory digital waste tracking across 
the UK...outlines our policy including: 1) the benefits of the 
change; 2) how the service is being developed; 3) the expected 
delivery timelines."
Update


[Page 31]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 31
AMER
Country/ 
Region
Institution
Regulation / 
Policy
Summary
Status
Californi
a
California 
Energy 
Commission 
(CEC)
Replacement Tire 
Efficiency Program 
(RTEP)
"The California Energy Commission (CEC) approved the 
Replacement Tire Efficiency Program (RTEP), the nation’s first 
efficiency standards for replacement tires sold for passenger 
vehicles and light-duty trucks in California. The tires that come 
on new cars are typically designed to give drivers better fuel 
mileage. But average replacement tires are less efficient, 
meaning that consumers often lose mileage and range when 
they replace their tires. These cost-saving standards are 
designed to ensure that replacement tires are at least as energy 
efficient, on average, as tires sold on new vehicles. "
Update
New 
Jersey
New Jersey 
Board of Public 
Utilities 
(NJBPU) 
State Energy 
Storage Proposal
"The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU) has released a 
Straw Proposal for Phase 2, Block 1 of the Garden State Energy 
Storage Program (GSESP). The Straw Proposal outlines the 
proposed design for the GSESP’s “Distributed Storage Capacity 
Block 1,” which will consist of approximately 150 MW of 
energy storage statewide and provides options to expand new 
behind-the-meter residential battery storage for New Jersey. 
The proposal is part of New Jersey’s effort to meet its goal of 
2,000 MW of energy storage by 2030. Residential battery 
storage provides backup power for residents during outages as 
well as supports the electric grid during periods of high 
demand or grid stress. Home batteries are safe, reliable tools 
that can store energy for residents’ use on demand."
Update
US
U.S. 
Environmental 
Protection 
Agency (EPA)
Strengthen 
Drinking Water 
Systems
"U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released an 
important guidance document for state partners that are 
working to ensure public water systems are meeting drinking 
water standards. EPA has developed this guidance document to 
help state agencies identify, track, and address systemic issues. 
Systemic issues are problems that could eventually lead to a 
disruption of water services if a failure were to occur. These 
challenges could include demand in source water nearing 
capacity, malfunctioning treatment equipment, or frequent 
water main breaks."
Guidance
US
U.S. 
Environmental 
Protection 
Agency (EPA)
Reduce Lead 
Exposure in 
Drinking Water, 
Protect American 
Children
"U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released 
guidance to help drinking water systems that are working to 
keep their communities safe from lead. This guidance advances 
the agency’s commitment to clear and plain language 
communication while sharing information, definitions, and 
useful examples to help water systems comply with lead pipe 
replacement requirements of the Lead and Copper Rule."
Guidance
US
U.S. 
Environmental 
Protection 
Agency (EPA)
Review of Fluoride 
under the Safe 
Drinking Water 
Act
"U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced the 
next step in its review of public health risks linked to fluoride in 
drinking water: the release of the Protocol for Developing the 
Fluoride Human Health Toxicity Assessment. EPA’s assessment 
of fluoride under the SDWA will consider neurodevelopmental 
effects in children (e.g., negative effects on brain function, 
including lower IQ). EPA’s assessment will also consider the 
negative health effects of dental fluorosis (e.g., discoloration 
and pitting of tooth enamel) in children. The agency will 
develop a human health toxicity assessment examining how 
much exposure to fluoride causes these negative health 
effects."
Update


[Page 32]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 32
APAC
Country/ 
Region
Institution
Regulation / 
Policy
Summary
Status
Australia
Department of 
Climate 
Change, 
Energy, the 
Environment 
and Water
Australian Fuel 
Security and 
Resilience Package
"...consulting on 3 key measures in the Package: 1) The $3.2 
billion Australian Fuel Security Reserve (AFSR). The AFSR is a 
government-controlled 1 billion litre strategic fuel reserve that 
focuses on diesel and jet fuel. 2) Increasing the Minimum 
Stockholding Obligation (MSO) held by industry by a further 10 
days for diesel, petrol and jet fuel. 3) Supporting our 2 domestic 
refineries to continue operating in the decade beyond 2030."
Consultati
on
China
Ministry of 
Natural 
Resources
Climate resilience 
against geological 
hazards
"China has unveiled a five-year action plan to bolster 
geological disaster prevention across the country from 2026 to 
2030, with a focus on strengthening climate resilience and 
enhancing grassroots response capabilities…The plan, issued 
by the Ministry of Natural Resources, includes relocating 
50,000 households from high-risk areas, carrying out 
engineering projects at more than 4,200 sites prone to 
geological disasters and eliminating safety hazards at more 
than 6,100 sites. It calls for intensified risk surveys, monitoring 
and early warning systems amid climate change, and stresses 
the need to study disaster mechanisms triggered by extreme 
rainfall, rapid weather swings and abrupt drought-flood 
alternations."
Action 
plan
China
National 
Development 
and Reform 
Commission 
and the 
National 
Energy 
Administration
Modern coal 
industry by 2030
"China aims to establish a modern coal industry system by 
2030 as the country seeks to balance energy security with 
green transition...The plan by the National Development and 
Reform Commission and the National Energy Administration, 
said China will accelerate the optimization and upgrading of its 
coal industry structure during the 15th Five-Year Plan period 
(2026-2030) as the country's coal consumption is expected to 
peak. It calls for higher access standards for coal resource 
development, greater efforts to develop advanced production 
capacity, the orderly phase-out of outdated and inefficient 
capacity, and a prudent approach to the exploitation of deep 
coal resources."
Action 
plan
China
Ministry of 
Ecology and 
Environment, 
the Ministry of 
Natural 
Resources and 
other 
departments
Strengthen 
ecological 
protection
"China will step up efforts to strengthen ecological 
conservation during the 2026-2030 period as it continues to 
pursue green modernization...The plan, jointly issued by the 
Ministry of Ecology and Environment, the Ministry of Natural 
Resources and other departments, said China aims to steadily 
improve the quality of its ecosystems, enhance ecosystem 
diversity, stability and resilience, and better safeguard the 
country's ecological security. The plan also sets specific targets 
for the period, including keeping the proportion of land area 
covered by protected areas at no less than 18 percent of the 
country's total land area and raising the Ecological Quality 
Index (EQI) to 86.5. It also calls for increasing the soil and water 
conservation rate to above 74 percent and raising the forest 
coverage rate to 25.8 percent."
Action 
plan
China
Government
Sustained air 
quality 
improvement
"China is formulating a new action plan for sustained air 
quality improvement, placing emphasis on higher quality 
standards and more targeted region-specific policies...The plan 
will tighten the concentration limit for PM2.5, with stricter 
limits on other pollutants including PM10, sulfur dioxide and 
nitrogen oxides...the plan seeks to tailor pollution control to 
local conditions. "
Action 
plan
China
National 
Development 
and Reform 
Commission 
and the 
National 
Energy 
Administration
50-pct non-fossil 
power generation 
by 2030
"China aims to raise the share of its electricity generated from 
non-fossil energy sources to 50 percent by 2030, according to a 
newly released national plan outlining the country's power 
sector development for the 2026-2030 period. The five-year 
plan, jointly issued by the National Development and Reform 
Commission and the National Energy Administration, sets out 
the overall roadmap for the country's power sector in the 2026-
2030 period and targets the initial establishment of a new 
power system by 2030. Under the plan, China aims to enable 
the high-level integration of more than 2.8 billion kilowatts of 
new energy capacity into the power grid and build a charging 
infrastructure network capable of supporting over 110 million 
electric vehicles by 2030."
Action 
plan


[Page 33]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 33
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
EMEA Decarb Ideas list 
We partnered with UBS EMEA sector analysts to highlight a group of stocks exposed to 
Europe 's energy transition. 
We structure exposure to transition activities across three buckets, reflecting where 
capital is deployed and where earnings visibility can compound: Low carbon 
(destination), Enablers (build-out) and Transitioners (transformation):

Low carbon: companies with >90% revenue from decarbonised energy output 
(renewable generation and nuclear; selective renewable fuels/hydrogen where it is 
the core output).

Enablers: the broadest opportunity set, driven by bottlenecks and capex (grids, 
interconnection, electrification equipment, flexibility). We only pick companies 
with >10% revenue coming from such activities.

Transitioners: Critical to the investment case, as the highest-emitting sectors 
must decarbonise under the current European regulatory landscape. A meaningful 
share of transition investment is therefore directed toward transforming industrial 
processes and energy systems, not just building new supply.
Based on this framework, we identify a focused list of European equities positioned 
to benefit from the energy transition CAPEX cycle, selected based on three criteria:

1) meaningful exposure to transition-related activities (as defined later in the 
report)

2) analyst conviction - Buy rating

3) Earnings expectations above Benchmark.
Rather than representing a narrow ‘clean energy’ subset, this list aims to capture the 
full breadth of the transition, spanning three low-carbon energy providers, 17 
enabling infrastructure and technologies companies, and 11 high-emitting companies 
undergoing transformation.


[Page 34]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 34
Figure 5: Decarb Ideas List: HOLT CFROI analysis
Decarb 
Ideas 
List: HO
LT CFR
OI anal
ysis
Source: UBS HOLT data as of 31 August 2026, UBS analysis. HOLT is a corporate performance and valuation service of UBS. Note: Novonesis has been removed from the 
EMEA Decarbonisation Ideas List following the cessation of UBS research coverage. Stellantis has been removed from EMEA Decarbonization Ideas list following rating 
change. Note: The scenarios described in ESG research product might not necessarily align with the base-case view of UBS’s equity analysts or strategists, given that factors 
discussed may sit outside a typical investment recommendation horizon or may not currently be priceable. Any current rating reference applies to the rating given in the latest 
published UBS research report relating to the relevant company. Such reports are available on UBS Neo. UBS is not providing a new Investment Recommendation or 
confirming its previous Investment Recommendations.


[Page 35]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 35
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
Recent notes
China Sustainability: China Green Export Monthly: July edition
Key Highlights

China's New Three exports (EV, solar, battery) hit another record high at US
$21.8bn in July (+48% YoY/+5% MoM), led by continued strength in batteries 
(+31% YoY/8% MoM) and EVs (+96% YoY/ 7% MoM), while solar exports 
declined (-4% YoY/14% MoM).

Europe strengthened its position as China's largest New Three export 
market, with exports reaching a record US$9.5bn (+61% YoY/+5% MoM), 
equivalent to 44% of the total, the highest mix since 3Q23.

Oceania's recent EV export surge is starting to normalise. Exports reached 
US$1.0bn in July (+159% YoY/-1% MoM), broadly flat since May, and accounted 
for 11% of China's total EV exports.

Electrical equipment exports also reached a record high at US$14.3bn 
(+31% YoY/ flat MoM), reinforcing our view that global grid investment and 
electrification remain structural tailwinds for Chinese equipment suppliers.

We remain positive on China's electrical equipment export outlook despite 
tighter US restrictions, recent derating could create an attractive 
opportunity. The US accounts for only c.9% of China's export in our dataset.
LatAm Grid & Ground: Weekly Newsflow (Luciana Carvalho)
The key theme in the Grid segment this week was the growing need to balance 
renewable expansion with system flexibility in Brazil. Regulatory developments 
continued to advance battery storage adoption, including ongoing discussions around 
the first battery auctions expected for the end of the year. At the same time, Chile's rapid 
deployment of utility-scale storage reinforced the role of batteries in addressing 
curtailment. Meanwhile, concerns over excess daytime generation, solar project 
cancellations and the planned testing of automatic curtailment mechanisms for 
distributed solar generation highlighted the mounting operational constraints facing 
Brazil's power sector as renewable penetration continues to rise, with a continued 
interest for BESS. The Ground segment was dominated by the increasing intersection 
between climate resilience, industrial policy and decarbonization. Preparations for a 
potentially strong El Niño remained a central theme, with authorities expanding 
resilience measures across infrastructure, public administration and energy supply chains 
(see our report on the theme). At the same time, Brazil strengthened support for critical 
minerals. Bioenergy and circular-economy solutions continued to gain momentum, as 
well as growing participation in emissions disclosure programs and renewable-energy 
certificate markets.
North American Energy and Utilities: 2026 Oil & Gas E&P, Utilities, and IPPs - 
Private Company Compendium (Josh Silverstein)
As part of our ongoing commitment to provide investors with a broader view of the 
energy landscape, we are publishing our annual compendium profiling 31 private 
companies across the E&P and Utilities sectors. This compendium follows our June 30th 
profile (note) of 9 emerging companies within the distributed power generation 
industry. Private E&P and Utilities companies provide valuable insight into emerging 
trends and disruptive technologies that can impact public companies as privates can 
potentially operate in more nimble and innovative ways than publics, and may explore 
new developments in their industries. In the E&P sector for example, private companies 
are often the first to develop and prove up new and emerging plays, demonstrating an 
area's potential for hydrocarbon development before public companies become more 
active.
Elevra Lithium: French Canadian lithium (Levi Spry)
We initiated on Elevra (link) in early July as a compelling lithium growth story, with 
production potentially tripling to ~620kt by FY36. While we have since lowered 
spodumene forecasts and now expect a flatter price cycle (UBSe US$2,438/2,500/2,250/
t CY27/28/29e SC6) (link), we remain constructive on lithium demand and expect strong 
margins as ELV invests in NAL growth. Key catalysts include execution of NAL's 3-stage 
expansion: 1) CY27 debottlenecking, 2) expansion to ~338ktpa in CY28, and 3) a CY29 


[Page 36]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 36
crushing circuit upgrade, supporting production growth, lower costs and Moblan de-
risking (upsized scoping study due Dec Q). FY27 guidance was largely as expected, 
though higher sales from inventory drawdown lift our FY27e EPS by 2%, despite higher 
stripping and some capex brought forward decreasing EPS in FY28/29e. We continue to 
like the portfolio optionality and retain a Neutral rating with a A$9.60/sh PT (-4%).
APAC Sustainability: Korea Plants"7 SEED" of Energy Security
Key highlights

Korea launched "7 SEED" programme (Strategic Emerging Engines for Disruptive 
innovation) covering small modular reactors (SMR), fusion, next-gen renewables, 
critical minerals, quantum, aerospace and advanced bio, as future growth engines.

Energy: targets include SMR commercialisation and fusion reactor construction 
by 2035, >35% efficiency perovskite tandem solar cells, 20MW+ offshore wind 
turbines and 50-100MW electrolyser demonstration.

Critical minerals: targets include 20% recycling of 10 minerals (battery 
materials & rare earths) by 2030, expands strategic stockpiles from 24 to 29 
items and raises max. inventories to 365 days.

APAC energy policy is increasingly converging with industrial policy as 
China, Japan, Korea, Australia prioritise energy security, domestic technology and 
supply chain reliance alongside decarbonisation.

We see positive read-through for nuclear/SMR equipment, offshore wind, 
critical-material recycling and power-equipment supply chains, although many of 
the SEED targets remain pre-commercial and earnings impact is likely gradual.


[Page 37]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 37
Global Sustainability
UBS Research
ESG in charts
EMEA Decarb Ideas list performance
See latest update here.
Figure 6: EMEA Decarb Ideas List YTD performance vs Eurostoxx600 
(benchmarked to 1-Jan-2026 price = 100)
EM
EA
 De
car
b I
dea
s L
ist YTD p
erformanc
e vs Euro
stoxx600 
(benchmar
ked to 1-
Jan-2026 
price = 1
00)
Source:  UBS. Benchmark is the Eurostoxx 600. Performance is as at 28/08/2026.
US Decarb Ideas list performance
See latest update here.
Figure 7: UBEQDCRB Index Performance since July 2024
UBEQ
DCRB
 I
nde
x P
erf
orm
ance since July 20 24
Source: Accessed via Bloomberg, UBS. Note: The UBS Trading desk is a separate business to UBS Research and 
does not provide investment research. Performance is as at 28/08/2026.


[Page 38]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 38
Power & energy
Figure 8: Europe Wholesale Electricity Prices: 
Monthly data (Jan-2015 to Jul-2026)
Eu
rop
e W
hol
esa
le 
Ele
ctricity
 Prices:
 Monthly
 data (J
an-2015 
to Jul-2
026)
Source: Ember, UBS analysis 
Figure 9: Wholesale Electricity Prices: Monthly data - 
Key countries
Wh
ole
sal
e E
lec
tri
cit
y Prices
: Monthl
y data -
 Key cou
ntries
Source: Ember, UBS analysis 
Figure 10: UBS Evidence Lab: Global Electricity generation monitor
U
BS
 E
vi
de
nc
e 
La
b:
 Globa
l Elec
tricit
y gene
ration
 monit
or
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, EIA (Jul 2026), underlying data obtained from National Bureau of Statistics.  
(> Access Dataset) 
Figure 11: Share of global electricity generation from 
Solar & Wind (12M rolling average) 
Sh
ar
e 
of
 g
lob
al 
electr
icity 
genera
tion f
rom So
lar & 
Wind (
12M ro
lling 
averag
e)
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, EIA (Jul 2026), underlying data obtained from 
National Bureau of Statistics.(> Access Dataset)
Figure 12: Share of global electricity generation from 
fossil fuels (12M rolling average)
Sha
re 
of 
glo
bal
 el
ectric
ity ge
nerati
on fro
m foss
il fue
ls (12
M roll
ing av
erage)
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, EIA (Jul 2026), underlying data obtained from 
National Bureau of Statistics. (> Access Dataset)


[Page 39]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 39
UBS Research: ESG in charts
Figure 13: Key "7 SEED" targets and global comparison
Key "7 SEED" targets and global comparison
Source: Korea government announcement, UBS. APAC Sustainability: Korea Plants"7 SEED" of Energy Security.
Figure 14: Gas storage utilisation levels in the EU
Gas storage utilisation levels in the EU
Source: AGSI+, UBS. Global Gas: EU storage risks keep building.
Figure 15: Gas storage utilisation levels in the U
Gas storage utilisation levels in the U
Source: EIA, UBS. Global Gas: EU storage risks keep building.


[Page 40]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 40
Figure 16: EU countries’ current storage levelsEU countries’ current storage levels
Source: AGSI+, UBS. Global Gas: EU storage risks keep building.
Figure 17: China New 3 global export monthly 2022-26(USD'm)
China New 3 global export monthly 2022-26(USD m)
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, includes content supplied by S&P Global Limited;Copyright © S&P Global Limited, 
2026. All rights reserved. China Sustainability: China Green Export Monthly: July edition.
Figure 18: China battery export by regions (USD'm)
China battery export by regions (USD m)
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, includes content supplied by S&P Global Limited;Copyright © S&P Global Limited, 
2026. All rights reserved. China Sustainability: China Green Export Monthly: July edition.


[Page 41]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 41
Figure 19: Oil & gas tankers passing through the Strait of Hormuz, in 
number of ships entering and exiting the Gulf
Oil & gas tankers passing through the Strait of Hormuz, in number of ships entering and exiting the Gulf
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, includes content supplied by S&P Global Market Intelligence (Maritime & 
Trade); Copyright © S&P Global Market Intelligence (Maritime & Trade), 2026. All rights reserved. 
Global Oil and Gas: Hormuz tracker: days 180-181.
Figure 20: Oil & gas tankers exiting the Gulf via the Strait of Hormuz, in 
number of shipsOil & gas tankers exiting the Gulf via the Strait of Hormuz, in number of ships
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, includes content supplied by S&P Global Market Intelligence (Maritime & 
Trade); Copyright © S&P Global Market Intelligence (Maritime & Trade), 2026. All rights reserved. 
Global Oil and Gas: Hormuz tracker: days 180-181.
Figure 21: Oil & gas tankers entering the Gulf via the Strait of Hormuz, 
in number of shipsOil & gas tankers entering the Gulf via the Strait of Hormuz, in number of ships
Source: UBS Evidence Lab, includes content supplied by S&P Global Market Intelligence (Maritime & 
Trade); Copyright © S&P Global Market Intelligence (Maritime & Trade), 2026. All rights reserved. 
Global Oil and Gas: Hormuz tracker: days 180-181.
We would like to thank Lavanya Pamidimukkala, our research support service 
professional, for her assistance in preparing this research report.


[Page 42]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 42
*UBS Evidence Lab is a sell-side team of experts that work across numerous specialized labs 
creating insight-ready datasets. The experts turn data into evidence by applying a 
combination of tools and techniques to harvest, cleanse, and connect billions of data items 
each month. Since 2014, UBS Research analysts have utilized the expertise of UBS Evidence 
Lab for insight-ready datasets on companies, sectors, and themes, resulting in the production 
of thousands of differentiated UBS Research reports. UBS Evidence Lab does not provide 
investment recommendations or advice but provides insight-ready datasets for further 
analysis by UBS Research and by clients. All published UBS Evidence Lab content is available 
via UBS Neo. The amount and type of content available may vary. Please contact your UBS 
sales representative if you wish to discuss access.
Global Electricity Generation Monitor  (>Access Dataset)  
This report leverages the following UBS Evidence Lab asset: Global Electricity Generation 
Monitor. UBS Evidence Lab collects time series data from diverse sources including government, 
non-profit organizations, data aggregators and electricity generation / transmission operators 
to develop a unique and comprehensive dataset on energy production trends globally. Each 
data harvest is tested for accuracy and completeness using a proprietary set of data quality 
checks, including data cleansing processes, redundant record removal, data normalization and 
unit conversions, taxonomy verification and geospatial aggregation. The derived metrics can be 
used to understand electric power generation levels and changes over time in source mix from 
which electricity is produced around the globe.
Daily Maritime Trade Disruption Monitor (>Access Dataset)
This report leverages the following UBS Evidence Lab asset: Daily Maritime Trade Disruption 
Monitor. UBS Evidence Lab uses hourly AIS (Automated Information System) data to monitor 
the locations of more than 35,200 commercial maritime vessels sailing around the globe. Each 
ship has a unique identification number (IMO number) which is connected to vessel 
characteristics data including cargo type, size, and capacity in order to calculate the quantity 
and aggregated cargo tonnage (DWT) moving through global maritime points of interest 
(choke points, ports and regions).
China Export Monitor (>Access Dataset)
This report leverages the following UBS Evidence Lab asset: China Export Monitor. UBS Evidence 
Lab leveraged the China export data of selected commodities. Import / Export Tracker monitors 
the international trade of specific goods or commodities using trade statistics from the country's 
customs agency. 


[Page 43]
Global Sustainability 2 September 2026
ab 43
Valuation Method and Risk Statement
The immediate risk in relation to the subject matter covered by UBS's Global Sustainability 
Team arises from a lack of definition in the field, reflected in the many names and acronyms in 
use by practitioners: sustainability; responsible investment (RI); socially responsible investment 
(SRI); ESG (environmental, social and governance) investment; ethical investing, impact 
investing, etc. The field covers a vast range of potential issues and, over time, their 
importance fluctuates. At the time of writing, we believe the issues raised in this research to 
be relevant to investors, but this may change. Additionally, this research should not be read as 
a complete or definitive account of all relevant issues for firms. Although we attempt to 
address all significant or nascent issues, these may not always be apparent, and these may 
change over time.
The HOLT methodology does not assign ratings or a target price to a security. It is an analytical 
tool that involves use of a set of proprietary quantitative algorithms and warranted value 
calculations, collectively called the HOLT valuation model, that are consistently applied to all 
the companies included in its database. The HOLT valuation model is a discounted cash flow 
model. Third-party data (including consensus earnings estimates) are systematically translated 
into a number of default variables and incorporated into the algorithms available in the HOLT 
valuation model. The source financial statement, pricing, and earnings data provided by 
outside data vendors are subject to quality control and may also be adjusted to more closely 
measure the underlying economics of firm performance. These adjustments provide 
consistency when analyzing a single company across time, or analyzing multiple companies 
across industries or national borders.
The default scenario that is produced by the HOLT valuation model establishes a warranted 
price that represents the expected mean value for a security based upon empirically derived 
fade algorithms that forecast a firm's future return on capital and growth rates over an 
extended period of time. As the third-party data are updated, the warranted price updates 
automatically. A company’s future achieved return on capital or growth rate may differ from 
HOLT default forecast. Additional information about the HOLT methodology is available upon 
request.
CFROI, CFROE, HOLT, HOLT Lens, HOLTfolio and “Powered by HOLT” are trademarks or 
registered trademarks of UBS in the United States and other countries. HOLT is a corporate 
performance and valuation service of UBS.
HOLT Business Resilience Dashboard (HBRD) Disclaimer
The HOLT Business Resilience Dashboard (HBRD) is constructed by applying systematic 
processes on publicly available records and third-party data to generate quantitative 
measures. The HBRD consistently assigns scores using a transparent combination of metrics 
and weights across financial, environmental and governance inputs. Individual companies 
can be scored on a global-size and/or region-size relative basis. The HBRD is also translated 
into five textual assessments (e.g. “Highest” or “Lowest”) based on their quintile percentile 
rank. For further details on the HBRD methodology HOLT Business Resilience Primer please 
contact UBS Securities LLC, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, USA, Attention: 
Investment Research. The HBRD does not constitute or imply any endorsement or 
recommendation of any individual company. UBS has not sought to independently verify 
information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or 
warranties as to accuracy, completeness or reliability of such information due to inconsistent 
reporting of data by companies. Additionally, as global laws, guidelines and regulations in 
relation to the tracking and provision of such data are evolving, all such disclosures are made 
on a non-reliance basis and are subject to change. Any figures, values or other data published 
in this report are neither designed nor administered in line with the standards of the IOSCO 
Principles for Financial Benchmarks or the EU Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 or any 
other benchmark related regulatory guidelines and as such you are prohibited from using 
those figures, values or data in a way which would amount to use of a financial benchmark 
under those regimes (or any equivalent rules or regulations in any global jurisdiction).
HOLT transferred to UBS on October 1, 2024 – renamed as UBS HOLT. The UBS HOLT Lens 
website and materials will be transitioning to UBS branding over time, with expected full 
redesign to UBS in time.
