[Page 1]
 
Traders Flock To Bullish Chinese Options Bets As AI 
Alternative 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 07, 2026 - 03:55 AM 
By Charlotte Yang, Bloomberg Markets Live reporter and strategist 
Investors seeking to diversify beyond crowded AI trades in Korea and Japan are increasingly 
seizing on Chinese equity derivatives. 
Trading desks from Barclays to UBS are seeing rising client demand for bullish options and 
swap contracts tied to China’s CSI indexes in recent weeks. Meanwhile, more strategists are 
recommending derivative trades to position for gains, particularly in the mid- and small-cap 
space.  
Key drivers for Chinese stocks include ongoing capital market reforms that support a gradual 
bull market, advances in self reliant technology and an improving earnings outlook across 
hardware sectors, according to BNP Paribas SA and Bank of America. In a recent report 
(available to pro subs), UBS highlighted the CSI 500 as an alternative artificial intelligence bet 
for investors looking to diversify their exposure.  
 
Yet even as optimism creeps back in, traders remain cautious about the nation’s economic 
outlook and government support. The CSI 1000 Index, up after posting its worst monthly loss 


[Page 2]
 
since 2016 in July, is still 16% below its high in May. Meanwhile, implied volatility - the gauge of 
options prices - has slumped back toward its one-year average, making derivative bets more 
appealing.  
“It’s an ideal trade now because people are a bit on edge,” said Lars Naeckter, head of Asia 
Pacific equity-derivatives research at Bank of America. He recommends call spreads on the CSI 
1000. “Rather than piling into cash equities or futures, options make sense, especially when 
pricing is in your favor. At some point, a catalyst will emerge, and it is often cheaper to be 
tactically proactive ahead of a move rather than reactive.” 
At Barclays, the desk is seeing rising client interest in call spreads on onshore indexes, with 
many positioning for a gradual climb rather than a sharp rally. Outperformance trades linked to 
the CSI 300 and CSI 500 indexes are also compelling versus recent history, according to 
Kaanhari Singh, the bank’s head of Asia Pacific equity-flow derivatives sales.  
“We’ve seen growing investor interest in China A-share upside strategies in recent months,” 
Singh said. “Part of this reflects investors looking to diversify sources of equity returns as 
questions emerge around valuations and return expectations in some of the market’s 
most-crowded themes globally.” 
Meanwhile, UBS’s sales and trading desk noted on Aug. 30 that the largest weekly derivatives 
flow in Asia came from bullish bets on China’s CSI indexes. It saw multiple sizable requests for 
long swaps concentrated in the CSI 300 and CSI 500, along with upside option structures. 
 
Source: UBS 
The growing importance of tech in Chinese indexes is helping attract investors as the 
government pushes for the industry’s self-reliance, according to BNP Paribas. It’s become the 
highest-weighted sector for the CSI 300 Index, and it’s increased for the mid- and smaller-cap 
CSI 500 and CSI 1000 gauges.  


[Page 3]
 
In the US, on Friday a trader bought a huge block of bullish calls on the KraneShares CSI China 
Internet Fund, betting it would return to prices seen earlier this year.  
“China onshore offers a very different exposure to AI due to nation’s own ecosystem. So there is 
a natural diversification compared to the global AI trade,” said Jason Lui, BNP Paribas’s head of 
Asia-Pacific equity and derivatives strategy. “Now, having that more well-contained volatility 
profile also encourages more medium-term asset allocation from both domestic and 
international institutional investors.”  
 
