[Page 1]
GS Crook - GS MORNING 1) JPY Spot Colour, 2) GPIF Q&A, 3)
Japan Trade Idea, 4) New Oil Forecasts and 5) Hungary CPI Colour
8 Sep 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FX / Macro Sales
Tue 8 Sep 2026, 5:04am ET
Highlights from GS Research, Trading and Sales: 1) JPY Spot Colour, 2) GPIF Q&A, 3) Japan Trade Idea,
4) New Oil Forecasts and 5) Hungary CPI Colour
1) G10 SPOT TRADING (SHINOTSUKA) – JPY Spot Update
BOTTOM LINE: Expectations for an earlier BOJ rate hike and a faster pace of tightening have helped
ease concerns that the BOJ may fall behind the curve. At the same time, speculation around a potential
GPIF allocation change and the technical break below 155, which had been an important support level,
appear to have accelerated the adjustment of yen short positions.
LOCAL FLOWS: Until recently, 155 had been a firmly supported level even after two rounds of FX
intervention, and it was also seen as an important reference level for domestic importers. However, market
participants’ perception now appears to be changing, against the backdrop of a potential acceleration in the
BOJ’s rate hike cycle and speculation around a GPIF allocation change. As a result, while importer USD-
buying demand likely remains, they may no longer feel the same urgency to cover as before, and may
instead be shifting toward waiting for further dips. Put differently, it is possible that a reasonable amount
of hedging was already done in the 156-158 area, making it harder for additional USD-buying demand to
emerge at current levels. Normally, USDJPY tends to rebound during the Tokyo session on the day after a
sharp decline, but the rebound in Tokyo this week has been limited.
TECHNICALS: RSI has fallen to around 25, entering oversold territory. On the two occasions this year
when the RSI declined to around 25, USDJPY subsequently rebounded. On the other hand, the underlying
momentum still points lower. From a technical perspective, the weekly USDJPY chart has entered the
Ichimoku cloud, and USDJPY is now trading around the 100-week moving average at 153.30. In addition,
the 61.8％ retracement of the 147.50-164.00 range since the Takaichi trade comes in around 153.28, which
overlaps with current levels. The next important support is likely around 152.00/20, which corresponds to
the low after the January rate check and the February low. If that level breaks, the psychological 150.00
level would come into focus.
GPIF: There is a debate around GPIF as to whether actual flows have already started, or whether it is
currently still at the rebalancing stage. Locals tend to think the flow has not started but its still in the
rebalancing level or within their freehand range. At the same time, however, I also recall that in the past,
when GPIF announced an allocation change, the actual reallocation had already progressed to a
meaningful extent by the time of the announcement. Therefore, it is difficult to completely rule out the
possibility that some adjustment may already be underway. Given that a meaningful portion of GPIF’s


[Page 2]
foreign bond allocation is understood to be in U.S. assets, any reduction in foreign bonds would naturally
raise questions around potential UST selling. Alternatively, if GPIF were to take into account potential
U.S. sensitivities and reduce European assets instead, the pressure could be more visible in EURJPY rather
than USDJPY. Another possibility is that GPIF may not aggressively reduce existing foreign assets, but
instead make it easier to direct new inflows or reinvestment proceeds toward Japanese assets. There is also
the possibility that the current permissible deviation range could be widened from 6 percentage points to
10 percentage points, or even bit more percentage points. However, in that case, the market reaction could
be more nuanced. On one hand, it could be interpreted as greater flexibility in GPIF’s allocation
framework, or even as a de facto policy shift, which may send a stronger yen-supportive signal. On the
other hand, if the market is already biased toward the idea that GPIF will directly reduce foreign assets,
simply widening the deviation range could potentially be seen as a disappointment.
2) GPIF Q&A
Q: How big could GPIF flow be? If decided to move domestic bond allocation up to max allowed within
current limits that would be another |5% roughly (~25.5% to 31%). On 2trn portfolio = ~100bn.
Q: How that does that compare to MoF interventions this year? Those have been a bit over 150bn.
Q: Could the shift be bigger than this/formal shift in allocation %? Sure. Domestic bonds were 60% pre
Abenomics. And was lowered down from 35% to 25% in 2020. But there are return considerations (not
being in JGBs has been good strategy). And the board reportedly reaffirmed current split in March. Plus in
the past allocation shifts were generally announced after had occurred (by using the max deviation for
some time)
Q: Are there other actors? Yes arguable GPIF shift could catalyse other private pension funds + an increase
fer hedgers. Maybe also retail. Ultimately foreign holdings asset holdings are large. 2 charts below.
Q: When will we know for sure what is going on? International Transactions in Securities monthly data is
best as can splits out trust accounts (which includes GPIF) into a separate segment. Disposal of foreign
fixed income assets (which would be needed to fund domestic purchase) would appear here. We will get
last week data (no breakdown of type and hence nosier) this Thursday. But a very large rebalancing flow
may turn up. It is worth noting that we don't see this in data yet. Monthly ITS for August released
overnight. Showed Trust banks (trust accounts) continued to buy foreign fixed income that month. Would
expect some selling here to fund JGB purchases. Third chart below - shows monthly and cumulative
changes for this investor segment. We know this is the category that GPIF fall into - see exhibit 19 and 20
here: https://tinyurl.com/ta6csns3
Q: What sparked this focus? Unusual August meeting of GPIF Governors. Including agenda item:
discussion of the basic portfolio verification projection team. Picked up in BBG reporting. Backdrop of
government speaking about reallocation to domestic assets in recent months
Q: What to watch from here? A lot going on in Sep. Does flow data show a shift, do we get more leaks
around allocation decisions, does BOJ in Sep validate idea that long-end nominal JGBs are a good


[Page 3]
investment (hike and then suggest can continue to up frequency/consider bigger increments if required).
Plus does the FOMC hike.
CHART 1: Summary of Key Investors and Foreign Asset Holdings, as Well as Hedging Practice
Source: GS FICC and Equities
CHART 2: Japanese Investors now Hold a Much Larger Stock of Foreign Assets Than Before


[Page 4]
Source: GS FICC and Equities
CHART 3: Trust banks (trust accounts) continued to buy foreign fixed income in August


[Page 5]
Source: GS FICC and Equities
3) Japan Triple – Trade Idea
To position for supportive domestic policy shifts we like the following implementations cross asset:
11Dec26
20Y TONAR < ATMF
USDJPY < 150
Nikkei up 8% Costs 5.5% USD
Ref 153.86
55% / 31% / 28% Leg prices Corrs Used: NKY USDJPY +15, NKY TONA 0, TONA USDJPY +30
Governor Ueda has essentially confirmed market pricing of a September BoJ hike. There has also been
growing speculation that Japan’s public pension fund will shift its allocation targets to favor domestic
assets. While there have been no signs of rotation among typically unhedged investors in the official data,
we would expect to see the flows come before any official confirmation. In 2020, the new targets that
raised the allocation towards foreign bonds was officially announced at the end of March, after outsized
outflows began in January and February.
EM STRATS (SUN LU) GPIF had 67% allocation in domestic fixed income in 2012, and this was brought
down to 25% in 2020, as they gradually shift towards 25:25:25:25 asset allocation mix. The average rate


[Page 6]
of decline of domestic fixed income allocation percentage was 6% during those years (some years the
decline was close to 10%). Given GPIF’s US$2tn AUM, a 5% increase in domestic fixed income
allocation translates into US$100bn USDJPY selling. This is ~50% of Japan’s annual CA surplus of
~US$210bn. Net flow of CA-FA is US$35bn in 2025; a US$100bn USDJPY selling from GPIF will
change the total flow picture a lot. If such asset allocation change happens, it could also trigger unwinds of
JPY funded carry trades among RM and corp sector, forming a structural JPY strengthening trend. On
bond market, US$100bn is also very large compared to net JGB issuance in current fiscal year of
US$190bn. However, the impact on bond market may be milder vs FX given BOJ is on hiking path and
fiscal expansion remains underway.
CHART 1: GPIF Asset Allocation Shifts
Source: GS FICC and Equities
4) COMMODITIES RESEARCH (STRUYVEN) – Nudging Up Our Price Forecast – LINK
BOTTOM LINE: We raise our Brent/WTI price forecasts by $5 to $85/80 for Dec2026 and to $80/75 for
2027, reflecting our new assumption that Mideast shipping disruptions continue into 2027. The price
upgrade is modest despite the assumption that shipping disruptions continue for two reasons: (1) OECD
commercial land inventories—a key price driver—have so far barely drawn since the war began, reflecting
a smaller-than-expected deficit amid market adaptation, and the concentration of stocks draws in OECD
SPR, on water, and in China. (2) We assume Mideast supply adaptation continues, with production
gradually recovering by 2027H2 as (dark) flows edge up further and pipelines come online in late 2027.
Risks to our price forecast remain significantly tilted to the upside on net, especially near-term. Risks to
our price forecast remain significantly tilted to the upside on net, especially near-term.


[Page 7]
Price Upside Scenario: Brent might exceed $120/bbl if 2027 average Gulf output remains 4mb/d below
pre-war levels, versus 0.5mb/d below in our base case. Intensified Hormuz and Red Sea shipping attacks
are the most likely trigger of price upside.
Price Downside Scenario: Brent might decline into the $60s in 2027 if 2027 average Gulf output rises
1mb/d above pre-war levels.
CHART 1: We Estimate That the Global Market Deficit Narrowed From About 7mb/d in March 2026 to
1mb/d in 2026Q3
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
CHART 2: Downside Risk to Gulf Supply Means Significant Net Upside Risk to Our $80 Brent 2027
Average Forecast


[Page 8]
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5) Hungary CPI Recap
FX STRATEGY (ALVES): Small miss in CPI print for August (1.3% vs 1.4% consensus), though would
still be below MNB's forecasts from June at 1.8%. Food inflation, which was a large downside contributor
last month and has large FX component, was less negative this month. Month-on-month rates in other
categories look similar to July, continuing to show subdued goods inflation, which is driven primarily by
HUF appreciation, against higher services inflation. Overall, FX appreciation has been a key driver of
lower Hungarian inflation given the large FX pass-through (highest in EM), so makes sense to us that
MNB remains responsive to FX developments that could undermine this progress (as we saw last week),
even if on an outright basis headline inflation is clearly below target (and even a lower 2.5% target) and
would allow for cuts.
CHART 1: Hungary CPI: Food and Non-Alcoholic Beverages


[Page 9]
Source: GS FICC & Equities, Central Statistical Office/Haver Analytics
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 8 September 2026.
