[Page 1]
GS Quinn - Energy Futures Diesel Chase Continues 12 Sep 2026
Robert Quinn  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Sat 12 Sep 2026, 6:17am ET
During September 1st – 8th, US Diesel prices underperformed as Russia and Middle East events alleviated
some geopolitical risk premium. Managed Money represented the largest seller, due to liquidation. The
chase for US Diesel exposure then quickly continued as tempers in the Middle East flared. In addition to
the upcoming Iran-GCC meeting and its implications for regional crude flow and refinery activity, other
supply-side stories remain in focus.
• During September 1st – 8th, US Diesel prices underperformed as Russia and Middle East events
alleviated some geopolitical risk premium. Specifically, October ULSD slid −2.3%, term structure
softened, and crack spreads declined. Most crack losses occurred following Russia's announcement of a
resumption to diesel exports, conditional on a successful refill of domestic inventories. Furthermore, DOE
distillate stocks surprisingly built and a deal for Hormuz passage between Iran and Oman moved closer to
fruition.
• Managed Money represented the largest seller, due to liquidation. According to Commitment of Traders,
Managed Money net sold −$955mm, marking the most significant bearish flows since November of 2025.
Long unwinds accounted for 87% of the total. A portion of the bullish Energy expression potentially
rotated into RBOB Gasoline or Gasoil, given increases to Managed Money longs in both throughout the
same period. Still, Managed Money Diesel net length resided at a 83% 2 year notional rank.
• The chase for US Diesel exposure then quickly continued as tempers in the Middle East flared. From
September 8th – 11th, October US Diesel surged >8% and the front crack versus WTI reclaimed its high.
Aggregate open interest added +$1.9bn, signaling long reinstatements. With the US destroying Iranian oil
tankers, Saudi Arabia's East-West pipeline suffered attacks — and eventually shut — plus the Houthis
advanced towards Red Sea coastal areas, threatening the Bab el-Mandeb Strait.
• In addition to the upcoming Iran-GCC meeting and its implications for regional crude flow and refinery
activity, other supply-side stories remain in focus. US refiners have announced fall maintenance delays,
providing near-term stock but risking larger eventual outages. China could increase exports on full
utilization of annual quotas. Meanwhile Russia runs remain well below seasonal norms, despite the
aforementioned headlines.
Front Rolling ULSD – WTI Crude Oil Crack Spread


[Page 2]
Source: Bloomberg as of September 11th.
ULSD Managed Money Net Length ($)


[Page 3]
Source: GS GBM, CFTC as of September 8th.
ULSD Aggregate Open Interest vs Price


[Page 4]
Source: Bloomberg, CME as of September 11th.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, GS GBM, CFTC, Bloomberg, CME; as of 8–11 September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
