[Page 1]
GS Joseph - GS Macro Reads 12 Sep 2026
Arvin Joseph  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Sat 12 Sep 2026, 9:42am ET
A few key pieces from GS Sales, Trading, Strategy and Research.
FX
USD - Dragged by the data (Kamakshya Trivedi) - We have attributed Dollar weakness over the last
couple of months to three factors: (i) a more uncertain reaction function and the perception that the FOMC
has a high bar to tighten policy, (ii) the Treasury's revealed preference to curtail higher yields, and (iii)
idiosyncratic policies to support some of the most undervalued currencies, especially in Asia. We think
this first factor—the Fed’s high bar—helps explain the Dollar’s modest “EM-like” response to the CPI
report, with the cross-asset response consistent with a high nominal growth environment rather than a
“hawkish” reaction function. The usual positive correlation between currencies and inflation surprises
comes from an expectation that policymakers will try to move ahead of the curve and push real rates
higher. In this regard, we still expect next week’s FOMC decision to be a pivotal one for the Dollar’s
direction as the Fed’s reaction function to uneven economic performance remains uncertain. While an
ultimate delivery of a hike should still be Dollar positive, we see policy-related risks skewed to the
downside, in part because of the uncertainty around next week’s decision, and the relatively higher bar to
“out-hawk” the currency market after the move higher in real rates today. And it is also noteworthy that
foreign FX policy is now pushing more forcefully in a Dollar weaker direction. Stepping back, one of the
most striking features of the Dollar’s recent depreciation is that the deeply undervalued currencies in Asia
have been some of the biggest contributors as JPY and KRW have “joined in” the long-running trend in
CNY. We have expected these policy headwinds to be offset over time by some of the same factors
prompting the US policy tradeoffs—strong demand for debt-financed capital expenditure reveals solid
return prospects that should be positive for the Dollar over time. We think that recent revelations have
highlighted some of the difficulties along that path, and that the policy response to those pressures is an
important input.
JPY - Better risk-reward over the long-term (Mike Cahill) - The Japanese Yen strengthened by over 4%
versus the Dollar over the past 8 trading sessions, prompting many investors to ask if the move can extend.
We see a case for being tactically long JPY, but higher energy prices, the likelihood of a September Fed
hike, and the potential for weaker risk sentiment all argue for USD strength, leaving us more comfortable
funding out of EUR (e.g., short EUR/JPY) or other low-yielders most vulnerable to those factors. For JPY
length vs USD, we see better risk-reward over the long-term than the short-term for several reasons. First,
the broader macro backdrop of resilient US growth, higher-for-longer US yields, and constructive risk
sentiment still weighs on the Yen, and our baseline forecasts imply more of the same. In other words,
markets would need to worry about US growth for a more sustained appreciation in the Yen, and that
seems more likely over the next year or two than the next few months. Second, Japanese portfolio
reallocation remains mostly speculation so far and, even if some shift does occur, it will likely be a slower-


[Page 2]
moving process that plays out over months, not weeks. Third, the repricing in BoJ expectations over recent
weeks raises the bar for the Bank to over-deliver and drive further Yen strength. That said, if Governor
Ueda himself opens the door to faster rate hikes at the September BoJ meeting press conference, that
should be enough to drive some further USD/JPY downside and make it less compelling to position for a
reversal of recent Yen strength. And at a minimum, delivering on the hikes currently priced by markets
should prevent renewed Yen weakness after years of generally more dovish outcomes. Taken together, we
see a case for being tactically long JPY, though we would be selective about the funder. We see clearer
asymmetry in USD/JPY over a longer horizon, due to the higher probability that these policy shifts
eventually materialize, making it a more attractive portfolio hedge after years of a less compelling
backdrop.
Rates
Grouped hikes (George Cole) - The significance of the recent bond market sell-off has been its breadth.
The sell-off has been global, with no single major bond market the obvious driver of higher yields.
Forwards across both bonds and swap curves are near multi-decade highs in several markets driven by
pressure from several factors, including term premium, rate expectations, breakeven inflation and higher
real rates. Despite all of this, the rise in bond yields has been largely associated with relatively low levels
of realized and implied volatility and only modest tightening in financial conditions. This points to two
ongoing risks for rates markets. First, the renewed energy pressures force central banks to choose whether
to lean against inflation or not. Second, the (so far) benign signals from financial conditions suggests
reduced confidence in just how restrictive policy rates currently are. While central bank responses to the
energy shock may vary, the increased uncertainty around terminal rates is a global phenomenon. As we
saw with the ECB this week, in this context, a central bank focused on managing inflation risks can widen
the range of policy outcomes more than valuations based on neutral rate priors would imply. Given that
fundamentals have driven yields higher, they likely need to shift to drive yields lower again. This has to
include a sense that inflationary risks are abating—either via lower commodity prices, weaker growth, or
tighter policy. Using monetary policy to affect inflation outcomes may afford relative stability to longer-
dated forwards (see 10y10y Europe and Japan) but brings risks of upsetting the comparatively benign vol
backdrop. Given our recent Fed and ECB forecast changes, we raise our YE26 10y yield forecasts to
4.75% in the US and 3.25% in Germany. Unless commodity prices fade, we expect ongoing (albeit varied)
flattening risk to curves.
Energy Trap (Cosimo Codacci-Pisanelli) - Tough week. Energy is in the driving seat, and it keeps going
higher. Plotting the pathway to conflict offramps has been hard and unprofitable, the market is now trading
a wider distribution on how long this lasts. Nat gas and refined products remain the key and will keep
going higher until we reach points of demand destruction or a resolution. The beta of front end rates to
energy is back to the highs, making it incredibly hard to trade. Risk premium in front end Europe and the
UK is high vs most terminal distributions, but it has been a painful journey and appetite to step in at this
stage is more limited. The ECB showed that reaction functions are shifting with the extent of the energy
rally. The BoE haven’t pivoted yet, but the risk is high given where the gas forward curve is vs their
forecasts. In the US, the CPI print felt like a bail out for Warsh. We head into next week’s meeting close to


[Page 3]
fully priced which leaves much less scope for the Chairman’s credibility to be challenged by the market
like it was in July.
Asia EM Rates Weekly (Kaiwen Lim) - What had been a moderate oil-led selloff through Thursday turned
into a regional rout on Friday, as oil breached $100 and USTs sold off hard after the Treasury bought fewer
bonds than expected in its 10–20y buyback ($5.19bn against a $6bn maximum), with risk-off in local
equities compounding the damage. Korea was worst hit (+18.2 to +21.7bp) on a "triple shock" that pushed
3y KTB through the psychological 4% handle, Hong Kong cheapened 15.5–21bp as the funding squeeze
entered its third week, and Thailand (+9.3 to +13bp) and SGD (+11 to +12.3bp) both gave up their earlier
gains. India cheapened 10–11bp with OMO sale headlines landing Friday, and even China — the only
market to hold — finished a mere 0.5–1.5bp cheaper, once again refusing to trade firmer data. Details by
currency at the link.
Equities
The impact of higher interest rates on equities (Ben Snider) - Equities typically struggle when the Fed
starts to hike rates, but we expect the bull market to continue. The S&P 500 has generated an average 3-
month return of -2% at the start of seven hiking cycles during the last few decades, and Fed tightening is
one of the dynamics that has characterized the end of other major bull markets during the past century.
However, equities have often performed well during tightening cycles. The S&P 500 has generated an
average return of +9% during the 12 months following the first hike. Today, the market is already pricing
more than three hikes within the next year, and corporate earnings and balance sheets are both robust.
Higher interest rates have varying effects on stocks via valuations, balance sheets, and earnings. For
investors, stocks involved in home construction are one of the most sensitive parts of the equity market to
long-term interest rates. The stocks have underperformed the equal-weight S&P 500 by 16 pp since June.
In contrast, Financials typically outperform as rates rise.
US Equities – Weekly Flow Update (Vincent Lin) - Prime: US equities were net sold this week, driven by
short sales in Macro Products partially offset by long buys in Single Stocks. Macro Products saw the
largest $ net selling since the week of Liberation Day, driven entirely by short sales and pointing to
increased hedging into the August CPI print. Amid the start of September conference season, TMT stocks
saw the largest 2-week long buying since Jun ’25 (97th percentile 5-year), while non-consumer cyclicals
were net sold for a second straight week, led by Financials with HFs selling the sector at the fastest pace in
6 months.
Shares: From a desk flow perspective, Asset Managers were better for sale this week, with supply in
macro products, comm svcs, healthcare, industrials, and tech. Hedge funds also finished better for sale,
shorting macro products and selling tech. We saw small hedge fund demand in financials. Following a
firmer PPI/CPI this week, FOMC is the highlight macro event next week as well as decisions from the
BOE and BOJ.
Futures: Funding levels implied in the quarterly equity rolls cheapened this week as calendar spread
volumes started to pick up. The E-Mini S&P 500 roll cheapened from around FF+72 on Monday to around
FF+65 on Friday, with Nasdaq futures following the move lower while maintaining the typical 2-3bp


[Page 4]
premium. This cheapening has played out even as Sep implied funding has rebounded from the mid-week
lows. The funding discount in Sep relative to Dec can be a leading indicator for the roll as the
supply/demand dynamics behind the OI in Sep transition to December.
Derivatives: Despite CPI coming in “hot” on Friday and the market now pricing in a 90% chance of a rate
hike, skew + vol both got crushed – all while spot moved higher. Surprisingly, flows on our index desk
were quieter than expected…we still think dealers get longer gamma to the topside. Historically, the most
in-demand tech stocks have outperformed both broad-based indices (SPXXAI) and broader tech stocks
(GSXUTECH) in the week following our annual GS Communacopia + Technology conference. As such,
we like GSCBTC10 Upside -- in either swap or option format to get targeted exposure to the top 10 most
requested companies this year (MSFT, DDOG, CRWV, SHOP, AVGO, AMD, NVDA, NBIS, TSM,
NFLX).
ETFs: ETF volumes as a percentage of the broader equity market remain compressed as ‘micro > macro
themes’ continue to direct the tape. However, Thursday’s session was the most outsized in over a month,
with ETFs accounting for 30% of the tape and we saw a continuation around similar levels on Friday.
While the trading footprint of macro products has decelerated in recent months (a byproduct of vol
compression), notional volumes remain on track for a record year of turnover, and the net demand in the
market continues to be reflected through strong inflows.
Cross Asset Macro
Connecting you to GS, Thoughts from the floor (Adam Crook) - 1) Connecting you to GS: Japan: Is there
a plausible trigger for a repatriation and how can we tell if it is happening? Oil @ $100: Is the right-side of
the distribution still capped by shadow-flows and China price-sensitivity? Brazil Election: What is latest
on polling, client flows and plausible outcomes? GS Communacopia Conference: What are the high level
take-aways for macro investors? Around the desks: What popular positions would be vulnerable to a move
in oil to $125?
2) Trades we Like: ‘I am the House Now’ - How to get Long-JPY -> We have seen a material shift in
sentiment toward the JPY in recent weeks: The ‘buy-the-dip’ approach to USDJPY has dissipated, among
both international investors + local clients, and our franchise is becoming more attuned to the potential for
a structural move stronger in the JPY, driven by: i) Potential for near-term re-allocation towards domestic
bonds; ii) Expectations that the BOJ are finally recognizing inflation risks; iii) Potential for peak of the US
rates cycle; iv) Potential for major local life-insurers to crystallise losses in foreign bonds in to fiscal half-
year end.
i) Buy 6mnth Downside in USDJPY + EURJPY: Cleanest expression of the JPY stronger-trade -> i) Buy
6m 140 USDJPY Digi Put for 11.15% USD (Max leverage ~9x); ii) Buy 6m 164.5 EURJPY Digi Put for
11.00 % EUR (Max leverage ~9x).
ii) JPY Stronger through FX Correlation: USDJPY Lower, USD Stronger vs EUR + AUD -> i) Buy 11
Dec Dual Binary EURUSD < ATMS vs USDJPY < 150 for 8% USD (Max 12.5x leverage); ii) Buy 11
Dec Dual Binary AUDUSD < 0.7000 vs USDJPY < 150 for 6% USD (Max leverage ~16.5x).


[Page 5]
iii) USDJPY lower, JGB Yields Lower, NKY Higher: Attractive for a world where Japanese investors shift
away from unhedged foreign assets + back to domestic assets -> Buy a 11-Dec26 Tri-Binary 20Y TONAR
< ATMF vs USDJPY < 150 vs Nikkei up 8% for 5.5% USD (Max leverage ~18x)
iv) EURJPY Lower vs NKY / SPX Higher: Constructive Equity backdrop vs idiosyncratic JPY strength ->
i) Buy Mar-2027 Expiry Dual Binary NKY > 70,000 vs EURJPY < 98% for 10% USD (Max 10x
leverage); ii) Buy Mar-2027 Expiry Dual Binary SPX > 8,100 vs EURJPY < 95% for 10% USD (Max 10x
leverage) -> Selling Equity/USDJPY Corr at +25% and +10% respectively.
Research
US - Adding a Hike in September (David Mericle) - We now expect a 25bp hike at the September FOMC
meeting next week (vs. a hold previously). Additional hikes at later meetings are possible but are not our
baseline. While today’s CPI report only raised our August core PCE forecast slightly to 0.26% and has not
changed our fundamental inflation view, we think that the FOMC will want to avoid the market reaction
that would likely follow from remaining on hold when the market is pricing a nearly 90% chance of a
hike.
We do not see a strong economic case for raising the funds rate. We continue to think that all of the
overshoot of the 2% target can be attributed to one-time factors whose impact is likely to fade, that the
improvement in core PCE inflation to a roughly 2.5% pace over the last three months is an early sign of
this, that the economy is not overheated, that inflation expectations are not at immediate risk of
unanchoring, and that limited rate hikes are unlikely to appreciably offset the impact of supply shocks. We
suspect that some FOMC participants will agree with this, and for that reason we see the Fed’s decision as
less clear-cut than market pricing implies.
But we suspect that most FOMC participants will worry about the potential market reaction to not
delivering a hike that recent Fed communication has guided the market to now almost fully price.
Chairman Warsh’s Jackson Hole speech led the market to expect a hike if the inflation news was
imperfect, and while the CPI was not concerning, it was imperfect. As a result, the FOMC might worry
about the consequences of not hiking for market perceptions of the Fed’s credibility and about the
immediate reaction of longer-term interest rates. Recent increases in oil prices might also make FOMC
voters who had been ambivalent a bit more open to hiking.
Core CPI Above Expectations; Estimating 0.26% for August Core PCE (David Mericle) - Core CPI
increased by 0.29% in August, above expectations. On the firmer side, the volatile wireless phone services
category boosted the core by about 10bp. Travel services were also firm, matching the strong reading in
the domestic passenger airfares component in yesterday’s August PPI report, with airfares and lodging
each boosting the core by 4bp. On the softer side, the shelter categories—which carry a smaller weight in
PCE than in CPI—were more benign than we expected, with OER and rent boosting the core by 6bp and
2bp, respectively. Based on details in the CPI and PPI reports, we estimate that the core PCE price index
rose 0.26% in August (vs. 0.24% before the CPI release), corresponding to a year-over-year rate of
+3.16% after accounting for our forecast of the revisions that will result from the methodological changes


[Page 6]
that will be implemented with the August PCE report. Additionally, we expect that the headline PCE price
index increased 0.32% in August, or increased 3.54% from a year earlier.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results. All references to
"we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk.
