[Page 1]
Northern Trust 
1 
  
WEEKLY ECONOMIC COMMENTARY 
 
 IN THIS ISSUE: 
• Fed Preview: Boxed In 
 
Occasionally, we are confronted with decisions where there are no easy options.  The 
prevailing circumstances bound our choices, and we may face criticism no matter what we 
do. 
Collectively, the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) finds itself in just such a 
situation as it prepares for its upcoming meeting.  The economics and the politics 
surrounding their deliberations are complicated, and there are no easy options. 
Following are the cases to be made for and against raising interest rates.   
Economic Growth 
The economy's resilience has not been experienced evenly.  Rising equity prices and firm 
home values have boosted household wealth, but the benefits have accrued 
disproportionately to the top of the income distribution.  For many others, the picture is 
less favorable.  While overall inflation remains contained, food and energy costs are 
elevated.  And because these essentials account for a larger share of spending for lower-
income households, the squeeze on their real incomes has persisted.   
Businesses are also experiencing a more uneven environment, with firms tied to artificial 
intelligence continuing to invest aggressively while more interest rate-sensitive sectors 
remain cautious. 
But while we see elements of a “K-shaped” expansion, aggregate demand is still strong 
and recession risks are low. Growth has been very resilient in the face of external 
challenges up until now, and our forecast suggests that it will continue on at a healthy 
pace.  
 
 
Hold Steady 
Raise Rates 
Activity has remained buoyant in the face 
of multiple shocks, but the economy is not 
invulnerable. Business investment is an 
important driver of activity, but it is 
concentrated in the technology sector.  
Although consumer spending rebounded in 
the last quarter, lower-income households 
are tapping into savings as inflation 
remains persistent.  Holding rates steady 
would provide additional time to assess 
whether there are potential cracks in the 
foundation of the expansion. 
Gross domestic product (GDP) growth 
slowed in the second quarter, but it 
reflected temporary drags from 
inventories, net exports and government 
spending.  Underlying domestic demand 
remained firm, with both consumer 
spending and business investment 
rebounding.  Given the economy's 
resilience to both domestic and external 
shocks, a modest increase in interest 
rates will not derail economic 
momentum.   
 
SEPTEMBER 11, 2026 
Global Economic Research 
50 South La Salle Street 
Chicago, Illinois 60603 
northerntrust.com 
Carl R. Tannenbaum 
Chief Economist 
312-557-8820 
ct92@ntrs.com 
Ryan James Boyle 
Chief U.S. Economist 
312-444-3843 
rjb13@ntrs.com  
Vaibhav Tandon 
Chief International Economist 
630-276-2498 
vt141@ntrs.com  


[Page 2]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
2 
 
 
  
 Inflation  
Hold Steady 
Raise Rates 
The year to date has brought a series of 
inflationary forces that are outside the scope of 
monetary policy. Increases in oil prices and 
the introduction of tariffs fall into this category. 
The Fed typically looks through these kinds of 
exogenous shocks to focus on underlying 
inflation. Taking that view, wage gains and 
housing costs have stayed contained, giving 
confidence in a return to disinflation. Longer-
run inflation expectations remain steady, 
suggesting that markets are not anticipating 
that recent price surges will persist.  
The Federal Open Market Committee annually 
affirms an inflation target of a 2% yearly 
increase in the personal consumption 
expenditures (PCE) price index. That measure 
stands at 3.7%, and more timely inflation 
readings offer little hope for PCE to fall in the 
near term. Forecasts anticipating a gradual 
return to target have proven incorrect. Facing 
similar conditions, many other central banks 
have reacted by raising rates. The Fed needs 
to follow suit to maintain credibility and 
demonstrate a commitment to price stability. 
In the initial months of his tenure, Chairman Kevin Warsh has expressed openness to rethinking 
most aspects of the Fed’s approach to monetary policy. But he has adamantly affirmed the 2.0% 
inflation mandate, and he has made a point of noting just how long it has been since the target has 
been satisfied (65 months and counting). 
It might be fair to say the worst of energy- and tariff-related inflation is likely in the past.  But risks 
remain in both areas, stacked on the upside.  And the impact of the AI buildout on inflation has the 
potential to be more persistent. 
What seem like temporary price shocks can hang around longer than anticipated. Prior Fed 
leadership has been criticized for dismissing them as transitory or outside the scope of monetary 
policy. (Prior to taking the Chaiman’s role, Kevin Warsh was among the more vocal of these critics.)  
The FOMC may need to act to maintain credibility.  
 
 
Inflation is well above 
target, and the path down 
is unclear. 
Sources: Oxford Economics, Haver Analytics, Bloomberg
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
120%
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
U.S. Recession Probability


[Page 3]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
3 
 
 
  
Employment 
Hold Steady 
Raise Rates 
Job gains have been uneven across sectors. 
AI is likely leading to cautious hiring in  
knowledge sectors and among recent college 
graduates. Labor force participation has 
trended down, especially among older 
workers; this suggests the presence of some 
slack. Wages are growing moderately and are 
not an inflationary force. The number of job 
openings is close to the number of 
unemployed people; if the ratio of the two slips 
further, joblessness could rise quickly. 
An unemployment rate of 4.1% is consistent 
with full employment. Hiring is trending up, and 
most sectors have added jobs in the year to 
date. Claims for unemployment benefits are 
very low, as are job losses due to layoffs. 
Employment is gaining at a slower pace than 
old norms, but so is population growth. The job 
market has enough momentum to tolerate 
higher rates, and is healthy enough that the 
Fed should focus on its inflation mandate at 
the upcoming meeting. 
After a marked slowdown in 2025, the labor market has returned to modest hiring. Though job 
creation has not been uniformly strong every month, a move to limit immigration likely means that 
fewer payrolls need to be added in order to maintain equilibrium. The declining unemployment rate 
bears this out, trending down by four tenths from its peak in November 2025. The tenor of the Fed’s 
comments on its maximum employment mandate have softened accordingly. Few officials have 
expressed recent concerns about labor market stability. 
The labor market is growing sustainably and does not require policy support, but growth is not so 
hot as to require cooling from higher rates. It should be a lesser consideration for the Fed.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The labor market is not 
the Fed’s primary focus 
at the moment. 


[Page 4]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
4 
 
 
  
Other Considerations 
While the housing market is an important economic sector, it is not a dominant one. In almost every 
other industry, credit is readily available and reasonably priced. Pending changes in U.S. bank 
regulation may further support lending. 
Long-term Treasury yields have been increasing sharply over the past month, despite interventions 
from the Treasury.  Inflation concerns are among the reasons why.  If the Fed fails to hike next 
week, the bond selloff could accelerate. 
The politics surrounding next week’s decision are thick, and awkward for the Chairman.  Kevin 
Warsh gave a somewhat hawkish speech at Jackson Hole; if he holds rates steady, it will almost 
certainly raise questions about the influence of the President and the Treasury Secretary.  Raising 
rates within two months of the midterm elections will invite notes of displeasure on social media. 
At times in the past, a difficult decision could be deferred by offering some preview of the future.  
(i.e. Suggesting that if conditions have not improved by the next meeting, a rate change will be 
likely.)  This approach does not seem likely from Chair Warsh, given his disdain for forward 
guidance. If bond markets see the decision as a further reason to sell, the Fed may find itself on a 
collision course with the newly rate-sensitive Treasury. 
Hold Steady 
Raise Rates 
The Fed is giving serious consideration to 
reducing its balance sheet. Additional 
“quantitative tightening” would make policy 
more restrictive. The recent rise in long-term 
rates has made long-term borrowing more 
expensive. This is slowing the U.S. housing 
market; the rate on a 30 year mortgage loan is 
50 basis points higher than it was six months 
ago. This may take pressure off the Fed to 
raise overnight rates. 
Some of the recent shift in Treasury yields 
may reflect worries that the Fed will be slow to 
act. Financial conditions are anything but tight. 
Money is flowing freely into the AI buildout, 
and investment grade borrowers are paying 
some of the lowest spreads in decades. 
Growth in private equity and private credit has 
widened the channel that translates Fed action 
into the availability of capital. Rates need to be 
raised to slow demand and contain inflation. 
Credit is easy, but the 
politics surrounding the 
Fed are not. 


[Page 5]
Northern Trust 
GLOBAL ECONOMIC RESEARCH 
5 
 
 
  
Our View 
The right decision for the Fed to make is far from obvious, and debate is sure to be robust. 
Chairman Warsh has welcomed a “family fight” on the Committee. Whatever the outcome, we 
expect dissenting votes. 
We believe this month’s bout will lead to a decision to raise rates by 25 basis points. 
Maintaining credibility is of utmost importance, especially this early in the new Chairman’s tenure. 
Action will speak louder than words to affirm the FOMC’s commitment to price stability. Inflation 
may subside in due course, but rising oil prices have given renewed reason for concern.  
We will watch bond markets to determine whether one hike will be enough. Past tightening cycles 
have typically not been “one and done.” If yields arrest their rise as investors regain confidence in 
the outlook for disinflation, a single signaling hike may prove sufficient. 
We also await the results of the five task forces Chair Warsh has commissioned, which are due to 
report their recommendations around the end of the year. They have been chartered to think 
creatively about how best to steer policy in the modern economy. For a committee that may feel 
boxed in, some out-of-the-box thinking may unlock a better path ahead. 
 
northerntrust.com 
 
 
Information is not intended to be and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation or recommendation 
with respect to any transaction and should not be treated as legal advice, investment advice or tax advice. 
Under no circumstances should you rely upon this information as a substitute for obtaining specific legal or tax 
advice from your own professional legal or tax advisors. Information is subject to change based on market or 
other conditions and is not intended to influence your investment decisions. 
© 2026 Northern Trust Corporation. Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A. 
Incorporated with limited liability in the U.S. Products and services provided by subsidiaries of Northern Trust 
Corporation may vary in different markets and are offered in accordance with local regulation. For legal and 
regulatory information about individual market offices, visit northerntrust.com/terms-and-conditions. 
@NT_CTannenbaum 
$0
$2
$4
$6
$8
$10
$12
$14
$16
$18
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
2028
2030
Trillions
Past and Projected Growth
In Private Capital
Private Equity
Private Credit
Sources: Federal Reserve, Bloomberg, S&P Global
-1.5
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
Jan-22
Jan-23
Jan-24
Jan-25
Jan-26
Federal Reserve
Financial Conditions Index
Tighter
Looser
