[Page 1]
Michael Snaith 
+852-2978-0455 | 
michael.snaith@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. 
Caleb Chan 
+852-2978-0790 | caleb.chan@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.
The 720: Greater China Tech Tours, Fed rate hike, BHP, SZS, 
AmorePacific, Gigadevice, SEMCO, TDK, Horizon Robotics, Recruit
14 September 2026 | 7:26AM HKT
In Focus | Greater China Tech Tours 
Greater China Semis Tour – Takeaways from Chairman, C-level and factory visits. We 
expect China semiconductor capital expenditure to grow at a double-digit pace 
through 2030E, reaching US$82bn, driven by robust generative AI demand and the 
diversification of production sites. Our recent company visits highlight that local 
semiconductor production equipment and EDA suppliers are benefiting from this 
growing capex and an increasing localization rate, despite near-term tight supply of 
upstream components. Furthermore, the broader supply chain across power 
management ICs, GaN, and specialty memory is riding the AI infrastructure upcycle, 
supported by rising cloud service provider spending and migration to 
next-generation platforms. Allen Chang 
Greater China Optical Tour – Top 10 takeaways on technology development, 
demand, supply, and competition. We remain positive on global optical module 
demand following our recent company visits, driven by AI server rack ramp-ups, 
expanding optical module adoption, and specification upgrades. While tight raw 
material supply for DSPs, lasers, and PCBs could cap shipments in 2027, pricing 
competition remains healthy with 800G price declines limited to single digits and 
1.6T prices sustaining above US$700. Furthermore, we identify testing and coupling 
equipment suppliers as the earliest beneficiaries of Co-Packaged Optics 
commercialization, as the high cost of final modules necessitates rigorous 
wafer-level and die-level testing. Allen Chang 
Listen Up - GS Webcasts on the Agenda 
China in Motion: Macro & Strategy | 10am HK | Global Macro, Activity Data, Market 
Views | Access Webinar | with Hui Shan, Xinquan Chen, Chelsea Song, Kinger Lau, Si 
Fu & Kevin Wang (in Mandarin) 
Themes in Play | BHP, SZS, AmorePacific, Iluvatar 
BHP Group – Assessing returns on Copper SA expansion – Buy. We view the proposed 
US$15bn investment to double South Australia copper production to over 500ktpa 
as compelling, calculating an average IRR of roughly 20% for the Phase 1 block caves. 
We believe mining costs at Olympic Dam and Carrapateena can be reduced by 40% 
through block caving and the flexibility of the two-stage smelter, driving a long-run 
EBITDA margin of 55%. After including the Olympic Dam block cave but removing 
the higher-risk Oak Dam project from our base case, our Copper SA NPV increases to 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
US$37bn. We maintain our Buy rating and slightly raise our 12m TP to A$65.30. Paul 
Young 
SZS – Foldable iPhone to drive growth ahead – Buy. We raise our 12m TP to NT$300 from 
NT$286, as we view the company as a key beneficiary of the upcoming foldable iPhone 
rollout. As a leading global hinge supplier with strong R&D and in-house metal injection 
molding capabilities, we expect the company to capture high dollar content from the 
complex precision components required for foldable devices. While we lower 2026E 
earnings by 11% following softer-than-expected August revenues in wearable and 
notebook hinges, we raise 2027E earnings by 1% to reflect our positive view on rising 
foldable phone penetration, which we forecast to reach 5.9% globally by 2027. Allen 
Chang 
Amorepacific – BY27 Investor Day: Reaffirming Western-led growth – Buy. We raise our 
12m TP to W180,000 and fine-tune our 2026-28E operating profit estimates by 2-4% 
following the company’s BY27 Investor Day, which reaffirmed our Western-led growth 
thesis. Management guided to BY27 revenue of W4.95trn and group OPM of 11-12%, 
supported by targeted revenue growth of over 20% in the US and over 30% in EMEA. We 
view the strategic focus on derma and hair care as key medium-term growth pillars, 
underpinned by a new group-level digital operating model that connects social 
discovery on TikTok with conversion on Amazon. Eric Cha 
Iluvatar – China GPU in strong demand while raw material supply remains tight – Buy. We 
lower our 12m TP to HK$859 and revise down 2026-2030E net income estimates by up 
to 12% to reflect the impact of key component shortages, such as HBM, on shipments 
and gross margins. Despite these supply constraints, 1H26 revenue grew 192% YoY, 
reflecting strong local AI infrastructure demand and large-scale deployment across 
multiple sectors. We remain positive on the company’s strong shipment growth 
trajectory and product mix upgrade toward next-generation products, which should 
help alleviate raw material cost pressures over time. Verena Jeng 
US Macro & Strategy | Expecting a hike at Sep FOMC 
US Macro – Adding a Hike in September. We now expect a 25bp rate hike at the 
September FOMC meeting next week, shifting from our previous expectation of a hold. 
While our fundamental inflation view remains unchanged and we do not see a strong 
economic case for raising the funds rate, we think the FOMC will be reluctant to surprise 
a market currently pricing a nearly 90% chance of a hike. Chairman Warsh’s hawkish 
Jackson Hole speech, an imperfect CPI report, and recent oil price increases have likely 
pressured the Fed to hike to maintain credibility, even as core PCE inflation shows signs 
of improvement. Additional hikes at later meetings are possible but remain outside our 
baseline expectations. David Mericle 
US Strategy – The impact of higher interest rates on equities in charts. With the 10-year 
US Treasury yield surging to nearly 5% and our economists expecting a 25 bp Fed hike 
next week, we expect the equity bull market to continue despite near-term valuation 
headwinds. Although equities typically struggle at the start of tightening cycles, 
corporate balance sheets face limited fundamental risk due to long debt maturities, and 
the market has already priced in substantial tightening through mid-2027. We note that 
home construction stocks remain highly sensitive to long-term rates, whereas Financials 
typically outperform, and companies can offset a higher cost of equity by boosting 
14 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 3]
growth through AI investments, M&A, or spin-offs. Accordingly, we rebalance our 
sector-neutral Long Duration and Short Duration baskets to reflect these shifting rate 
dynamics. Ben Snider 
GS Events | AccoTest, Gigadevice, SEMCO, TDK, Horizon Robotics, NAURA 
AccoTest – Strong Order Momentum and STS8600 Ramp-Up – Neutral. Following our 
China AI Tour with the Chairman, management highlighted strong tester order growth of 
over 100% year-over-year from OSAT and fabless clients, driven by robust AI demand 
across PMIC, power semiconductors, and SoCs. While the analog STS8200 remains the 
primary revenue contributor, the company is ramping up its digital tester STS8600 with 
small volume shipments and ongoing verification among multiple CPU and GPU clients. 
Despite tight upstream material supply impacting near-term shipments, management 
expects gross margins to remain stable with no planned price increases. We maintain our 
12m TP of Rmb630. Allen Chang 
Gigadevice – Specialty DRAM and SLC NAND Growth Outlook – Buy. Following our China 
AI Tour, management expects continued quarter-over-quarter growth in Specialty 
DRAM and NAND average selling prices, alongside strong SLC NAND wafer shipment 
growth in 2027 driven by foundry capacity expansion. The company anticipates further 
gross margin upside in the second half of 2026 due to price increases, though margins 
should gradually stabilize as ASP growth narrows and wafer fabrication costs rise. We 
maintain our 12m TP of Rmb391, supported by a positive outlook on product mix 
upgrades driving blended Specialty DRAM margins and sustained high pricing for SLC 
NAND as global peers transition to 3D NAND. Ting Song 
Samsung Electro-Mechanics – US NDR Takeaways: AI tailwinds driving MLCC and ABF 
strength – Buy. Management maintained 3Q26 guidance despite unfavorable FX, 
implying improving core fundamentals. Management expects tight supply to drive 
favorable pricing and increased long-term agreements, with the AI datacenter MLCC 
revenue mix potentially reaching 40% by 2028 and providing significant margin 
tailwinds. Furthermore, management believes AI momentum is creating severe supply 
tightness in ABF substrates, leading to long-term contracts through 2032, while silicon 
capacitors offer an additional long-term growth driver. 12m TP of W2,250,000. Giuni Lee 
TDK – Plant tour highlights competitive edge and AI growth potential – Buy. Following a 
components strategy briefing and tours of three manufacturing sites, we maintain our 
Buy rating and 12m TP of ¥4,900, as we expect TDK’s electronic components business to 
fuel earnings growth driven mainly by AI applications. We came away with a positive 
impression of the company’s vertically integrated production and horizontal know-how 
sharing, which underpin its unique competitiveness and mass production quality. To 
meet expanding AI and data center opportunities, management outlined significant 
capacity expansion plans through FY3/29, particularly for high-voltage MLCCs, 
aluminum electrolytic capacitors, and thin-film inductors used in vertical power delivery. 
Daiki Takayama 
Horizon Robotics – Smart driving to drive product mix upgrade – Buy. We remain 
constructive on the company’s growth outlook following our China AI Tour, driven by a 
product mix upgrade toward high-end driving solutions and market share gains. 
Management highlighted that Urban NOA adoption increased to 30% in 1H26, 
supporting a shift toward higher dollar content products, while L2 ADAS market share 
14 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 4]
reached 50%. We also see long-term potential in their ARM plus Android style business 
model for IP and software licensing, which could secure customers and drive 
commercialization. We maintain our Buy rating and 12m TP of HK$13.12. Allen Chang 
NAURA – Memory and advanced logic capex to drive growth – Buy. We expect 
sustainable order growth ahead, supported by accelerated capacity expansion from 
memory and advanced logic clients in China. Management noted that this spending is 
outperforming mature logic, while the rising penetration of local semiconductor 
production equipment tools provides further tailwinds. Despite near-term component 
supply pressures, we anticipate a gradual easing of constraints and expect gross margins 
to remain stable at around 40% over the long term. We reiterate our Buy rating and 12m 
TP of Rmb1,200. Allen Chang 
US Communacopia | Semis, Lastertec, Recruit 
US Technology – 2026 Communacopia + Technology Conference Wrap. Management 
teams remain highly bullish on the trajectory of AI infrastructure spending, though we 
believe downstream constraints like land, power, and facility availability are emerging as 
the primary bottlenecks. Across semiconductor capital equipment, companies 
highlighted historically elevated backlogs and expect 8-10 new fabs coming online to 
drive an acceleration in 2027 wafer fabrication equipment spending. Furthermore, AI 
inference workloads are driving persistent tightness in NAND and mass storage, which 
management expects will support higher pricing and margins over the next 12-18 
months. Finally, analog companies struck a constructive tone on a broad-based recovery 
across industrial and automotive end markets driven by lean inventories and steadily 
improving demand. James Schneider 
Lasertec - Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways – Buy (on CL). Osamu 
Okabayashi (Director, Chairman and Executive Officer) presented in our Communacopia 
+ Technology Conference. Key takeaways: (1) Demand is currently strong among all 
major customers; (2) in addition to advancing miniaturization, the discovery that DUV 
light cannot detect thin tin defects, which can become “killer” defects, is driving 
increased demand for ACTIS, and the possibility of ACTIS being adopted by DRAM fabs 
going forward is also increasing; (3) initial evaluations for the A200HiT have been 
completed at all major customers (logic/foundry, DRAM), with results satisfying 
customers in terms of both inspection sensitivity and throughput; (4) as High-NA EUV 
requires higher-resolution mask inspection, adoption of the ACTIS A300 is likely to 
expand; (5) there are no major changes in the competitive environment; (6) the company 
is on track to achieving its medium-term plan target of sales of ¥400-¥500 bn in FY6/30. 
12m TP of ¥70,000. Shuhei Nakamura 
Recruit – Indeed Monetization Opportunity Reconfirmed – Buy. Following the CEO’s 
presentation at the Communacopia + Technology conference, we reconfirm the 
significant scale of the monetization opportunity at Indeed, which remains in its early 
stages. Management notes that AI-driven unit price tiering allows employers to secure 
qualified candidates faster, shifting the core value proposition from cost per hire to time 
to fill. With Indeed’s take rate still below 1% compared to traditional agencies’ 15-20%, 
and large enterprise adoption accelerating after clearing AI compliance reviews, we see 
substantial room for continued revenue growth. 12m TP of ¥19,400. Minami Munakata 
New | Korea Insurance downgrades 
14 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 5]
Korea Insurance – Valuations becoming fuller. We downgrade DB Insurance and Hyundai 
M&F to Neutral from Buy, as we believe much of the recent positive earnings momentum 
is already priced into the shares following strong sector outperformance. With the 
industry entering seasonally weaker underwriting quarters and recent earnings beats 
largely driven by special items rather than recurring cash generation, we see an 
unfavorable near-term setup. Furthermore, we estimate sustainable dividend payout 
ratios sit at roughly 40%, leaving little headroom for upside across the sector. We retain 
Samsung F&M as our sole Buy and top pick given its stronger Value-Up potential and 
superior solvency ratio. Sinyoung Park 
Asia Macro | Upcoming Trump-Xi meeting, AI Dividend, China Government Bonds 
China – Market expectations for the upcoming Trump-Xi meeting. We highlight results 
from our recent investor survey ahead of the upcoming Trump-Xi summit, where most 
respondents expect the visit to be largely symbolic with tangible progress most likely in 
trade policy. Two-thirds of investors see limited scope for a meaningful shift in bilateral 
relations following the US midterms, and most expect the pace of CNY appreciation to 
remain unchanged or slow. Despite low summit expectations, offshore investors are 
relatively more bullish on Chinese equities than onshore peers. Our baseline view 
remains that US-China relations will likely stabilize into a managed, fragile détente rather 
than materially improve. Andrew Tilton 
Asia Economics – Exports and Beyond: Asia’s Broadening AI Dividend. We estimate that 
surging tech exports driven by the global AI buildout will provide a 7pp boost to real 
GDP growth in Taiwan and a 2-3pp boost in Korea, Vietnam, and Malaysia in 2026. 
Beyond exports, we see increasing evidence of positive spillovers to domestic demand 
through expanded manufacturing capacity and local data center investments, 
particularly in ASEAN. Additionally, consumption is benefiting marginally from positive 
equity wealth effects, while surging corporate tax receipts from tech producers are 
supporting faster government spending growth in Korea and Taiwan. Andrew Tilton 
China Macro – Gauging the Impact of Government Bond Supply on Bond Yields. We 
expect total government bond net issuance to rise meaningfully to 1% of GDP per 
month during September and October, up from 0.6% in H1, which could temporarily 
push front-end yields higher. We estimate that a 0.2% of GDP acceleration in net central 
government bond (CGB) issuance is associated with a 4.8bp increase in the 1-year CGB 
yield, compared to just 2.0bp and 1.5bp for 5-year and 10-year yields, pointing to a 
bear-flattening response driven by front-end funding conditions. However, we believe a 
sustained CGB sell-off is unlikely given anchored repo rates and weak credit demand, 
and we expect Chinese rates to remain on a structural downward trend over the longer 
term due to excess savings and demographic headwinds. Xinquan Chen 
Around the World | Micron preview, Gold, Global FX 
Micron – 4Q Preview: Persistent Tightness to Drive Strong Quarter. We expect persistent 
supply and demand tightness to drive another strong quarter with upside to consensus, 
raising our revenue and EPS estimates based on the latest DRAM demand and pricing 
trends. For the quarter, we forecast revenue of $51.9bn, gross margin of 87.3%, and EPS 
of $32.54, and expect November quarter guidance to reflect low-teens sequential 
revenue growth. We believe investors will focus on the addition and pricing of new 
Strategic Customer Agreements (SCAs), capital return plans, and HBM4 market share 
14 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 6]
dynamics. Neutral, with a 12m TP of $1,100. James Schneider 
Precious Metals – Central Bank Gold Purchasing Trend Remains Strong Through July. Our 
nowcast estimates central bank gold purchases remained strong at 44 tonnes in July, 
driven largely by China, bringing the three-month seasonally adjusted trend to 91 tonnes 
per month. We maintain our end-2026 gold forecast of $4,900/oz, assuming continued 
robust central bank demand and a recovery in private investor ETF inflows as the Fed 
remains on hold. We see net upside risk to our base case if elevated call option 
positioning persists and dealer hedging mechanically amplifies the rally, though a 
renewed increase in Fed-hike expectations could trigger a sharper-than-usual 
correction down to $4,440/oz. Over the medium term, risks remain skewed to the upside 
as geopolitical developments may accelerate private investor diversification into gold. 
Lina Thomas 
Global FX Trader – The Walk After the Talk. We have attributed Dollar weakness over the 
last couple of months to three factors: (i) a more uncertain reaction function and the 
perception that the FOMC has a high bar to tighten policy, (ii) the Treasury’s revealed 
preference to curtail higher yields, and (iii) idiosyncratic policies to support some of the 
most undervalued currencies, especially in Asia. While an ultimate delivery of a hike 
should still be Dollar positive, we see policy-related risks skewed to the downside, in part 
because of the uncertainty around this week’s decision, and the relatively higher bar to 
“out-hawk” the currency market after the move higher in real rates today. And it is also 
noteworthy that foreign FX policy is now pushing more forcefully in a Dollar weaker 
direction. Stepping back, one of the most striking features of the Dollar’s recent 
depreciation is that the deeply undervalued currencies in Asia have been some of the 
biggest contributors as JPY and KRW have “joined in” the long-running trend in CNY. 
Kamakshya Trivedi 
Graphic language | US strategy - US equities typically struggle around the start of Fed 
tightening cycles 
14 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 7]
 
 
GS Events (Home Page here) 
Asia Healthcare CDMO Day | Singapore | 23-25 Sep 
n
Japan Conference | Tokyo | 30 Nov - 4 Dec
n
 
 
 
 
14 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 8]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Michael Snaith and Caleb Chan, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject 
company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the 
specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Michael Snaith Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Caleb Chan Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
14 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 9]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
14 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 10]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
14 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 


[Page 11]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
14 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
The 720
 
 
