[Page 1]
Pierfrancesco Mei 
+1(212)902-8809 | 
pierfrancesco.mei@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Fed Chatterbox: September Edition
13 September 2026 | 6:42PM EDT
The Fed Chatterbox highlights notable comments on key topics from Fed officials since the 
last FOMC meeting.  A few themes stand out: 
Since the FOMC’s July meeting, many participants have said that their decisions 
n
about the appropriate stance of policy will depend on incoming information 
about inflation. Several participants echoed Governor Barr, who noted that “if 
trends in the data give me some confidence that inflation is moderating on a path 
to 2 percent, then I think we can take a bit more time to assess our policy 
stance,” but “if inflation appears not to be moderating sufficiently, then I think we 
should act decisively to raise rates.” A few participants, however, have shared 
President Hammack’s view that “policy is not restrictive” and that “it is time to 
act” by raising the fed funds rate. 
On the inflation outlook, some participants have shared Chairman Warsh’s 
n
concern that “while this summer’s PCE and CPI readings were better than 
expected, they do not tell me that underlying trends have meaningfully 
improved.” In particular, a few participants have agreed with President Schmid’s 
view that “inflation has been too high across a broad-based and growing 
cross-section of goods and services.” A few others, however, have agreed with 
Governor Waller who said that “recent data suggest we are finally seeing some 
signs of disinflation,” and with President Williams, who similarly noted that “we 
are neither seeing second-round effects” of tariffs nor “unusual broadening” of 
the impact of higher energy prices, though their comments came prior to this 
week’s warmer CPI print. 
Almost all participants—commenting on the labor market after a somewhat 
n
weaker July jobs report but before a stronger August report—have characterized 
it, in Chairman Warsh’s words, as “quite stable” and “consistent with full 
employment.”
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 


[Page 2]
 
The Policy Outlook
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
Sep 4
Hammack
Both the hard data and the 
anecdotes are telling me the same 
thing: policy is not restrictive. 
Inflation is too high—and the longer 
it stays above our objective, the 
harder it will be to bring it back 
down. I’ll keep paying attention to 
the data and listening to the 
anecdotes. Right now, what I’m 
hearing is that it is time to act.
Remarks
Sep 3
Waller
1. The short version is that, while 
inflation remains meaningfully above 
the FOMC’s 2 percent goal, recent 
data suggest we are finally seeing 
some signs of disinflation. If this 
continues in the data due over the 
next two weeks, I would be inclined 
to support holding the target for the 
federal funds rate at its current 
setting. 
2. So my decision on the appropriate 
stance of policy will be heavily 
influenced by what we learn about 
August inflation. If there is continued 
progress toward our 2 percent goal, 
then I am willing to support holding 
the policy rate at its current level… 
But if inflation comes in hot, I would 
consider a rate hike. I judge that 
policy is currently only slightly 
restricting aggregate demand, and it 
may not take much acceleration in 
inflation to nudge me into supporting 
tighter policy. If there is evidence 
that progress toward 2 percent 
inflation reversed in August, a small 
adjustment in our stance would help 
ensure that it resumes.
Remarks
Sep 2
Williams
1. I think we have to wait and see… I 
would say that the data recently have 
been encouraging, but we can’t just 
look at a month or two, we have to 
look at the full picture. 
2.  I obviously supported our decision 
not to raise rates at the July FOMC 
meeting… I think rates were in a 
good place to balance the two sides 
of our mandate. We are collecting a 
lot of data now and we’ll have to 
reassess.
Remarks
Sep 1
Barr
At the September FOMC meeting, if 
trends in the data give me some 
confidence that inflation is 
moderating on a path to 2 percent, 
then I think we can take a bit more 
time to assess our policy stance. 
However, if inflation appears not to 
be moderating sufficiently, then I 
think we should act decisively to raise 
rates.
Remarks
Aug 28
Goolsbee
[At the July FOMC meeting,] I was 
personally comfortable with holding 
rates unchanged and  figuring out in 
Remarks
13 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 3]
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
this period if we are getting back 
towards 2 percent or if the economy 
is starting to overheat again.
Aug 27
Schmid
1. I think [policy rates] might be 
accommodative on the short end... 
So we’ve got work to do. 
2. There were some of my colleagues 
who dissented at the July FOMC 
meeting, so I would probably put 
myself in that camp.
Remarks
Aug 25
Collins
I was comfortable with July’s FOMC 
decision to maintain the current 
target range for the federal funds 
rate. For now, this mildly restrictive 
policy stance should leave the 
Committee well positioned to 
address evolving economic 
conditions and return inflation to 
target in a reasonable amount of 
time. But for me, maintaining the 
current federal funds rate target 
range will require continued evidence 
that inflation is indeed coming 
down… Should evidence of sustained 
inflation progress not materialize, I 
believe it will be appropriate to 
tighten policy soon to ensure we 
deliver price stability in a reasonable 
time frame.
Remarks
Aug 23
Kashkari
We need to see more data. I don’t 
want to prejudge the next meeting... 
But I’m not feeling confident right 
now that inflation is heading back 
down to target in a short period of 
time.
Remarks
Aug 20
Daly
I was very supportive of the July hold 
and continue to look at the 
information that comes between now 
and the next meeting about whether 
any signs of that worrisome dynamic 
would be forming. I haven’t seen 
them yet… The recent prints on both 
inflation and the labor market didn’t 
really change that picture for me.
Remarks
Aug 20
Musalem
1. My sense is that monetary policy is 
neutral or accommodative, and that 
broader financial conditions are 
pretty accommodative. 
2. At the July FOMC meeting, I was in 
favor of raising rates. I believe that 
earlier, more gradual interest rate 
increases are preferable, better, less 
disruptive, than later, potentially 
larger and more abrupt increases.
Remarks
Aug 5
Cook
[At the July FOMC meeting,] I felt it 
was appropriate not to change rates 
while we see how these factors 
[contributing to higher inflation] 
evolve. If I do not see signs of 
continued disinflation soon, I am 
prepared to act. With five years of 
above-target inflation, the risk grows 
that higher inflation may become 
entrenched in price- and 
wage-setting behavior, leading to 
persistence that would be much 
harder for us to attack.
Remarks
13 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 4]
 
 
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
Sep 3
Waller
1. Notwithstanding uncertainty over 
the geopolitical factors that have 
raised prices, I don’t see elevated 
energy prices and tariffs now as a 
significant source of ongoing inflation 
pressure. The evidence is that the 
price effects of tariffs have largely 
passed through inflation, and my 
earlier worry that higher energy 
prices would bleed into many goods 
Remarks
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
Aug 4
Paulson
I see two plausible scenarios for how 
current policy is affecting inflation, 
and the incoming evidence will clarify 
which path we’re on and what 
adjustments, if any, may be needed. 
One possibility is that the current 
setting of the federal funds rate is 
mildly restrictive and this will bring 
inflation to 2 percent in an 
acceptable time frame… The other 
possibility, however, is that current 
policy is not restrictive enough to 
deliver our target rate of 2 percent 
inflation.
Remarks
Aug 4
Schmid
With the labor market in balance and 
growth resilient, my primary concern 
is inflation. Given the strength of 
demand and investment, I do not see 
the current stance of monetary 
policy as restrictive. As such, I believe 
that bringing inflation down to the 
Fed’s 2 percent objective will require 
tighter policy.
Remarks
July 31
Kashkari
To manage against the risk that high 
inflation could become entrenched, I 
would rather tighten policy 
incrementally as we gather more data 
on the path of inflation and 
employment. If inflation remains 
elevated, in my view, a potential 
series of small policy moves would be 
better than waiting and eventually 
concluding that even bolder actions 
were necessary. On the other hand, if 
inflation durably fades, a strategy of 
small policy steps would allow the 
FOMC to slow or pause subsequent 
adjustments without unnecessary 
impact on the real economy.
Remarks
July 31
Logan
Without any policy restraint, inflation 
will likely continue to trend above 
target until there’s an unanticipated 
shock. The FOMC cannot count on 
unanticipated shocks to achieve its 
goals and can always adjust policy if 
unanticipated shocks occur. Modest 
action in the near term would reduce 
the likelihood of needing to take 
sharper action later.
Remarks
Inflation
13 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 5]
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
and services prices hasn’t come to 
pass, at least so far. 
2. While I was happy to see this 
monthly number for core inflation 
because it continued the pattern of 
lower monthly readings that we saw 
earlier in the year, what caught my 
eye in the last PCE report is that 
nonmarket services prices accounted 
for approximately half of the increase 
in core prices… but nonmarket 
services prices have always been an 
issue for me, since they are imputed 
and not actual price changes. So, 
ignoring this one factor, my take is 
that underlying inflation is doing 
better than the core numbers 
suggest. 
3. I do see some upside risks to 
inflation. Energy prices have moved 
up again and remain significantly 
higher than they were at the 
beginning of 2026, and the economy 
faces both pressure on technology 
goods prices related to the AI 
buildout and the possibility of more 
tariff increases. But, in contrast to the 
period of high inflation after the 
pandemic, wage growth, once one 
accounts for productivity growth, is 
broadly consistent with an 
expectation that inflation is 
continuing to come down to 2 
percent.
Sep 2
Williams
1. We are neither seeing 
second-round effects or broadening 
of the tariffs, nor unusual broadening 
of the effects of higher energy prices, 
and we are seeing well anchored 
inflation expectations. 
2. I’m seeing trend inflation moving 
slowly down as some of the effects of 
tariffs move into the rear-view mirror.
Remarks
Sep 1
Barr
A series of shocks—from tariffs and 
then the conflict in the Middle East, 
as well as from the rapid AI 
buildout—pushed us off course. And 
core non-housing services inflation 
remains elevated. With inflation 
above target for a protracted period, 
there is a risk of broader price 
pressures taking hold, a risk I am 
watching closely.
Remarks
Aug 28
Warsh
1. On the price stability side of our 
mandate, the numbers are more 
concerning… So the Fed’s 
predominant focus right now should 
be on prices. 
2. While this summer’s PCE and CPI 
readings were better than expected, 
they do not tell me that underlying 
trends have meaningfully improved. 
3. We must be confident that 
underlying inflation is moving to our 
objective, clearly and at sufficient 
speed. Otherwise, we have work to 
do.
Remarks
Aug 28
Goolsbee
1. As I look at the inflation data, we 
were above the target, then it was 
going the wrong way, then we got a 
Remarks
13 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 6]
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
couple of months of more benign 
readings but that certainly doesn’t 
feel like we’re out of the woods. 
2. All eyes have got to be on this: is 
inflation going to be temporary 
because of the shocks or is this more 
persistent because the economy is 
getting hotter than it’s capable of?
Aug 25
Collins
1. While June and July inflation 
reports were mildly encouraging, 
monthly readings can be volatile. It 
remains to be seen whether the 
recent improvements will be 
sustained. 
2. In the coming months, I will be 
looking for evidence that inflation is 
durably returning to 2 percent, 
consistent with my modal, or most 
likely, outlook for the remainder of 
this year. This outlook is predicated 
on seeing limited additional tariff 
increases and some degree of 
reopening of the Strait of Hormuz, 
two developments I am watching 
closely. 
3. I see three factors that should help 
with the gradual disinflation process. 
First, a balanced labor market… 
should not be a source of additional 
price pressures. Second, mildly 
restrictive monetary policy… should 
mitigate, at least to some extent, a 
possible re-acceleration in household 
and business spending. And third, 
solid productivity growth… should 
put some downward pressure on 
prices… But less benign scenarios are 
also quite plausible. In particular, 
there are upside risks to inflation 
from both additional adverse supply 
shocks, and a 
stronger-than-expected pace of 
economic activity.
Remarks
Aug 20
Musalem
1. My sense is that inflation is high for 
two reasons. We had a sequence of 
supply shocks—and we might have 
another supply shock in the fall with 
El Niño coming—and we have 
persistent demand forces in the 
economy, for instance the AI 
buildout, directly through [the boost 
to] capex and indirectly through 
equity prices and wealth effects. 
2. Inflation, when you strip out the 
effect of supply shocks, is between 
2.5 and 3 percent, which is too high. 
We need to bring inflation back down 
to 2 percent over the next 18 
months. 
Remarks
Aug 5
Cook
1. Thinking of the price stability side 
of our mandate, my assessment is 
simple: Inflation is too high. This has 
been my long-held view, and I have 
noted that inflation has moved 
significantly away from our target 
over the past year. The inflation 
picture improved modestly in June, 
the most recent month for which we 
have data. However, I would not put 
too much weight on a single data 
Remarks
13 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 7]
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
point, especially in what remains a 
highly uncertain environment. 
2. Some disinflationary forces are 
already in play, which could push 
inflation toward our target without a 
rate increase. First, the effects of 
tariffs announced last year on the 
price level are mostly behind us… 
Second, while oil prices continue to 
be elevated relative to early this year 
because of the Middle East conflict, 
many forecasters suggest that they 
will come down by the end of the 
year, providing some deflationary 
relief… Third, as supply chains adjust 
and sector-specific efficiency gains 
accrue, I believe some of the 
inflationary pressure coming from 
the AI buildout will ease.
Aug 4
Paulson
1. The recent improvement in some 
inflation data is welcome. It is a step 
in the right direction, but it is only 
one step. 
2. Oil prices have since jumped and 
remain volatile, but the brief period 
of Middle East stability demonstrated 
that supply shocks can be temporary, 
reinforcing the case for looking 
through such disruptions when 
setting monetary policy.
Remarks
Aug 4
Schmid
1. Though the most recent inflation 
data for June showed an encouraging 
deceleration, it would be premature 
to put too much weight on a single 
data point relative to recent trends. 
2. Our inflation problem is not only 
about energy. Measures of inflation 
that exclude energy are still running 
solidly above 2 percent, revealing an 
underlying trend in the data… 
Inflation has been too high across a 
broad-based and growing 
cross-section of goods and 
services… More generally, a focus on 
supply shocks often represents an 
implicit assumption that the factors 
pushing up inflation are temporary or 
transitory. I am uncomfortable ever 
assuming that a burst of inflation will 
be temporary. Inflation shocks are 
not intrinsically transitory. How 
persistent a spike in inflation is 
ultimately depends importantly on 
how the Fed reacts or is expected to 
react.
Remarks
July 31
Hammack
Inflation has remained stubbornly 
above 2 percent for more than five 
years, and I am not confident it will 
return to our objective on its own. 
Supply-side factors, including energy 
prices, have boosted inflation this 
year, but I see inflationary pressures 
coming from the demand side of the 
economy, as well.
Remarks
July 31
Kashkari
In the face of individual supply 
shocks that temporarily elevate 
inflation, monetary policymakers 
should “look through” the shock and 
allow it to pass on its own. I largely 
subscribe to that view, but I 
Remarks
13 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 8]
 
Pierfrancesco Mei
Date
Speaker
Key Quote(s)
Venue
increasingly believe that monetary 
policy does have an important role to 
play in addressing a series of 
successive supply shocks that might 
lead to entrenched higher inflation.
13 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 9]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Pierfrancesco Mei, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced by 
considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Pierfrancesco Mei Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
13 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 10]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
13 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 


[Page 11]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
13 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Fed Chatterbox
 
 
