[Page 1]
GS Wojdyla - AIS 5 Takeaways from Communacopia 13 Sep 2026
Dani Wojdyla  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, FICC & Equities
Sun 13 Sep 2026, 4:41pm ET
Coming back from a whirlwind few days at our Communacopia + Technology Conference in SF where we
had 260+ of the world’s leading tech companies host meetings over 4 days along with record attendance
(especially from the Asia investor base) and meeting requests. Top 10 most requested names: MSFT,
DDOG, CRWV, SHOP, AVGO, AMD, NVDA, NBIS, TSM, NFLX.
Everything around the conference including webcast replays, GIR notes & more can be found here. Pete
Callahan has also published great content around the conference here.
Overall soundbites were positive across the Tech landscape, led by robust commentary around the AI
Compute landscape (via cloud providers, outer-year Semis demand visibility & Enterprise spend trends),
Cyber demand & healthy/resilient consumer datapoints.
While structural questions on the AI trade remain heavily debated (particularly on capex and ARR
estimates in 2027/2028), it felt like the conference was well timed in trying to frame the next leg of the
trade – post Astra launch and Muse Spark’s Assistant launch, ahead of potential historical IPO, after
summer slowdown, post recent de-grossing, etc.
Sentiment also felt hopeful (vs unanimously bullish) with clients expressing interest to add back tech
exposure given positioning arguably came off too much. We are starting to see that come through in our
data…
HFs buying back tech - our HF PB data shows that HFs have net bought US TMT stocks (Info Tech and
Comm Svcs combined) in 10 of the last 11 trading sessions, and on a trailing 2-week basis in % terms, the
recent pace of long buying in US TMT is the largest since Jun ’25 and ranks in the 97th percentile on a 5-
year lookback.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities data as of 11-Sep-26. Past performance is not indicative of
future results.


[Page 2]
This week will be a macro-heavy week -- FOMC on Wednesday with the market now pricing in a 90%
chance of a rate hike. GS now also expects a hike (vs a hold previously) mostly on view that the FOMC
will want to avoid the market reaction that would likely follow from remaining on hold when the market is
pricing in ~90% chance of a hike.
Before we turn the page on Communacopia, highlighting 5 of my takeaways from the conference below
including: coding is everything, cybersecurity top of mind, semis more constructive, application layer in
focus, and consumer in a good place. Happy to discuss or connect you to the experts in more detail.
Lastly, please join us for a Communacopia Takeaways Webinar – Mon Sep 14th @ 10pm HKT - we are
hosting a webinar with 12 of our research analysts to discuss what we learned from 2026 Communacopia
+ Technology Conference, held from Sep 8-11 in SF. Register for zoom here.
5 takes…
1/ Coding is everything – and it is easiest for AI to learn because there is a right answer, as Jensen noted
during his keynote. In our conversations with investors, the question that keeps coming up is if we need


[Page 3]
something after coding, but it seems the market is underestimating how much ARPU expansion coding
alone can still deliver.
Frontier models also heavily debated, especially between US and Asia managers as highlighted during a
dinner we hosted at the conference. In US investors are talking more about Frontier models, while in Asia
they are not thinking about it as much. The view discussed is that while compute is expensive, frontier-
level intelligence is only needed some of the time as most workloads and projects are relatively simple and
do not require it; the rest runs on open-source models. If that is the viewpoint, then 2028 capex seems hard
to call; eg, if open-source models can already deliver that level of efficiency, we may not need anywhere
the compute buildout the market is currently pricing in.
2/ Cyber security likely to be the next major use case for AI. Security was arguably the biggest theme at
the conference. Jensen (NVDA) also talked about this at his keynote: ‘but the fact of the matter is
cybersecurity will likely be the next major use case of AI, and it's going to run continuously’ (bbg
transcript) with PANW describing a model ‘fabric’ approach whereby a multi-model harness is being used
by PANW to find all the vulnerabilities that current AI will help you find. As a lateral, DELL talked about
heightened cyber / security risks as a catalyst for upgrading hardware environments.
So… what to Buy? The pushback is that stocks exposed are already ‘too expensive.’ CrowdStrike among
best plays here given 10+ yrs of proprietary security data as a moat. Palo Alto Networks another play –
CEO noted at the conference that AI security industry is “not even built yet” and commented on high
fragmentation in enterprise security stacks.
Would reflag Gabriela Borges/GIR deep dive on the security space from back in July here. At the time, her
estimates arrived at a ~$20bn AI Security TAM in 2031, implying a 2pt boost to industry growth rates, but
that number already looks too conservative...
3/ Semis more constructive. Several investors we talked to noted that positioning in semis looks too light –
after some investors had semis at ~80%+ of their book earlier in the year (around May/June), the right
balance now is neither that concentrated nor as low as 10%; a healthy balance seems more appropriate.


[Page 4]
An informal poll we did with 12 managers at a dinner showed a general drift toward more constructive on
semis post conference, even as long-term structural questions remain (eg, capex estimates in 2028). What
would justify re-concentrating: new use cases and evidence that coding TAM is accelerating rather than
decelerating.
Jim Schneider/GIR hosted 32 companies across the semis space last week in SF (here), including company
presentations from Nvidia, Broadcom, AMD, Cadence, Credo, NXP Semiconductors, Qualcomm, Camtek,
Amkor, IBM, EPAM, KLAC, Lam Research, TSMC, Applied Materials, Qnity, SiTime, Teradyne,
GlobalFoundries, Seagate and SanDisk.
Some of Jim’s main takeaways (more in note):
• AI adoption trends and ROI -- companies cited concrete ways in which they are implementing AI in their
internal business processes to drive incremental revenue growth via new product development and faster
innovation cycles in services. Notably, Broadcom expects the majority of AI economics to accrue to
owners of leading frontier models. Nvidia sees a strong need for both open-weight and closed frontier
models in the market.
• Digital Semis & EDA Software - companies remained highly bullish on AI infrastructure spending, with
Nvidia's Jensen Huang reiterating $3-$4tn in AI infrastructure spending level by 2030. Supply remains
constrained across both upstream components and downstream datacenter capacity, though we believe
land, power, and facility availability are emerging as the bigger bottlenecks. Meanwhile, Cadence noted
chip complexity is expected to increase 48x over the next five years, driving demand for its agentic AI-
driven design solutions.
• Memory Storage - AI inference workloads are driving structurally higher levels of data usage for context
windows, which is creating substantially higher levels of demand both for NAND and mass storage. As a
result, companies expect persistent tightness in both of these areas to support higher pricing and margins
for at least the next 12-18 months. Although the companies we hosted stressed the need to maintain supply
prudence, they also noted that visibility into longer-term demand is improving and remain confident in a
strong CY27.
Focus turns to MU which reports 4Q later this month. Jim’s preview here; expect another strong quarter as
tight conditions persist, with capital returns in focus. “We expect investors to focus on Strategic Customer
Agreements (SCAs) added in the quarter, capital return plans, and HBM4 product trends. We expect
persistent supply/demand tightness to drive another strong quarter with upside to the Street and company
guidance. We believe investor positioning is positively biased given persistent tightness in DRAM and
NAND, set against some investor concerns over longer-term supply additions from competitors
(particularly in China).”
4/ Application layer in focus. We heard from Microsoft, Sandisk, DELL, ServiceNow & others that AI
infrastructure/storage-side demand signals remain solid, and the shift toward long-term contracts reflects
the supply side's growing push for demand visibility. Meta’s MUSE release also became a major topic of
discussion.


[Page 5]
Investors increasingly see the debate shifting away from “who owns the capex benefit” toward “who will
actually own the next generation of AI applications and user engagement.” There seems to be much less
excitement around the old capex-owner narrative. After hearing multiple semi and infrastructure sessions,
investors generally feel there is limited new information left in that debate. The next pool of capital is
likely to chase companies that can prove they own the application layer, distribution, and end-user
relationship.
5/ Consumer in a good place. Some positive soundbites throughout the Conference: Visa noted that despite
persistent consumer sentiment uncertainty, actual spending remains highly stable. The U.S. business (a $7
trillion footprint) is tracking at 9% QTD through August, while globally, mgmt is seeing the continued
strength they saw in FQ3. EBAY commentary that the US Consumer demand remains relatively resilient,
with eBay benefiting from its unique position serving both value-conscious shoppers and enthusiast
buyers. Management noted continued engagement within enthusiast categories and highlighted that
consumers remain focused on value, recommerce, and non-new inventory. ABNB noted that core business
is approaching ~$100bn of GBV, with ~70% of business concentrated in five countries (and 4 of 5 largest
markets are accelerating). ETSY framed the AI story as an opportunity with early success from improving
marketplace matching and surfacing more relevant inventory to buyers, with the ultimate goal of creating
a more engaging and efficient shopping experience for both buyers and sellers. AI has enabled deeper
inventory understanding, buyer understanding, and purchase intent allowing Etsy to surface personalized
and relevant listings, improve conversion, and increase buyer consideration across the marketplace.
On the Agentic Commerce topic – Etsy noted that it has partnered with third-party LLMs and emerging AI
platforms to ensure its unique and differentiated inventory remains discoverable wherever consumers
begin their shopping journey. While still in the early stages, traffic from agentic platforms remains small
but high intent and mgmt is confident that agentic experiences should complement the current shopping
journey. Interesting framing from Walmart at the conference re: agentic commerce – who noted that third
party AI agents are often programmed to optimize for retail metrics such as the lowest price, fastest speed,
and broadest assortment. Given Walmart's scale, supply chain, and EDLP model, the company often wins
on these metrics and emerges as the recommended solution for customers.
In terms of preferred longs, AMZN one that our desk likes here. AI trade going to broaden out, catalyst
path ahead with ReInvest Conference in Nov, and among best positioned for physical AI trades. See Eric
Sheridan/GIR’s latest note here.
We have our Consumer & Retailing Conference in NYC this Mon/Tues; conference website here.
Communacopia
See all feedback from Communacopia Conference here
Global Tech
US Semis Day 3 incl Nvidia - "Nvidia reiterated its outlook of AI infrastructure spending of $3-$4tn in
2030, and noted that its co-design capabilities - software, system, and components - as a source of


[Page 6]
competitive differentiation. Mr. Huang noted that upstream and downstream supply constraints remain
significant." Buy. (James Schneider)
Company specific note: Nvidia Corp. (NVDA)
TSMC (2330.TW) - View AI as a multi-year mega-trend that remains at a very early stage, with lower
compute costs expected to accelerate AI adoption and ultimately drive greater demand for advanced
silicon, Buy. (Evelyn Yu)
Broadcom (AVGO) - Supply is constraint, expects majority of AI economics to accrue to owners of
leading frontier models, Buy. (James Schneider)
US Semis Day 1 - Strong AI spending environment with tight supply (more constrained on data centre
land/power/shell than on upstream components) contributing to extended lead times. (James Schneider)
Alphabet (GOOGL) - Continued AI momentum with diverse portfolio, multiple monetisation pathways
(subs, hardware, partner-led deployment models), Buy. (Eric Sheridan)
SpaceX (SPCX) - Reiterated its prior expectation to earn between $30-50bn/GW in 2027, Buy. (Eric
Sheridan)
Media
Omnicom (OMC) - Integration has gone smoothly, especially in Integrated Media. Well positioned for
growth, margin expansion, and capital returns, Buy. (Adam Berlin) Scout24 (G24n.DE) - Confident in
CMD targets despite more challenging market, Buy (Adam Berlin) Informa (INF.L) - Highlight
confidence in delivering 2026 guidance, underpinned by solid trading momentum, events in the Middle
East have re-started at scale and performing in line with expectations outlined at H1 result, Buy. (James
Tate)
European Tech
ASML (ASML.AS) - New capacity announcement points to further EUV upside, Buy on CL. (Alexander
Duval)
Adyen (ADYEN.AS) - Confident in 1H growth with multiple building blocks, superior tech, Buy on CL.
(Mohammed Moawalla)
SAP (SAPG.DE) - Communacopia feedback positive, AI adoption at forefront of client conversations and
company 4Q CCB guide remains prudent, Buy. (Mohammed Moawalla)
Wise (WSE) - Platforms as significant growth lever, Wise Acct deepening engagement, aim to submit new
US application to OCC, capital allocation to focus on buybacks, Buy. (Mohammed Moawalla)
Nebius (NBIS) - Visibility extends into 2028, capacity expansion on track, Palantir partnership strengthens
enterprise distribution, Buy. (Alexander Duval)
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 13 September 2026.
