[Page 1]
GS Garrett - weekend prep 13 Sep 2026
Brian Garrett  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Sun 13 Sep 2026, 3:30pm ET
we digested a lot last week, we will digest more over the next five sessions … investor anxiety remains
high (net exposure 6th percentile / massive macro etf shorting this week / etc) while surface volatility
remains eerily calm (VIX 15 / 27 sessions <100bps trading bands / spx 1w straddle 130bps / etc)
macro assets have been walking a tight-rope between tipping point and status quo for most of the summer
… none have forced a risk event, but the margin for error is getting narrower (good time for a virtual
macro symposium, starting tomorrow 8amEST – register here / password GCEM2026/ 3 days 1hr per day
– heavy hitters speaking)
some catalysts the desk is focused on this week below … all of which having the potential to alter
sentiment (and prices) … that said, we are forced to recognize that 2026 is unmatched at
compartmentalizing macro drivers into lower vol / higher dispersion landscape
oil – is back to the center of the conversation as crude went >100 and brent went >109 this week (ignore it
until you can’t) … geopolitics raise the risk of global inflation at the wrong time for central banks …
oman discussions monday will make headlines, we saw hedging go thru into the weekend in leisure names
(airlines, cruiselines, retail etc) … gs increased brent / wti forecasts higher last week, with the new
assumption that middle east shipping is disrupted through 2027 … last time crude was here, oil implied
vols were 2x


[Page 2]
fed – the house call has changed, a hike on wednesday is now both consensus and the gs expectation… if
you read the gs research note, it feels like our econ team is viewing this as a “forced hike” to manage
market optics and less so driven by fundamentals …what was once viewed as bear-candy, a sept hike
could actually calm market nerves (for a day) … a “one and done” dynamic takes the guess-work out of
the rest of the year’s fed meetings … it reinforces fed credibility (“we listen to what the market is telling
us”) … and it reinforces independence (warsh will hike in spite of political influence)
japan – this one feels underappreciated by those in the US … with 10y Japan yields near 3%, domestic
fixed income is competitive again (reminder, boj meets this week) … this has the potential to turn one of
the worlds largest source of foreign capital from a structural buyer of global duration into a source of
repatriation … the risk is less so a sale of current holdings, but a loss of the marginal buyer at the time
when sovereign bonds are trying regain back end credibility
bonds – the long end is becoming an incremental constraint on risk … 10y knocking on 5% into the
weekend, while the 30y trades north of 5.3% … higher yields leading to term premium / fiscal supply /
inflation questions are one of the largest threats to long duration / high multiple stocks right now … my
colleagues put together a simple menu for “back end hedges” here … the avg 30y mortgage crossed above
7% this week … there is a 13bn 20 year auction this week (clickbait: “reading auction results”)
ai – this situation is highly consequential and highly fluid … dario’s essay over the weekend reminds us of
both … this omnipresent risk underlies every market dynamic, but is both the definition of a known
known (AI is coming and will be transformative) while at the same time its the definition of an unknown
unknown (the speed is inflecting and the final outcome + knock-on effects feel unknowable)
good luck
-bg
1/ pb (i) … equities were net sold … macro products (ie, etf shorts) saw the largest $ selling since
liberation day, driven almost entirely by shorts ... investors remain cautious
2/ pb (ii) … in terms of sectors … gs communacopia coincided with the largest 2 week long buying in tmt
names since 2025 … cyclicals were sold for the second straight week, led by financials (HF’s selling this
sector aggressively)
3/ onedelta (i) … asset managers were also better for sale across almost every sector (tmt, hcar, industrials,
tech) … as mentioned many times this year, focus on hedge fund cohort for the weekly pulse check …
focus on the long only asset managers for the longer term trend
4/ onedelta (ii) … chart below sticks out … cash volumes hit an all time high in July (mvoluse, 1m avg)
… since then, volumes have dropped by almost 40% (post-covid type decline)


[Page 3]
5/ futures … we sent around some charts and data earlier in the week on CTAs … global equity markets
broke short term trendlines this week, and created marginal forced selling … friday’s rally was welcome
but some of this technical damage is already done (our note here // CTA analysis update will be available
tomorrow)
6/ derivs (i) … index put vol skew has steepened to highest level since July (despite ATM hardly moving)
… flows since labor day have not increased, despite participants “back to school” headlines … the gamma
dynamic is going to make rallies more difficult (longer gamma to the upside)


[Page 4]
7/ derivs (ii) … there continues to be a dislocation between sentiment and implied vol levels …
AAIIBEAR is pricing closer to a VIX 25 environment than a VIX 15 environment
8/ derivs (iii) … 27 consecutive sessions without an intraday band of >100bps (mathematically the widest
observed band during a session) … in a low volume tape, this feels like the 0dte vol tail wagging the es1
market dog


[Page 5]
9/ converts ... this is the most active convertible bond issuance year in history ... it is establishing itself as a
key funding source in the AI buildout landscape ... we published a deep dive here
10/ baskets … we are focusing on secular growth themes with little sensitivity to the economy … favorite
trades include 1/ buying the dip in AI hardware (gstmtdat) – fundamentals are strong and positioning is
clean … 2/ as ai agents make the switch among service providers easier, the desk likes going short the
consumer inertia basket (gsxuswch) – focused on stocks where consumer stickiness is driven less by
differentiation and more by switching friction
Source: Bloomberg / Goldman Sachs Banking and Markets / as of 11 Sep 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future returns.
