[Page 1]
GS Callahan - GS US TMT recap Communacopia Technology
Conference 13 Sep 2026
Peter Callahan  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  TMT Sector Specialist
Sun 13 Sep 2026, 3:37pm ET
GS US TMT … a few takes below from the GS Communacopia + Technology Conference in SF last week
...
A busy weekend scrolling through X takes, chauffeuring kids to sports and getting ready for the Eagles
(NFL) game today … in the meantime a few lingering takes from our GS TMT Conference in SF last
week (incl a GIR webinar @ 10am ET tmrw) ahead of what promises to be a busy week in markets – on
tap this week; Analyst days (CRM, ON, HUBS, INTU, INGM, JKHY, WK) .. company events (SPCX
Grok, SNAP Specs, ADSK AU, CSCO Splunk.conf, SentinelOne LABScon) + conferences (GS EU TMT,
GS Consumer, All-in-Summit) + Central Banks (FOMC, BOE, BOJ) – full calendar below.
1. Big picture … a very upbeat week of micro datapoints and soundbites across the TMT landscape -
healthy consumer soundbites (Visa / MA said August was consistent with July + LYV / TKO noted
demand for live events remains intact), steady Enterprise demand trends (esp driven by need to modernize
Tech stacks for AI era), a healthy Semi S/D backdrop (no signs of cooling in demand)…
2. Investor sentiment .. healthy tension about fully “re-committing” to the AI infra trade – “bottoms up”
datapoints remain very constructive – frankly, hard to find any negatives out there (supply/demand
remains tight, token demand is robust and product innovation has picked up) .. which .. is juxtaposed
against lingering “top down” debates – an output of Summer volatility, macro uncertainty (Rates,
geopolitical), policy uncertainty (midterms) and, perhaps more simply, the ‘law of large numbers’ …
3. Most ‘’debated’ / topical names out of the conference .. AVGO vs NVDA (which is more likely to
work?) … RDDT (how do they resolve the debate AI positioning debate) … UBER (is the AV angst priced
or not)… HPQ / HPE / DELL (why do these keep going up and o/p broader Semis?) … ABNB (clear AI
vision from founder CEO – enough to outrun OTA ‘narrative’…. CDNS (if chip complexity is expected to
increase 48x over the next 5 years, per mgmt., why can’t stock trade better?) … MDB (is this going to
inflect or not?) … what else??
4. Data infra software plays continue to sound very upbeat - NET, SNOW, DT, DDOG, MDB types .. and,
yes, investors continue to view this group favorably as these names are arguably not all that tied to $$
capex, yet, still benefit from AI inference activity / adoption such that the “peak” debates just aren’t as
restrictive here (e.g. can get comfortable that the ‘best’ days for these names are a head of them – cue most
of these names seeing accelerating revenue growth in 2Q / 2H). Elsewhere, DOCN commentary was solid
noting that as customers move into production inference workloads, creating higher value monetization
opportunities through both token flow and agent flow that drive higher ARR/MW.


[Page 2]
5. Security was arguably the biggest “theme” at the conference – look no further than Jensen’s (NVDA)
commentary: ‘but the fact of the matter is cybersecurity will likely be the next major use case of AI, and
it's going to run continuously’ (bbg transcript) with PANW describing a model ‘fabric’ approach whereby
a multi-model harness is being used by PANW to find all the vulnerabilities that current AI will help you
find .. and, then, as a lateral, DELL talked about heightened cyber / security risks as a catalyst for
upgrading hardware environments ..
6. Homework projects … key themes & debates to wrestle with from here: adoption of consumer
assistants / agentic commerce (esp post Muse) .. memory cycle debates (and second derivative plays into
Semicap or HW / OEMs) .. who can win the “orchestration” layer (MSFT, SNOW, NOW and others spoke
to the ‘agent’ or model orchestration opportunity)…. SaaS’ monetization of AI (HUBS, KKVYO, FIG still
finding the right mix of ‘price’ x ’value’) …
7. Networking remains a key area to watch .. ANET; seeing strong demand across its AI networking
domains, particularly in back-end networks that connect GPU accelerators. Scale-across deployments are
seeing significant demand as customers face power, cooling, and data center space constraints, requiring
them to expand clusters across multiple locations .. CSCO noted: Agentic AI is driving a 5x increase in
network bandwidth consumption, catalyzing a durable networking demand cycle across all of CSCO's
customer segments including hyperscale, neocloud, and enterprise, as well as its product segments
8. Analog Semis .. worth revisiting? … good overview from Jim/GIR .. Datacenter and aerospace/defense
remained top of mind as the primary idiosyncratic growth drivers in the near term. However, companies
also struck a bullish tone on a broad-based recovery across end other markets - including industrial and
automotive - as evidenced by growing lead times and driven by lean inventory levels, content growth, and
steadily improving demand. On pricing, management teams largely expect selective ASP increases to
offset higher input costs, and for the positive topline effect to be gradual -- see more from Jim / GIR here.
9. …. finally, who better to hear it from than team GIR (Sheridan, Gabriela, Jim, Mike & more) @ 10am
ET on Monday Sept 14th – register here: chart of the week


[Page 3]
Chart watching .. the NDX has been in ‘consolidation’ mode for the better part of the last 4+ months…
where to from here: break-out or break-down?
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
events this week
Mon 9/14:
GS Hosts: AVAV + TEL + MSFT GS Annual Global Consumer & Retail Conference - CHWY The All-In
Summit CSCO: Splunk.conf26 GIR webinar recapping US Communacopia + Technology Conference @
10am ET
Piper Sandler Growth Frontiers Conference Barclays Global Financial Services Conference
Tue 9/15: US Empire Manufacturing
GS Annual Global Consumer & Retail Conference - Walmart Goldman Sachs European Communacopia
Conference GS Hosts: MSFT The All-In Summit SPCX: Grok Bot Galaxy live event (9/15–9/17) CRM
hosting Dreamforce Summit – keynote with Sam Altmant (OpenAI) ADSK hosting Autodesk University –
CEO keynote @ 12pm ET INGM hosting Capital Markets Day @ 11am ET JKHY hosting investor day @
2pm ET WK hosting Investor Day @ 1pm ET CSCO: Splunk.conf26 Oppenheimer FinTech Leaders
Conference
Wed 9/16: FOMC meeting (WIRP = ~85% chance of rate hike)
Goldman Sachs European Communacopia Conference GS Hosts: MSFT + FLYW CRM hosting
Dreamforce Summit -- investor day @ 4pm ET ADSK hosting Autodesk University - CEO keynote @


[Page 4]
12pm ET SentinelOne (S) hosting LABScon 2026 event SNAP hosting 'See for Yourself' SEPCS event
ON hosting Financial Analyst Day @ 2pm ET SPCX: Grok Bot Galaxy live event (9/15–9/17) HUBS
hosting UNBOUND User Conference CSCO: Splunk.conf26 AI Infra Summit
Thu 9/17: BOE meeting
GS Hosts: MSFT + Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission HUBS hosting Analyst Day @ 10am ET
(UNBOUND User Conference) INTU hosting Investor Day @ 11am ET SPCX: Grok Bot Galaxy live
event (9/15–9/17) SEMICON India CRM hosting Dreamforce Summit CSCO: Splunk.conf26 Zelman
2026 Housing Summit AI Infra Summit
Fri 9/18: BOJ meeting
AI Infra Summit Zelman 2026 Housing Summit
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 13 September 2026.
