[Page 1]
M
 Global Idea
Sunday Start | What's Next in Global Macro
The Politics of Compute 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Vishwanath Tirupattur
Strategist
 Vishwanath.Tirupattur@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1043 
Brian Nowak, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Brian.Nowak@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3365 
Vishwas Patkar
Strategist
 Vishwas.Patkar@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-8041 
AI infrastructure spending has become an important driver of economic growth and 
capital markets. Yet, as the pace and scale of AI infrastructure development has 
accelerated, so has resistance. Opposition to data centers is moving up the political 
agenda in the runup to midterm elections, raising the possibility that local concerns 
over power, water, land use, and costs could pave the way for broader policy and 
regulatory constraints. If such limits meaningfully dampen AI-related capital 
spending, could they alter the economic and market narratives that have come to 
define the current cycle? In this week's Sunday Start, we consider that possibility 
and its ramifications.
Start with the nature and breadth of the backlash. Public opposition is remarkably 
broad: a recent Gallup poll finds that seven in ten Americans oppose data-center 
construction in their local communities. It also cuts across party lines. Heatmap Pro 
and Embold Research find opposition among roughly two-thirds of Republicans, 
nearly 80% of independents, and 83% of Democrats. That political breadth has 
produced some unlikely alignments: the AI Data Center Moratorium Act introduced 
by Senator Bernie Sanders and Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez has 
attracted support from Steve Bannon, from the other end of the political spectrum.
More important, opposition is translating into policy action and changes to the 
project pipeline. New York enacted the first true state-level pause in July. Texas, until 
now a magnet for data-center investment, has ordered a broad review of the 
industry’s impact on local communities and resources and paused new approvals 
and grid connections. The New York Times  reports that roughly 500 jurisdictions 
have enacted bans or moratoriums, with some 150 local measures in July alone, 
while another 14 states are considering state-wide moratoriums. As we have noted 
elsewhere, projects totalling an estimated ~$156 billion were cancelled or delayed in 
2025, with another ~$130 billion affected in 1Q26. While not our base case, the risk 
that political opposition slows the AI infrastructure buildout is no longer negligible.
What would a slowdown mean for the economy? The math is meaningful. Morgan 
Stanley economists Lingdi Xu and Michael Gapen estimate that AI-related 
investment contributed 0.6 percentage points to annualized real GDP growth in 
2025 and 0.8 percentage points in 1H26, roughly one-third of overall growth  after 
accounting for import leakage and productivity gains (see Building a better 
mousetrap: AI spending and its contribution to US GDP growth, for more details). 
They forecast real GDP growth of 2.6% in 2027, with 0.85 percentage points tied to 
AI-related capex. Less or deferred investment would weigh on growth. But the 
impact may extend beyond capex. Expectations of sustained AI investment have 
arguably supported equity valuations and household consumption through the 
wealth effect. Lower asset prices could dampen sentiment and restrain 
consumption.
Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result, 
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan Stanley 
Research. Investors should consider Morgan Stanley 
Research as only a single factor in making their investment 
decision.
For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
report.
September 13, 2026 06:15 AM GMT
 
 


[Page 2]
M
 Global Idea
2
Importantly, however, we would distinguish the slowdown in AI capex we are 
contemplating from a conventional investment downturn. Here, the constraints are 
political and regulatory, not insufficient demand for compute or a shortage of 
capital to fund it. Demand for compute already far exceeds available supply. A 
deceleration in capacity additions would intensify and prolong the existing shortfall 
in compute. For equity markets, this could strengthen the position of the 
“merchants of compute” – hyperscalers – by increasing the scarcity value of their 
installed base and enhancing their pricing power. This would reinforce our already 
strong conviction in high-quality hyperscaler equities. The implications for AI 
adopters, however, would be negative. Slower capacity growth would likely raise 
the cost and limit the availability of compute, slowing the pace of AI adoption across 
the broader economy. A politically constrained capex cycle would benefit the 
owners of compute capacity and likely delay AI-driven productivity gains, weighing 
on stocks in our AI Adopters basket.
The effects on credit markets could be counterintuitive. A slower AI buildout would 
reduce capital needs and in turn, debt issuance. Much of this summer’s spread 
widening has reflected the need to absorb elevated issuance rather than concerns 
about credit fundamentals. If issuance surprises to the downside relative to the high 
levels markets are expecting, this technical pressure could abate, limiting further 
widening and potentially allowing spreads to tighten from current levels.
The implications extend beyond economics and markets. A sustained slowdown in 
the US AI buildout could have geopolitical consequences, allowing China to narrow 
or even erase the US lead in AI capabilities. The political backlash against data 
centers is real. Whether it translates into a sustained slowdown in AI-related capex 
remains unclear. But given the importance of AI capex to growth and markets, a 
meaningful deceleration could reshape the economic and market narratives that 
have defined this cycle.
Enjoy your Sunday.
Send Us Feedback
What I'm Reading This Week
Asia Economics: The Viewpoint: Comparing The State of Public Finances Across Asia
China's Emerging Frontiers: China's Next Industrial Revolution 
Digital Assets: Digital Assets: From Disruption to Convergence
Quantitative Investment Strategies: Volatility Surface Relative Value: Beyond Short 
Vol Risk Premium 
AI and Economic Transition: Dispelling an AI Myth: Why Affluent Consumers May Be 
Safer Than Advertised  
What We Are Watching This Week
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14
India CPI & WPI: We expect CPI to edge up to 4.9%Y led by a broad-based 


[Page 3]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
3
uptick in prices. On a sequential basis, however, we expect prices to soften a 
tad, led by a moderation in food prices. We expect WPI to remain sticky in 
YoY terms, as higher food prices offset the moderation in fuel prices, while 
core WPI remains stable. In sequential terms, we expect WPI to edge up as 
food prices rise and fuel prices decline at a slower pace.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 15
Japan Index of Tertiary Industry Activity: We expect that indices of tertiary 
industry activity in July increase at +0.3% MoM.
China Activities Datapack: Industrial production growth likely picked up to 
5.0%Y. YTD growth of fixed asset investment may slip to –7.4%Y. Retail sales 
growth may edge up to 0.8%Y. 
UK Labor Market: We think labour demand has stabilised at stagnating 
levels. We see a small drop in payrolls and vacancies, with private sector & 
whole economy ex-bonus pay growth unchanged from June, at 2.8%3M/Y 
and 3.5%3M/Y, respectively.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16
Japan Core Machinery Orders: We forecast core machinery orders decreases 
by -4.8% MoM in July.
Japan Custom Clearance Trade Balance: The trade balance is expected to be 
-1010.0 billion yen in August.
ECB Wage Tracker: Our focus is on signals that energy costs might transmit 
to negotiated wages. 
Euro Area Industrial Production (Jul): We forecast a slight drop of -0.2%M 
based on country data available so far.
Czech Republic CNB Repo Rate: We expect the CNB to remain on hold at its 
upcoming non-core meeting, while continuing to stress that it may tighten 
monetary policy further.
UK Inflation: We expect headline CPI to tick up to 3.1%Y driven almost 
entirely by energy - auto pump prices rose by 7%M in August. We see core 
inflation at 2.6%Y, unchanged from July. We forecast services inflation at 
0.3%M with the rise driven by base effects in airfares. Our RPI inflation 
forecast rounds up to 3.5%Y, and is below the market fixing. 
US FOMC Decision: Fed Chairman Warsh delivered a hawkish Jackson Hole 
speech. However, we think inflation data will determine the Fed’s next move, 
and that evidence of further disinflation in Friday's CPI for August will 
support a hold. Expected downward revisions to PCE inflation could provide 
an additional argument for patience. Since Jackson Hole, a few FOMC 
officials—Barr, Waller, Williams—have suggested that recent disinflation, if 
it extends, could be consistent with a hold rather than a hike.
US Retail Sales: We expect total retail sales rose 0.7%m/m in August, with 
retail control group sales rising 0.6%m/m. Within total retail sales, we 
expect auto sales were strong (up 1.6%m/m in August), and sales at gasoline 


[Page 4]
M
 Global Idea
4
stations picked up again (up 0.2%m/m) as gas prices rose. Within retail 
control, several factors boost our forecast: monthly gains in nominal labor 
market income, a recovery in the weak online sales, and continued support 
from back-to-school activity. Although Labor Day fell well into September 
this year, there was early promotional activity, which likely contributed to 
goods sales. The seasonal factor and control group prices are not significant 
drivers in our forecast for the retail control group. In other components, we 
expect that sales at restaurants were up in August (0.2%m/m) and sales of 
building materials showed a dip (down 0.2% m/m).
US Import Prices: We will finalize our core PCE tracking (currently at 
0.24%m/m before the CPI release) incorporating international airfares prices 
from the import prices release. Import prices y/y inflation rose steadily until 
May, and it is still at elevated levels, reflecting pressures from the conflict 
(through oil and materials) and the AI demand push (through computers, 
peripherals, and semiconductors).
Brazil BCB Monetary Policy Meeting: We now expect the BCB to ease by 
25bp, as weaker-than-expected activity data and softer inflation readings 
have strengthened the case for monetary easing. 
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17
ECB Consumer Expectations Survey (Aug): We focus on the anchoring of 
consumers inflation expectations 3-year and 5-year ahead.
US Jobless Claims: We expect new jobless claims hover around 200k in the 
weeks surrounding Labor Day. Both new and continuing claims are below 
their levels of a year ago. Layoffs have slowed further, but hiring too remains 
very slow.
US Housing Starts and Building Permits: We expect single-family starts 
rebound from last month's soft print, +13% m/m to 915k, as permits and the 
Housing Market Index did not show the same weakness. This estimate 
assumes there is also some upward revision to July's previously soft print. If 
not, the rebound could likely be larger. We expect single-family permits 
unchanged at 895k. On the multifamily side, we expect starts rise 4.4% m/m 
to 450k while permits decline 3.5% to 530k.
Argentina GDP: We expect 2Q26 growth at 1.4%y-o-y, likely supported by 
net exports. 
UK BoE Rates Decision: We expect a 6:3 vote for a hold. 
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18
Japan BoJ MPM: We expect the BoJ to raise its policy rate to around 1.25% at 
the September MPM (September 17-18).
Japan Nationwide CPI: Our forecasts for the August nationwide CPI are: All 
items +1.8% YoY, All items less fresh food: +1.7%YoY, and All items less fresh 
food and energy: +1.9%YoY.
US Industrial Production: Probably rose for the seventh month in the last 


[Page 5]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
5
nine, with broad gains in non-auto manufacturing and further increase in 
utilities output. Non-auto manufacturing output has increased by 1.1% over 
the past year, with broad gains across durable goods industries. Within 
durables (+3.9% y/y), there has been particular strength in computers 
(+9.9%), electrical equipment (+6.2%), and aerospace (4.5%). Nondurables 
output has fallen 1.6% y/y. Utilities output has increased by 0.7% y/y, as AI-
related demand appears to have driven commercial usage to 4.5% growth.


[Page 6]
M
 Global Idea
6
Disclosure Section
Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) and Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (CMO)
Principal is returned on a monthly basis over the life of the security. Principal prepayment can significantly affect the monthly income stream and the maturity of any type of MBS, including 
standard MBS, CMOs and Lottery Bonds. Yields and average lives are estimated based on prepayment assumptions and are subject to change based on actual prepayment of the mortgages 
in the underlying pools. The level of predictability of an MBS/CMO's average life, and its market price, depends on the type of MBS/CMO class purchased and interest rate movements. In general, 
as interest rates fall, prepayment speeds are likely to increase, thus shortening the MBS/CMO's average life and likely causing its market price to rise. Conversely, as interest rates rise, prepayment 
speeds are likely to decrease, thus lengthening average life and likely causing the MBS/CMO's market price to fall. Some MBS/CMOs may have "original issue discount" (OID). OID occurs if the 
MBS/CMO’s original issue price is below its stated redemption price at maturity, and results in "imputed interest" that must be reported annually for tax purposes, resulting in a tax liability even 
though interest was not received. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors for more information. Government agency backing applies only to the face value of the CMO and not to any 
premium paid.
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared or are disseminated by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. and/or Morgan Stanley México, 
Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and/or Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and/or Morgan Stanley Europe S.E. and/or RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited and/or Morgan Stanley MUFG 
Securities Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd. and/or Morgan Stanley Asia Limited and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) 
and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its 
contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and/or Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited and/or Morgan Stanley 
& Co International plc, Seoul Branch, and/or Morgan Stanley Australia Limited (A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility 
for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license No. 240813, which accepts responsibility 
for its contents), and/or Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board 
of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000001105), Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI 
Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 
39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: 
tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com which accepts the responsibility 
for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research, and their affiliates (collectively, "Morgan Stanley"). Morgan 
Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts.
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research 
Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA.
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718 754-5444 (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000.  Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA.
Analyst Certification
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that they have not received and will not 
receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this report: Raquel Kanner; Brian Nowak, CFA; Vishwas Patkar; Vishwanath Tirupattur.
.
Global Research Conflict Management Policy
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br
Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality 
of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment banking revenues. Equity Research analysts' or strategists' compensation is not 
linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, providing liquidity, fund management, 
commercial banking, extension of credit, investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. Morgan Stanley trades or may trade 
as principal in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that are the subject of the debt research report.
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions.
STOCK RATINGS
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, 
Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all 
ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan 
Stanley Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice.  An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations.
Global Stock Ratings Distribution
(as of August 31, 2026)
The Stock Ratings described below apply to Morgan Stanley's Fundamental Equity Research and do not apply to Debt Research produced by the Firm.
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with FINRA requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated 
and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, 


[Page 7]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
7
hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a 
buy recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively.
Coverage Universe
Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
Other Material Investment Services 
Clients (MISC)
Stock Rating 
Category
Count
% of  Total
Count
% of  Total IBC
% of Rating  
Category
Count
% of Total Other 
MISC
Overweight/Buy
1555
42%
450
48%
29%
767
44%
Equal-weight/Hold
1577
43%
395
42%
25%
770
44%
Not-Rated/Hold
3
0%
1
0%
33%
1
0%
Underweight/Sell
559
15%
93
10%
17%
216
12%
Total
3,694
939
1754
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan Stanley received investment banking compensation in the 
last 12 months. Due to rounding off of decimals, the percentages provided in the "% of total" column may not add up to exactly 100 percent.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Overweight (O or Over) - The stock's total return is expected to exceed the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months.
Equal-weight (E or Equal) - The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or 
industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis over the next 12-18 months.
Not-Rated (NR) - Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's 
industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months.
Underweight (U or Under) - The stock's total return is expected to be below the total return of the relevant country MSCI Index or the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry 
team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months.
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months.
Analyst Industry Views
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated 
below.
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - 
relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index.
Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers
Important disclosures regarding any material conflict of interest that can reasonably be expected to have influenced Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC's choice of a third-party research provider 
or the subject company of a third-party research report, are available on the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/online/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, you may refer to https://www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch.
Each Morgan Stanley research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and approval is conducted by the same person who reviews the 
research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest.
Other Important Disclosures
Morgan Stanley Research policy is to update research reports as and when the Research Analyst and Research Management deem appropriate, based on developments with the issuer, the 
sector, or the market that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated therein. In addition, certain Research publications are intended to be updated on a regular periodic 
basis  (weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual) and will ordinarily be updated with that frequency, unless  the Research Analyst and Research Management determine that a different publication 
schedule is appropriate based on current conditions.
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the recommendations or views expressed 
in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For all research available on a particular stock, please contact 
your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Morgan Stanley Research is provided to our clients through our proprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electronically by Morgan Stanley to clients. Certain, but not all, Morgan 
Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience. For access to all 
available Morgan Stanley Research, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Any access and/or use of Morgan Stanley Research is subject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). By accessing and/or using Morgan Stanley 
Research, you are indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). In addition you consent to Morgan Stanley processing 
your personal data and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html), including for the purposes of 
setting your preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better and more personalized service and products to you. To find out more information about how Morgan Stanley 
processes personal data, how we use cookies and how to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html). Please use 
the provided link to review the Terms and Conditions and Most Important Terms and Conditions for Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (https://www.morganstanley.com/assets/


[Page 8]
M
 Global Idea
8
pdfs/about-us-global-offices/india/Terms_and_conditions.pdf) and the following link to review the audit report (https://ny.matrix.ms.com/eqr/research/webapp/researchdocs/
MSICPL_Morgan_Stanley_Research_Audit_Report.pdf).
If you do not agree to our Terms of Use and/or if you do not wish to provide your consent to Morgan Stanley processing your personal data or using cookies please do not access our research.
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
company's securities/instruments.
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common 
equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or 
derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the 
preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different 
from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons.
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel.
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless 
pre-approved by authorized members of Research management.
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
Such information is for your reference only.  The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions.  Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
(including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments.  MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Certain information in Morgan Stanley Research was sourced by employees of the Shanghai Representative Office of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited for the use of Morgan Stanley Asia Limited.
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only.
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 
Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
(Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118J); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. 
All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Germany and the European Economic Area where required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised 
and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its 
contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, 
disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”); (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 


[Page 9]
M
 Global Idea
Morgan Stanley Research
9
as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan 
Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by 
FirstRand Limited. Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Canada Inc., members of the Canadian 
Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital Market Authority in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 
defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
upon request from your sales representative.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
(the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA.
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations.
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P.
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley.
Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework.
The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those 
fixed income research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products.
Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report.
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
all the related documents carefully before investing.
The following authors are Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity securities: Raquel Kanner; Vishwanath Tirupattur; 
Vishwas Patkar.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley
