[Page 1]
 
"The Politics Of Compute": How Public Backlash 
Against Data Centers Would Hammer U.S. GDP 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SUNDAY, SEP 13, 2026 - 11:05 PM 
By Vishwanath Tirupattur 
AI infrastructure spending has become an important driver of economic growth and capital 
markets. Yet, as the pace and scale of AI infrastructure development has accelerated, so has 
resistance.  
Opposition to data centers is moving up the political agenda in the runup to midterm elections, 
raising the possibility that local concerns over power, water, land use, and costs could pave the 
way for broader policy and regulatory constraints. If such limits meaningfully dampen AI-related 
capital spending, could they alter the economic and market narratives that have come to define 
the current cycle? 
In this week's Sunday Start, we consider that possibility and its ramifications. 
Start with the nature and breadth of the backlash. Public opposition is remarkably broad: a 
recent Gallup poll finds that seven in ten Americans oppose data-center construction in their 
local communities. It also cuts across party lines. Heatmap Pro and Embold Research find 
opposition among roughly two-thirds of Republicans, nearly 80% of independents, and 83% of 
Democrats. That political breadth has produced some unlikely alignments: the AI Data Center 
Moratorium Act introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders and Representative Alexandria 
Ocasio-Cortez has attracted support from Steve Bannon, from the other end of the political 
spectrum. 


[Page 2]
 
 
More important, opposition is translating into policy action and changes to the project pipeline. 
New York enacted the first true state-level pause in July. Texas, until now a magnet for 
data-center investment, has ordered a broad review of the industry’s impact on local 
communities and resources and paused new approvals and grid connections. The New York 
Times reports that roughly 500 jurisdictions have enacted bans or moratoriums, with some 150 
local measures in July alone, while another 14 states are considering state-wide moratoriums. 
As we have noted elsewhere, projects totalling an estimated ~$156 billion were cancelled or 
delayed in 2025, with another ~$130 billion affected in 1Q26. While not our base case, the risk 
that political opposition slows the AI infrastructure buildout is no longer negligible. 
What would a slowdown mean for the economy? The math is meaningful. Morgan Stanley 
economists Lingdi Xu and Michael Gapen estimate that AI-related investment contributed 0.6 
percentage points to annualized real GDP growth in 2025 and 0.8 percentage points in 1H26, 
roughly one-third of overall growth after accounting for import leakage and productivity gains 
(see Building a better mousetrap: AI spending and its contribution to US GDP growth, for more 
details). 


[Page 3]
 
 
Source: Morgan Stanley 
They forecast real GDP growth of 2.6% in 2027, with 0.85 percentage points tied to AI-related 
capex. Less or deferred investment would weigh on growth. But the impact may extend beyond 
capex. Expectations of sustained AI investment have arguably supported equity valuations and 
household consumption through the wealth effect. Lower asset prices could dampen sentiment 
and restrain consumption. 
 
Source: Morgan Stanley 
Importantly, however, we would distinguish the slowdown in AI capex we are contemplating from 
a conventional investment downturn. Here, the constraints are political and regulatory, not 
insufficient demand for compute or a shortage of capital to fund it. Demand for compute already 
far exceeds available supply. 


[Page 4]
 
A deceleration in capacity additions would intensify and prolong the existing shortfall in 
compute. For equity markets, this could strengthen the position of the “merchants of compute” – 
hyperscalers – by increasing the scarcity value of their installed base and enhancing their 
pricing power. This would reinforce our already strong conviction in high-quality hyperscaler 
equities. The implications for AI adopters, however, would be negative. Slower capacity growth 
would likely raise the cost and limit the availability of compute, slowing the pace of AI adoption 
across the broader economy. A politically constrained capex cycle would benefit the owners of 
compute capacity and likely delay AI-driven productivity gains, weighing on stocks in our AI 
Adopters basket. 
The effects on credit markets could be counterintuitive. A slower AI buildout would reduce 
capital needs and in turn, debt issuance. Much of this summer’s spread widening has reflected 
the need to absorb elevated issuance rather than concerns about credit fundamentals. If 
issuance surprises to the downside relative to the high levels markets are expecting, this 
technical pressure could abate, limiting further widening and potentially allowing spreads to 
tighten from current levels. 
The implications extend beyond economics and markets. A sustained slowdown in the US AI 
buildout could have geopolitical consequences, allowing China to narrow or even erase the US 
lead in AI capabilities.  
The political backlash against data centers is real. Whether it translates into a sustained 
slowdown in AI-related capex remains unclear. But given the importance of AI capex to growth 
and markets, a meaningful deceleration could reshape the economic and market narratives that 
have defined this cycle. 
Much more in the full Morgan Stanley Sunday Start note, available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
