[Page 1]
 
"The Market Is Betting Against The House": Top 
Goldman Macro Trader Surveys The Carnage Below 
The Calm Index Surface 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SATURDAY, SEP 12, 2026 - 03:11 AM 
Bobby Molavi’s latest 'Ruminations' is the note (available here in full for pro subs) everyone will 
skim at the highs and wish they’d actually read at the lows. 
The S&P walked into the week a rounding error from all-time highs, but as the Goldman Sachs 
partner explains below, it felt like a market one bad print from a mood swing. 
Last week the index barely twitched - S&P +10bps, Nasdaq +40bps - while oil, yields, and fear 
started breaking out underneath. 
Then the mood did indeed swing: Iran/US re-escalation, oil +7% and through the $100 tripwire, 
Waller dovish, Hammack hawkish, and a 162k payrolls bomb that turned “good news” back into 
bad news. 
Goldman’s head of EMEA execution services point isn’t that the bull is dead. It’s more direct 
than that. The AI earnings engine is still carrying the whole circus - software has even stolen the 
baton from semis - while the financing of that boom, the Treasury’s $10 trillion refinancing wall, 
and $100 oil all arrive crashed the same party. 
Bessent bought back over $5bn and tried to be 'the house'... Price action says the market is 
fading him... 
Here's Molavi... 
We came into the week 1% from all time highs….but it didn’t feel like it.  
Last week saw a market that wasn’t moving at the headline level (S&P closed up 10bps and 
Nasdaq up 40bps) but a market with growing levels of angst and anxiety. This week we’re 
seeing break outs across a number of vectors - oil, yields, fear - but the markets within 50bps of 
finishing the week where we started.  
A two week window that can be summarised by Iran/US re-escalation (Oil hitting recent high 
and +7% on the week)….a dovish tailwind from Waller….a hawkish hit from Hammack….and 


[Page 2]
 
then a ‘good news is bad news’ hot jobs print on Friday. August payrolls probably the real bogey 
of the week (although Oil price and knock on inflationary impulse a close second)….the 162k 
print trumping estimates by over 100k and came with a June and July upward revision for what 
is an economy in go mode. Remember when bad news was good news and goods news was 
bad? Last week felt like that. This week we get more Iran escalation, and higher Oil that has 
breached the psychologically important $100 level, more yield anxiety, more Ai fear, more 
midterm focus and more equity weakness.  
Nat gas sensitivity.  
Energy, Renewables, FTSE 100 and Defensives tend to suffer least as gas prices rise 
 
We have yields that are a problem and a Fed that is increasingly hard to read. Last week’s 
Jobless claims ticking up and Payrolls ticking up while ADP flattish more a reflection of a jobs 
market that isn’t hiring and isn't firing (yet). CPI going to be crucially important later in setting the 
tone and expectations for the FED and informing investors on how they should feel about 
duration, nominal assets and growth….which is ever increasingly the majority of the market. 
One side notes…if Ai is disrupting everyone….shouldn’t we start to be seeing that in the Jobs 
market? 
At the end of the day…. the AI-driven earnings engine - now led by software (more on that later) 
- has been powerful enough to hold up the index and the range of worries from Oil, Inflation, 
Rates, Politics and consumer.  It does feel like there is something for bulls and bears in this 
market…but the return profile from here is skewing negative. The bulls pointing to corporate 
profits, Ai capex and investment, Tech innovation and revolution and an economy and consumer 


[Page 3]
 
that is resilient and stable. The bears focusing on yields, the deficit, the sustainability of that Ai 
spend and circular revenue dynamic as well s the cost of higher oil, higher inflation and longer 
than expected conflicts. For now people seem to be happy to run gross…maybe less than they 
had in May/June…but still healthily long. They are coupling that with some duration and hike 
risk protection…and rotating to more defensive pockets of the market in a broadening play.  
Yesterdays disrupted now today's winner.  
 
How to summarize all this…. 
●​ On one hand we remain in a capital markets super cycle with Issuance and M&A ever 
present and at scale….we also continue to see extremely bullish data points around 
compute and AI – take Chat GPT AGI claims and/or Oracle numbers proving compute 
remains in demand, remains scarce and has an extreme level of pricing power. 
●​ On the other side of the ledger Ai doom mongering has a 3 pronged attack…one of 
openweight and open source, one around data centres and the politicisation of them into 
midterms and one of humanity (and the risks to it from Ai). 
Then 2026 has been a year that has climbed every wall of worry….see below for the check 
down….but….it does feel like rubber meeting the road on some of these issues. The interplay 
between the Treasury, rates, deficit, refinancing and yields…..Bessent adopting the ‘I am the 
house’ approach…buying back over $5bn….current price action indicates that hasn’t worked 
and to quote Rich P…feels like “the markets is betting against the house”. In other 
vectors…spreads between IG and Treasuries look hard to reconcile….we see Oil well over 


[Page 4]
 
$100…momentum has retested the lows and positioning is being reviewed (a notable defensive 
and broadening tilt to what we’ve seen this week).  
Resilient growth whatever the wall of worry 
 
Yield spirals. 
The scale of Ai capex has resulted in a shift from cash funding...to cash and debt....to cash, 
debt and equity. On top of that normally as yields rise the quantum of issuance slows. In 
2026...we've almost seen the opposite. Ai related borrowing ramping as yields have also risen. 
The problem with this dynamic is that one theme begins to impact the other. The pressures on 
IG and HY yields from seemingly never ending Ai capex issuance at some point impact the 
curve in a way that has to affect other curves. Meanwhile we have a treasuries trading at recent 
highs as we approach a period where $10 trillion of debt needs to be refinanced....and arguably 
without some of the traditional buyers of scale being as engaged as history (eg China, Japan).  
Bond wars. 
Combined bond issuance from big tech (including SPVs) is on track to hit close to $250bn in 
2025. This would a circa 60% yoy increase and a back to back record….it is also around 70% of 
Treasury issuance for the year. As a % of treasury issuance…this is more than double what we 
saw in 2025 and close to 10x larger than 2024. To put another way….big tech and Ai capex are 


[Page 5]
 
now competing with the Treasury and Govt bonds. All of this at a time when the end buyers of 
both are converging and being less diverse. Watch this space. 
Asset liability mismatches.  
Following on from the point above...rising yields can mean two things....a stronger economy or 
less trust in the borrower....arguably both at the same time in some cases. One of the problems 
with this dynamic is that the scale of the deficit the US lives with means the need to borrow or 
refinance borrowing remains extremely high...while also the cost of servicing that debt also 
rises....add pressure to point one. This cycle is also adversely impacted by the quantum of 
private sector borrowing and other places where investors can chose a risk adjusted return for 
lending. The FT recently noted 'every bubble is explained twice....in the build up the emphasis is 
on what investors have been buying....only afterwards do people come to recognise the more 
important point is how it was all being financed." 
Software is eating the world…again. 
Software dead….not so much. Not long after the market decided that AI would eat 
software….the revenge of the old (well less new might be more accurate) with Software eating 
Ai. Enterprise software and cybersecurity have decisively taken the baton from semis — over 
the past month the software ETF (IGV) rose ~6% while the semis ETF (SOXX) fell ~2.2%. On 
midweek's rally, Palantir jumped ~8%, ServiceNow ~7% and CrowdStrike ~6%, riding booming 
agentic-AI demand. All of this, to some degree, a pain trade. The rotation from AI hardware to 
the higher-margin software and application layer is the cleanest active call in the market right 
now and not aligned with positioning into the rotation. Beneath the surface….Cybersecurity is 
the standout sub-theme. Off record quarters — CrowdStrike's fiscal Q2 hit $1.47bn revenue and 
$333m of net-new ARR. More on this later.  
The era of heavy over light.  
12-month fwd EPS growth for Capital Light (GSSTCAPL) and Capital Intensive (GSSTCAPI ) 
baskets 


[Page 6]
 
 
Politics.  
The German state elections and the strong showing of the far right…..the increasing chances of 
far right and far left remaining involved in French elections….the UK budget….the US 
midterms…..Russia elections….Israel elections. Away from elections…peace talks on 
Russia/Ukraine….re-escalation in the Middle east between Iran/US….and the growing signs of 
a re-ordering of global political partnerships/alliances  The impact of politics is clear and 
growing.  
Exit strategies.  
Once upon a time…once a company reached $100m of ARR the only path to exit was via an 
IPO. Nowadays it feels like IPO are often much lower down the exit waterfall for founders. We 
see companies like Hugging face or Wiz scaling and exiting to corporate strategic buyers at 
extremely high market caps. We are also starting to see public/private inversion. Private 
companies bidding for public companies of scale - see Stripes recent flirtation with Paypal as a 
good example. 


[Page 7]
 
The don.  
Nvidia buying Hugging face and Poolside is yet another move towards vertical integration 
across products and services. It is also a very public vote for Open weight/Open source (not in 
spite of but alongside frontier). Using Jensen's own words 'open models strengthen safety and 
cybersecurity, accelerate innovation and diffusion and enable sovereignty. They allow every 
developer, startup, university, industry and country to build with, customise and benefit from Ai.' 
Spot up vol up. 
One of the features of 2026....an environment where traditional correlations have broken down. 
Normally higher oil would impact markets.....higher yields would impact markets...and higher vol 
would be a sign of anxiety and lower markets often followed. One of the other oddities has been 
the material dislocation between index volatility (S&P remaining extremely low vs history and 
year to date) and other measures of volatility - as the factor, sector, theme and single stock 
level.  
 


[Page 8]
 
Seasonals. 
As we head through September the buy backs that have been heading towards another record 
year turn off as we head into earnings blackouts. The retail inflows that have been substantial 
and consistent tend to slow/stop. 
And post a holiday period of some respite issuance will likely increase. 
 
Put another way....2 of the 3 pillars of 2026 (buybacks, retail buying and M&A) down gear as the 
offset (equity issuance and re-equitisation) kicks into top gear.  
Climate change. 
Natural catastrophes are expected to cost the world around $450bn in a typical year according 
to a recent study by Verisk. Of that $450bn around 50% is uninsured creating a shortfall for 
governments, home owners and businesses if and when these events occur. Last year was the 
6th year in a row that global insured losses breached $100bn....and that is without a single 
hurricane having made landfall which is a usual contributor. As we head through 2026 we've see 
forest fires, drought, earthquakes, crop failures, flash floods and subsidence - we saw the LA 
wildfires of 2025 cost as much as $65bn, We now approach hurricane season in some parts and 
talk of a Super El Nino, hotter summers, more fires as well as less obvious impacts such as 
Jellyfish swarms impacting power, or less rainfall impacting water basins and shipping routes 
and perhaps most worryingly impact on food sources across the globs.    


[Page 9]
 
Kinetic tit for tat. 
Watching the Iran/US conflict over the last few months I detect a pattern emerging. 
Putting aside what started it….US hits Iran….Iran retaliates… both parties sabre rattle….US 
claim victory and say Iran on verge of collapse…Oil and/or yields become a problem….ceasefire 
announced and a path to peace talked up. Rinse repeat. Many issues with this. 
Succession planning. 
Tim Cook's handover to John Ternus seems to have gone well. One of the better performers out 
of the mag 7 year to date….at or around $5 trillion of market cap….and with a heavy pipeline of 
new launches and innovations ahead. No intrigue…no uncertainty….clean and efficient. We are 
approaching a point in time where other ‘heavyweights’ will have to turn their focus to 
succession and transition…whether it be Bernard Arnault or Jamie Dimon..these questions 
come up regularly as they sit atop empires without obvious next in line successors in place. 
 
So, having got all that off his chest, here's our attempt at a summary... 
This is the part of the cycle where the index is still making geniuses (genii?) out of everyone 
while there's various bloodbaths below the surface. Compute is (allegedly) scarce, Oracle still 
has pricing power, Altman is talking AGI, and software/cyber suddenly became the pain trade 
very few were positioned for. 
Choose your own adventure in compute demand... 


[Page 10]
 
 
CNBC says 'fine'... 
Also 'fine' apparently is: big tech plus SPVs are on pace for ~$250bn of bonds - call it 70% of 
Treasury issuance - while AI borrowers keep tapping the market as yields rise, which is not how 
this movie is supposed to go.  
Add a no-hire/no-fire jobs market, a Fed nobody can read (but CPI forced Warsh into a corner), 
September buybacks going dark, retail inflows cooling (into outflows depending on the source), 
and supply coming back online. 
2026 climbed every wall of worry so far... Molavi’s warning is that some of those walls now have 
rebar in them. 
You can stay long the AI story. Just don’t confuse an index pinned near highs with any outlook 
that isn’t already skewing the wrong way. 
Professional subscribers can read more from Goldman's Sales & Trading team here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
