[Page 1]
 
Risk Of Higher Yields Is Muzzling Animal Spirits 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 11, 2026 - 02:05 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Speculators in the aggregate are hesitant in going full risk-on in their positioning, with the risk of 
higher yields potentially restraining animal spirits. 
Markets are at an impasse. 
Stocks seem unable to break out to new highs without a new positive narrative (OpenAI’s latest 
LLM, GPT-6 Astra, does not look to have been it), and yields remain elevated due to good 
reasons - rising real growth expectations (more so after Friday’s positive jobs data), and huge 
AI-related investment – and for bad reasons, in the shape of ongoing fiscal incontinence and 
inflation. 
Speculators’ risk-on attitude was eventually drowned out by the war, and positioning became 
risk-off. The chart below shows the net long of speculators in typically risk-on products (Bitcoin, 
AUD, NZD, BRL, MXN and CAD) vs risk-off ones (JPY, CHF, DXY, gold and the VIX) as of 
Tuesday last week. 
 


[Page 2]
 
The net position between risk-on and risk-off is flat, but there is a reluctance to go fully risk-on 
while there is general uncertainty. 
That is captured by yields. 
As noted, there are good and bad reasons keeping yields supported for now. 
After the jobs data, there is probably some impetus for yields to rise more, but strong 
seasonality effects may keep them from rising excessively between now and the end of the 
year. 
Nevertheless, there are some burgeoning concerns that yields could rise more. 
JPMorgan’s Treasury client survey shows an increase in shorts, while ETF outflows have 
jumped higher to a level they have rarely breached before. 
 
Note that ETFs can be created to short, so outflows could be shorts being covered, but the short 
interest of the largest Treasury ETFs, the IEF and the TLT, has held steady, so we can take the 
outflow at face value. 
If the market is starting to factor in the risk of appreciably higher yields, then that would explain 
the reticence of speculators to push back into unequivocally risk-on positioning, and underlines 
the general impasse that the market finds itself at. 
 
 
 
