[Page 1]
 
CPI Preview: 0.2% And Fed Holds, 0.3% And They 
Hike 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 11, 2026 - 02:00 PM 
As extensively discussed in recent days, this week's inflation reports are crucial in determining 
what the Fed does at next week's meeting, with the CPI report taking on particular importance. 
The PPI metrics released on Thursday were mixed; headline M/M was slightly hotter than 
expected, while the Y/Y rate was in line. Core M/M was marginally cooler than the Wall Street 
consensus, with the Y/Y rate as anticipated. However, the market interpreted the number as 
especially hawkish, sending rate hike odds surging above 70%. As such, Friday's CPI report will 
be pivotal in shaping expectations for the September 16th FOMC meeting. A benign report 
showing continued progress on underlying inflation would strengthen the case for the Fed to 
remain on hold, particularly given Waller's stated reaction function. Conversely, a hot report or 
evidence that disinflation is reversing would likely reinforce expectations for a 25bp hike. 
Expectations:  
●​ Headline CPI is expected to rise 0.4% M/M, accelerating from the prior 0.1%, driven by a 
jump in energy prices, while the YoY rate is seen at 3.4% (prev. 3.4%). 
●​ Core CPI is expected to rise 0.2% M/M in August, unchanged from the July print, while 
the Y/Y rate is anticipated at 2.4% (prev. 2.5%). 
○​ Distributions for the core CPI print are normal (all falling between 2.3% and 
2.5%), with one outlier estimate at 2.7% on the high side  


[Page 2]
 
 
Polymarket odds show 2.4% - the median economist estimate - as the favored forecast, with a 
clear bias for a miss (2.3% and under) rather than a beat (2.5% and over). 
 
Source: Polymarket 


[Page 3]
 
Detailed Breakdown: 
●​ JPM chief economist Michael Feroli forecasts that the headline CPI rose 0.38%m/m in 
August with a 0.21%m/m (2.37%oya) increase in the core, which would leave the core 
over-year-ago rate, just barely rounding up to 2.4%. Here is the component level 
breakdown:  
●​ Energy: After a couple months of declines, a renewed increase in petroleum prices 
should have caused the total CPI energy index to rise. We expect a 2.5%m/m increase, 
led by a 4.2% rise in motor fuel. 
●​ Food: Raw agricultural commodity futures prices have surged recently, which could over 
time translate into additional upward inflation pressure. But don’t expect an immediate 
reaction, and indeed weekly Circana food price data shows the over-year-ago rate of 
increase moderating. JPM assumes a 0.2%m/m gain, in line with recent months, which 
would cause the over-year-ago rate to edge down from 2.9% to 2.7%. 
●​ New and used cars: Industry data on new vehicle transaction prices and incentives again 
points to little change in new vehicle prices in August. The CPI for new vehicles has 
been largely flat since 2023. For used vehicles, expect no change. Previously JPM had 
anticipated a rise given an increase in the Manheim measure of wholesale used vehicle 
prices, but Manheim has now reversed that increase. 
●​ Apparel: Prices rose sharply at the beginning of the year, likely reflecting tariffs passing 
through after seasonal re-stocking, but prices stabilized after May. With IEEPA being 
struck down there has been some tariff relief that applies to apparel, but pre-tariff import 
prices also increased in response, so prices will continue to be stable. 
●​ Medical care commodities: Drug prices have declined steadily this year. One contributing 
factor should be Medicare negotiations for lower drug prices that took effect at the start 
of this year. JPM equity analysts have also noted lower GLP-1 list prices and more 
generics. Such price declines continued into August. 
●​ Recreation commodities: The most clear-cut increase in this category was Microsoft 
raising XBox prices on August 1, with the base model increasing 25% and similar 
increases across other models. JPM estimates from the Consumer Expenditure Survey 
that video game hardware is about 3% of recreation commodities, and with XBox having 
market share of about 23%, a 25% price increase would yield a 3%*23%*25%=0.2% lift 
to the overall category. Pricing trends were already firm across other categories, though 
given the two-month change to July was near a record there could be a slowdown in 
August. The bank assumes 0.3% growth in overall recreation commodities. 


[Page 4]
 
●​ Education and communication goods: This category posted a near-record 1.3% rise in 
July, led by computer prices, as Apple repriced its Mac and iPad products. Memory 
prices should continue to put upward pressure on computers and phones, which 
sometimes takes the form of new features being combined with price increases. JPM 
doesn’t think the price increases will be as evident as the Apple jump in July. Expect 
moderate gains in software and accessories — which has much more weight in PCE — 
given that portable memory device prices posted in some online stores have been 
largely flat for a number of months. 
●​ Rent and OER: look for soft readings on rent and OER to continue in August given 
continued subdued growth in new market rents, as reported in sources like Zillow and 
ApartmentList. Zillow’s observed rent index has recently accelerated back to 2.4%oya 
from a low of 1.7%, but this is still below CPI rent (2.9%oya) and OER (3.2%). 
●​ Lodging away from home: Hotel prices fell sharply in June and July as the CPI pricing 
window moved past the World Cup. Prices in July were still up 2.8%oya, though that 
comparison was flattered by a particularly weak July 2025, and prices already look back 
in line with pre-World Cup trends. Expect little additional change in lodging prices. 
●​ Airfares: Airfares have risen 26-27%oya in each of the last three months, and we expect 
firm readings to continue in August. That is based on airfares trends reported by Kayak, 
whose weekly price data shows about a 34%oya increase for domestic flights and 24% 
for international flights, with both those rates similar to July. 
●​ Motor vehicle insurance: High industry profitability led to large price cuts in May and 
June. July featured a much more moderate decline, and we assume that will continue for 
August. 
●​ Education and communication services: This category was a large source of volatility in 
June and July as cell phone prices surged and then declined. Cell phone prices in the 
CPI have become more volatile since the BLS adopted a new methodology in 2025. In 
August, T-Mobile began offering a new cheaper discount plan, though only for new 
customers, which will limit its impact. In contrast, AT&T is raising prices for some existing 
customers. Assume no change in overall cell phone prices for August. Delivery service 
prices could increase again owing to higher FedEx and UPS fuel surcharges. 
●​  
●​ Medical care services: Medical care services inflation rose 2.7%oya in July, the lowest 
since the start of last year, despite a large 0.6%m/m increase. Given the magnitude of 
the July monthly increase, expect a milder gain in August. 


[Page 5]
 
Warsh:  
With the Federal Reserve broadly viewing the labor market as steady, reinforced by last week's 
strong labor market report, focus is firmly on the inflation side of the mandate. Under Chair 
Warsh's stewardship, the Fed has remained steadfast in its commitment to returning inflation to 
the 2% target. In his most recent remarks at Jackson Hole, Warsh said the Fed has more work 
to do unless underlying inflation is moving clearly towards the 2% objective at a sufficient pace. 
Governor Waller has also stressed the importance of the upcoming inflation data in determining 
his vote at the September meeting.\ 
Waller: 
Waller has provided perhaps the clearest reaction function for the upcoming report, signalling 
support for holding rates steady in September if the August inflation data shows continued 
progress. Waller remains confident that inflation will fall and said he is finally seeing signs of 
disinflation, pointing to considerable improvement in three-month core inflation, although 
inflation remains significantly above the Fed's 2% target. However, he would consider a rate 
hike if the August metrics come in hot, adding that a small policy adjustment could help ensure 
progress resumes if the data shows a reversal. In terms of the inflation drivers, Waller argued 
that elevated energy prices and tariffs are not significant ongoing sources of inflation and that 
wage growth is consistent with a return to target. Waller was quizzed on a number he would be 
happy with - he said if the "3-month number gets to 2.8%, that is fine". 
Traders will also scrutinize the CPI details for their implications for PCE, which has long been 
considered the Fed's preferred inflation gauge. However, Waller suggested that headline and 
core PCE are not necessarily the best guides to the underlying inflation trend, arguing that 
underlying inflation is "doing better" than the core figures suggest. 
Waller's remarks initially saw money markets pare back hawkish bets, returning the probability 
of a September hike to around 50%. However, last week's strong NFP report and subsequent 
geopolitical escalation have since helped rebuild hawkish pricing, with markets now assigning 
around a 70% probability to a 25bp September rate hike. 
FOMC Sept 16 meeting 
As such, the CPI report will play a significant role in determining whether the FOMC opts for a 
25bp rate hike or stands pat next week. At the time of writing, money markets are pricing in 
17.5bps of hikes for September (70% odds of a hike) and 42bps by year-end, although this is 
likely to shift following the pivotal CPI release. 


[Page 6]
 
 
Heading into the data, Oxford Economics expects underlying inflation in the upcoming CPI 
report to prove benign enough to keep the Fed on hold in September. Meanwhile, some of the 
recent hawkish repricing has occurred alongside a surge in energy prices following geopolitical 
escalations in the Middle East, with WTI returning above USD 100/bbl. 
1/1000th Decimal Points 
Describing her preview of the CPI report, Bloomberg chief U.S. economist Anna Wong wrote 
that "to give you a sense of how close call the September rate hike decision is, my team is 
operating on 1000th decimal points for our [PCE] inflation forecasts."    
Regarding the August CPI report - which Wong says "is probably the most anticipated in years, 
with Fed policymakers — particularly Governor Christopher Waller — signaling that the decision 
at the Sept. 15-16 FOMC meeting hinges on evidence that inflation is moderating", the 
Bloomberg Economics team estimates that headline CPI accelerated in August on a resurgence 
in gasoline prices, while core CPI likely rose at a similar pace to July. Year over year, core 
inflation likely will fall to its lowest reading in more than five years. 
But CPI isn’t the only inflation gauge that will influence the Fed decision — the core PCE 
deflator, due out Sept. 30, matters more to Fed policymakers. Following the PPI report, BBG 
estimates monthly core PCE inflation for August will round up slightly from July’s, pushing the 
year-over-year rate higher. But even that acceleration should be revised away as the Bureau of 
Economic Analysis will also update its methodology in this print.   
Here is the full breakdown of Bloomberg estimates: 
●​ Headline CPI to increase 0.39% in August (vs. 0.07% prior), and core CPI to rise 0.24% 
(vs. 0.22% prior), or 0.01% away from rounding up to 0.3% and thus printing hotter than 


[Page 7]
 
estimates. On a year-over-year basis, the headline probably held steady at 3.4%, while 
the core likely eased to 2.4% (vs. 2.5%) – which would be the lowest since March 2021. 
○​ On an annualized basis, core CPI looks likely to run at 3.0% over one month (vs. 
2.6% prior), 1.8% over three months (vs. 1.6% prior), and 2.5% over six months 
(vs. 2.4% prior). 
○​ Energy should add 16 basis points to the headline, driven by a 4.5% increase in 
gasoline prices in August (vs. -2.9% in July). Electricity likely fell 0.5% (vs. +0.1% 
prior), and natural gas dropped 2.1% (vs. +0.7% prior). 
○​ Food likely firmed to 0.2% (vs. 0.1% prior), Food at home likely rebounded to 
0.2% (vs. -0.1% in July), and food away from home probably rose 0.3% (same as 
prior). 
○​ Core goods should be slightly firmer, rising 0.3% (vs. 0.2% prior). There are 
some signs that the increase in commodity prices from the Iran war may be 
passing through to consumer prices. 
○​ Core services likely rose 0.2%, same as July. Housing should anchor the 
reading, with both rent of primary residence and owner’s equivalent rent likely 
rising 0.23% (vs. 0.26% prior for both). Airfares should be hot as jet-fuel costs 
spiked in August, but that could be offset by weakness in other travel-related 
services categories. 
For what it's worth, Bloomberg leans slightly toward the Fed holding rates steady at the 
September meeting. But it will be a very close call.  
And speaking of Bloomberg's view that the Sept rate decision will hinge on 1/1000th of a 
number, FX trader Brent Donnelly points to the Wong quote and to observe the absurdity, writes 
that Fed Chairman Warsh himself (from his 2025 Commanding Heights Lecture): 
I do not find the current Fed policy of ‘data dependence’ of much real value. We should care 
little about two numbers to the right of the decimal point in the latest government release. 
Breathlessly awaiting trailing data from stale national accounts-- subject to significant, 
subsequent revision-- is evidence of false precision and analytic complacency. 
And yet here we are.  
Three Key Trends  
In its CPI preview note (available here), Goldman expects to see three key component-level 
trends in this week’s report 
1. Autos. Expect mixed autos inflation, reflecting a 0.5% increase in used car prices, based on 
the signal from used car auction prices; a 0.1% increase in new car prices, reflecting an 


[Page 8]
 
increase in dealer incentives on new vehicle sales but positive residual seasonality; and a 0.2% 
decline in auto insurance prices, reflecting a decrease in premiums indicated by our online 
dataset. 
 
2. Shelter. Goldman forecasts benign readings for the shelter categories this month, reflecting 
the continued slowdown in their underlying trends. The bank expects a 0.22% increase in the 
OER category and a 0.23% increase in the rent category in August. 
3. Airfares. Expect a 4.0% increase in airfares, reflecting pass-through from the continued 
rebound in jet fuel prices and the signal from our equity analysts’ tracking of online price data. 
 
Goldman's forecast is consistent with a similar 0.22% monthly increase in core PCE in August. 


[Page 9]
 
Looking beyond August, Goldman expects monthly core CPI increases of around 0.2% for the 
next couple of months, reflecting the continued slowdown in the shelter categories and shrinking 
contributions from tariff-related price increases, though risks are tilted to the upside if disruptions 
to oil markets and associated oil price increases prove more persistent than expected. 
Market Reaction 
According to JPM's Market Intel team, the debate boils down to "0.2% (rounded) vs. 0.3% 
(rounded) with JPM's economists seeing 0.2% being low enough to hold rates and 0.3% as high 
enough to hike. The bond market is pricing a ~70% probability of a 25bp hike at the Sep 16 
FOMC meeting. This print should provide clarity on the Sep 16 Fed meeting, with the tail risk for 
Equities being a material hotter print that spikes Oct or Dec rate hike expectations, which are 
currently ~27% and ~54%, respectively." 
If the data supports JPM's hypothesis for a Hold or Hawkish Hold, look for stocks to react 
positively. Given the neutral positioning environment and room to re-gross / re-lever, there 
remains significant upside and JPM would point to Momentum, Tech, and Cyclicals are the 
drivers of gains. As reported yesterday, JPM's Positioning intel team have seen HF re-grossing 
increasing, “Globally HFs added gross exposure on 4 of the past 5 days for a +1.3z increase in 
the past week, the highest since late June.” Current market pricing combined with positioning 
point to the risk/reward being skewed to the upside. That said, the Market Intel team sthink 
markets remain choppy into the print, which was the key driver behind the bank's move to 
Tactically Cautious / Neutral from last week despite underlying fundamentals remaining strong, 
both macro and micro, which over time will be supportive of stocks. 
Understandably, a lower CPI print is better for markets, and JPM's market scenario analysis 
affirms that: 
●​ Core MoM prints above 0.30%. SPX declines 1.5% – 2.5%; Odds 10.0% 
●​ Core MoM prints between 0.25% – 0.30%. SPX declines 25bp – 1%, Odds 25.0%  
●​ Core MoM prints between 0.20% – 0.25%. SPX gains 50bp – 1.25%, Odds 30.0% 
●​ Core MoM prints between 0.15% – 0.20%. SPX gains 1% – 1.5%, Odds 25.0% 
●​ Core MoM prints below 0.15%. SPX gains 1.5% – 2%, Odds 10.0%  
Option Implied market move:  
Options that expire on September 11th are pricing ~1.0% move based on September 8th prices 
Thoughts from Around the Goldman Trading Desk 
One-liner: Consensus across the floor, given parameters laid out by the Fed Leadership, sees 
25bp or above on Core CPI as the threshold above which the Fed acts. Goldman'sInflation desk 
pencils in 24bps M/M for Core CPI, translating into 23bps for Core PCE. Goldman's STIR 


[Page 10]
 
trading struggling to see a meaningful front-end rally on a 20bp+ print, following last week’s jobs 
report. Further out: i) Unlikely we see more than 3 hikes in this cycle, so bias to scale in to front 
end longs into back-ups; ii) In duration, buyback announcements today to set the tone for tenor 
duration for the week. 
●​ FX: Greater asymmetry to a dovish reprice/reaction in the event of a CPI miss, the speed 
with which the market faded an unquestionably strong NFP last week illustrative of a 
confluence of factors turning against the dollar. 
●​ FX: Goldman interprets the US Treasury announcement to extend long-dated bond 
purchases as an implicit message that a weaker dollar could be an accepted release 
valve to achieve other policy objectives + a revealed preference for FX to do the 
adjustment rather than Fixed Income. 
●​ FX: On a material beat, and the market moving to price a full hike for next week, expect 
initial USD strength, especially given the recent accumulation of dollar-shorts, but 
without accompanying hawkish forward guidance at the FOMC, suggesting a more 
aggressive cycle than priced, Goldman would expect USD-strength to prove short lived. 
●​ EM Rates: Weakness in core duration a drag on EM performance, particularly within 
local rates -> CZK and PLN appear the safer option for us at the moment. 
○​ EMFX: Bias add to BRL, COP, ZAR & HUF into any material weakness. 
○​ G10 FX: Focus on USDJPY -> On an in-line or weaker print, and with the current 
flow imbalance, we should quickly see Jan-lows around 152.10. A stronger print 
offers an opportunity for those not short to re-sell $/JPY towards 157.50/158.00. 
FX Strategy  
Mike Cahill (Head of FX Strategy):  
“I think a firmer print (+25bps), assuming it is sufficiently broad, would likely push the Fed to act 
as it would violate the parameters that Williams and Waller laid out over the summer. A softer 
print (18-20bps) should be sufficient for the Fed to stand still without risking an adverse market 
reaction. But the middle ground is more difficult as the market has clearly shown some 
discomfort with inflation printing ~2.5% and the Fed standing still. Overall I think the weaker 
Dollar reflects the Fed’s bias to stay on hold, the Treasury’s revealed preference for FX to do the 
adjustment rather than FI, and idiosyncratic policy efforts in places with especially undervalued 
currencies like CNY, JPY, and KRW.” 
Rates Trading 
Andrew Lavenburg (US Inflation Trading):  


[Page 11]
 
“The desk is penciling in 24bps M/M SA for Core CPI this Friday, which we have translating into 
23bps for core PCE. Warsh’s Jackson hole speech, combined with an offsetting dovish 
message from Governor Waller, creates an environment where the band for the inflation data is 
very tight in determining whether or not the committee adjusts policy at the upcoming meeting. 
We think a 20bp or lower PCE translation will keep the committee on hold, while a 24bp+ would 
cement a hike. There are a number of risk events that create path dependency as to how the 
market will react to the inflation data, mainly the buyback announcements coming today which 
will set the tone for tenor duration and envision curve vol to be elevated as we progress through 
this week’s events.” 
Brandon Brown (US Treasury Trading) from the ‘Connecting you to the Floor’ Weekend Mail:  
“After a strong payroll report, September meeting sits at 15 bps priced. Given Waller 
emphasized the next round of inflation data will drive his vote, sitting near 50/50 priced makes 
sense heading in the data. In our view, we are likely to see another divided Committee, 
especially if the inflation data comes in soft and we see another hold. The bar for a hike vs a 
hold is probably about 25bps core PCE based of the pass thru from PPI and CPI.  Moving out 
the curve, the market prices a bit above 60bps by the middle of 2027.  In our view, it is unlikely 
we see more than 3 hikes in the near term even if the data is hot, and therefore think scaling 
into front end longs into back-ups can make sense.” 
Brian Bingham (Short Macro Trading):  
“The Fed is now in the most paradoxical of all positions, beholden to a single data print and 
potentially reactive to the rounding on the ECO screen… Warsh told the market in his first press 
conference that he didn’t want to focus on the number to the right of the decimal point, but now 
it’s the number to the right of that one that will be the determinant. Waller’s speech on Thursday 
was surprisingly and overtly dovish, confirming our view that the Board skews heavily if not 
unanimously dovish relative to the regional presidents, but offered little new information beyond 
implicitly confirming a 30bp core CPI will merit a hike.  The market appears to be penciling the 
over/under at 25, but we struggle to see a meaningful rally on an in-line 20bp core print 
following this week’s jobs report; in a world where the meeting goes in pricing greater than 50% 
chance of a hike, the risk of the bond market interpreting a hold as a policy error seem far 
greater than the harm of hiking into above-target inflation.” 
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call:  
“We've got two starkly different reads from Chairman Warsh and Governor Waller… So it's a bit 
of a coin-toss in terms of whether they hike this cycle or not… We don't have a strong opinion 
on that, whether they need to hike in the next few months…. A lot of it comes down to what 


[Page 12]
 
happens to energy prices, what happens with geopolitics….….  As Chairman Warsh said, there 
are parts of the economy that are clearly in recession, housing, for example, and there are parts 
of the economy that are booming, AI CapEx, for example.. . We don't expect the Fed to engage 
in a full blown hiking cycle… The 1y1y rate at 435 basis points is pricing in about two and a half 
hikes this cycle…. Sounds about right…" 
EM + FX Trading 
“With little more than a week until the September FOMC, we find the dollar within 0.4% of its 
four month lows. Last week’s turn lower in USDJPY is likely a function of expected changes in 
onshore policy, but the dollar had already been on the back foot following the US Treasury 
announcement to extend long dated bond purchases and the implicit messaging that this 
represented of a weaker dollar being the accepted release valve to achieve other policy 
objectives. Combined with Waller’s somewhat dovish narrative last week has created something 
of an asymmetrically negative backdrop for the dollar.​
​
We think that a material deviation away from consensus expectations from this week’s US 
inflation data looks unlikely, but any material beat, particularly in core CPI, is likely to see the 
market price close to a full hike for next week’s FOMC. Inevitably this would feed through into 
initial USD strength, especially given the steady accumulation in dollar shorts over the last 
couple of weeks, but without an accompanying hawkish forward guidance suggesting a cycle 
beyond the 2.5 hikes that are currently priced out of next week’s FED meeting, we would expect 
any such USD strength to prove to prove short lived.​
​
We feel the greater asymmetry is to a dovish reprice/reaction in the event of a CPI miss, or even 
an in line release. The speed with which the market was willing to fade what was an 
unquestionably strong employment report last week illustrated the degree to which a confluence 
of factors has turned against the dollar. Any notable negative deviation in CPI should eliminate 
the chance of a FED hike next week, and even an in line outcome, whilst only likely to bring 
market pricing back to 40%-50% chance of a 25bp hike, will in our opinion be sufficient to keep 
the FOMC on hold. ​
​
The challenge within the EM space is which USD to be short. The sustained move higher in 
energy prices, as well as the outlook for core duration, is concerning us and both have been 
acting as a drag on EM performance, particularly within local rates. A strong CPI/FED hike will 
likely sustain the sizeable hike premia already priced into a number of EMEA EM rates markets, 


[Page 13]
 
whilst a low CPI / FED on hold may provide some relief to the front, but if the long end of the US 
curve de-anchors as a result this will almost certainly lead to EM duration weakness. On 
balance the front end of the likes of CZK and PLN appear the safer option.​
​
EMFX is a more challenging call. The low vol/rangebound trading that has allowed for this 
strategy to deliver such consistent returns this year remains in place, but at the same time the 
risks from higher energy and long end yields appear underpriced: our strategy is to add into the 
likes of BRL, COP, ZAR & HUF into any material weakness. Any negative reaction to a strong 
CPI on Friday may provide such an opportunity.” 
Luke Molyneux (G10 FX Spot Trading):  
"Into the data we focus our efforts on $/JPY where we expect to see a continuation of the recent 
downside move, whilst we have reduced other USD shorts ahead of the data - preferring 
receiving the meeting date. On in line print we think will mean an on-hold decision following 
Waller’s communications last week. This should allow for $/JPY to continue lower – with the 
current flow imbalance alongside stops/barriers at round numbers below likely pushing us back 
toward the 152.10 low seen in late Jan. A higher print we think people will use as an opportunity 
for those not short to re-sell $/JPY toward the 157.50/158.00 area.”​
​
FX Options 
Prateek Mookerjee (G10 FX Options Trading):  
“We think FX gamma presents a compelling opportunity to play for both sides of USD 
distribution. Similar to what’s been pointed out in equity vol, we think 1w options given the 
current gap at ~30bps for CPI seems low for what is the deciding print for Sep FoMC.  ​
Most USD pairs roughly in line but backtests suggest 1w AUD Puts @ <7v look like the best 
expected performance for a beat; and on the USD weaker side we think CHF (especially when 
comparing to JPY) look most attractive. We especially like these two when overlaying the 
backtest with our positioning metrics where the market remains long AUD on the crosses (vs 
EUR/NZD/AUD) and short CHF as the primary portfolio funder in G10.  Quick note on JPY – 
we’ve seen a large reprice in front end implied vol (1m from 7- 11v over the past 2 weeks) 
following the break down through 155 in the past 2 sessions. In stark contrast to the past year in 
bouts of JPY strength, we’ve seen virtually no interest to try and engage in retracement trades. 
While we’ve seen some CTA unwinds of JPY in carry portfolios, we think there is a very real 
chance of more forced unwinds on a weak CPI print out of the US this week. Worth watching 


[Page 14]
 
levels of 153.30/152.20 as the 100week moving average and the Jan lows for further 
breakdown there on a weak print + barrier accumulation starting from 152 for the next 2 weeks.”  
More available to pro subscribers. 
 
 
 
