[Page 1]
 
Yields Jump To 3 Year High After Treasury Takes 
Less Than Expected At Buyback Amid Flood Of 
Lowball Attempts 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 11, 2026 - 11:45 AM 
Ahead of today's first expanded Treasury buyback operation, there were two views on how it 
could go. 
On one hand, there were those who, like Bank of America rates strategists, expected the 
Treasury to purchase close to the $6 billion maximum at Thursday’s buyback operation to avoid 
risking a further selloff in long-dated securities. 
As BofA's rates guru, Mark Cabana, wrote earlier today (full note available to pro subs), over the 
last several operations the 10y-20y buybacks had received $18.7 billion of offers on average, or 
about 9 times oversubscribed (at the old maximum par amount permissable of $2 billion), and 
Treasury has always bought the maximum.  
“A purchase below the max would be unprecedented for the 10y-20y bucket,” they wrote. 
Of course, the Treasury retains the option to buy as little as zero, particularly if offers are cheap 
versus prevailing market prices at the close of the operation. Furthermore, as the BofA 
strategists note, there have been episodes in the past when a market rally during a buyback 
operation leads the Treasury to accept less than the maximum amount 
Then there were those on the other side, who approached today's operation from a game 
theoretical perspective, and warned that the more bonds the Treasury bought back, the greater 
the distressed signal it would send, sparking another selloff at a time when yields are already at 
3-year highs.  
So what happened? Well, just after 2pm ET, we got the results from today's first expanded 
buyback, and we learned that - contrary to Cabana's expectations - the Treasury bought back 
materially less 10- to 20-year securities than the maximum amount it had outlined, driving US 
government debt yields even higher. 


[Page 2]
 
The Treasury bought only $5.2 billion worth of the debt on Thursday, short of the $6 billion 
maximum amount it had announced on Wednesday. As shown below, the Treasury received 
offers for $10.5 billion in 10-20 year bonds, accepting just under half, or $5.187 billion, below the 
$6 billion max. 
 
Source: Treasury 


[Page 3]
 
Why note accept the full $6 billion? Well, as a quick analysis of the accepted offers reveals, a 
quarter of the accepted offers were lowballs, meaning those offering to sell paper to the 
Treasury demanded prices far above (and yields well bellw) market to part with their Treasuries, 
locking in an immediate profit (as they could then immediately turn around and repurchase the 
same paper in the open market). 
 
And is 25% of the accepted offers were lowballs, one can only imagine what the $5.3 billion in 
not accepted offers looked like: we can only assume the whole pack was full of attempts to 
massively lawball Bessent in a day when the Treasury would do anything to lower yields. 
However, Scott "The House" Bessent decided to play hard to get, and refused to play ball, 
rejecting not only half of all eligible submissions, but accepting almost $1 billion less than the 
maximum.  
As note above, while the Treasury is not obliged to purchase the maximum amount, it was only 
the third time it’s opted against doing so. There have been 53 such operations targeting 
longer-dated nominal debt since the program was reintroduced in 2024. 


[Page 4]
 
As a result, the Cabana school appears to have the upper hand for now, and the yield on 
10-year Treasuries jumped to session highs, extended an earlier rise after the operation, up 10 
basis points to 4.94%.  
 
So now what: is "The House" out of options and is QE/YCC about to make a gradual 
appearance? 
Maybe, but not quite yet: according to Cabana if Treasury cannot contain the selloff in back-end 
rates - which now appears the case - it may consider “more impactful debt-management 
measures,” such as considering cutting long-end auction sizes — or even completely cutting the 
20-year bond — if buybacks are not enough. 
Strategists estimate coupon reductions similar to the 2021-2022 episode could correspond with 
about 20 basis points of additional rate impact and eliminating the 20- and 30-year issues could 
have as much as 53 basis points of additional rate impact.  
BofA continues to recommend buying the dip on 30-year spreads due to a more activist US 
Treasury, although be prepared for even more pain first. 
More in the full BofA note available to pro subs. 
 
