[Page 1]
22 September 2026, 07:40 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
AI Quick Pulse: Consumer AI’s next frontier – 
The rise of AI agents
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
 
Authors: Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Delwin Kurnia 
Limas, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Kevin Dennean, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, US Technology & Telecom, UBS Financial Services 
Inc. (UBS FS); Achille Monnet, CIO Equity Analyst, UBS Switzerland AG; Arafat Alafate, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch; Nikolaos 
Fostieris, Global Equity Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG; Xueqiong Huang, Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
• Meta Muse has quickly emerged as one of the fastest-
growing consumer AI products, reaching roughly 1.8 
million iOS downloads across the US and Canada within 
its first 12 days versus about 1.3 million for ChatGPT over 
a comparable period, while also surpassing ChatGPT in 
daily active users and reaching the top of the US app store 
rankings.
• We believe Muse is proof that consumer AI agents 
may be nearing mainstream adoption. The emergence 
of agents could introduce a new monetization layer 
through transaction economics, complementing existing 
subscription and advertising models and potentially 
creating a pathway to monetize a portion of the more 
than USD 6tr global e-commerce market.
• For investors, we see the most attractive exposure 
through the CPU supply chain. Agentic workloads 
are significantly more CPU intensive than traditional 
chatbot interactions, supporting demand for AMD, Intel, 
and Arm, alongside key beneficiaries including TSMC, 
ASE Technology, SK Hynix, substrate suppliers, cooling 
vendors, and indirectly semi-caps (AMAT, ASML, Lam 
Research). We also remain constructive on hyperscalers, 
as consumer agents provide a clearer pathway to AI 
monetization and improved returns on AI investments, 
although leadership at the application layer is likely to 
rotate over time.
Source: Shutterstock
 
The launch of Meta Muse has reignited investor excitement 
around consumer AI agents. While Muse is not the first 
consumer agent, with products such as GrokBot and Instinct 
already in the market, Meta may be the first company 
with the scale to make agents mainstream. Its edge lies 
less in product novelty and more in its combination of 
compute capacity, capital, and unmatched distribution. Early 
signs suggest that advantage is translating into adoption. 
According to Apptopia, Muse reached roughly 1.8 million 
iOS downloads across the US and Canada in its first 12 days, 
versus around 1.3 million for ChatGPT over a comparable 
period. Daily active users also tracked materially higher, 
while Muse recently climbed to the top of the US app store 
rankings.
The implications extend well beyond Meta. Muse is likely 
to accelerate a consumer-agent arms race across Google, 
Amazon, OpenAI and other AI labs, all of whom have strong 
incentives to build their own agent ecosystems. At the 
same time, agents are creating a new battleground around 
platform access, data ownership, and transaction control. 
Recent reports indicate that Amazon has blocked Muse 
from accessing its marketplace, citing concerns around 
unauthorized agent activity, transparency, and customer 
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS), UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Switzerland AG,
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Analyst certification and required disclosures begin on page 4. UBSFS accepts 
responsibility for the contents of this report. U.S. persons who receive this report and wish to effect any transactions in 
any security discussed in this report should do so with UBSFS and not UBS AG.
Page 1 of 10


[Page 2]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
data handling, while Shopify has partnered with Muse to 
enable agent-driven checkout. We expect similar tensions to 
emerge as platform owners become increasingly reluctant 
to allow third-party agents to intermediate customer 
relationships and commerce flows.
The stakes are significant. Consumer AI monetization today 
remains largely dependent on subscriptions and advertising, 
with Meta offering Muse through a free tier, as well as USD 
20 and USD 100 monthly plans. Agents could introduce 
a third and potentially larger revenue stream through 
transaction economics (Fig. 1). Global e-commerce spending 
exceeds USD 6tr annually, and if agents increasingly 
purchase goods, book travel, pay bills or manage recurring 
services on behalf of users, platforms could capture a 
small share of those transactions, creating an entirely new 
monetization layer. Just as importantly, agents expand 
consumer AI from question-answering to task execution, 
increasing engagement, retention and willingness to pay. 
In that sense, consumer agents may not only deepen 
subscription revenues but also unlock a new pathway to 
monetize action rather than attention.
Fig. 1: Sensitivity of agentic commerce revenues to 
GMV market share and effective transaction fees
Revenues in USD mn
Source: FactSet, Insider Intelligence, UBS, as of 2026
For investors, we believe the most attractive way to express 
the consumer-agent theme is through the CPU supply chain. 
Unlike chatbots, agents continuously browse, plan, retrieve 
information and execute actions, creating a far more CPU-
intensive workload profile. As we have highlighted before, 
the rise of agentic AI could drive a structural shift in 
compute demand, benefiting CPU leaders such as AMD, 
Intel and Arm, alongside key enablers including TSMC, ASE 
Technology, SK Hynix, substrate suppliers, cooling vendors, 
and broader data-center infrastructure providers. Rising CPU 
demand should also support the semiconductor capital 
equipment complex, where wafer-fab equipment intensity 
remains below historical norms and could see upside as 
foundries expand capacity to support a more CPU-centric AI 
deployment cycle.
The development is also positive for hyperscalers, where 
we continue to see attractive valuations relative to 
the long-term AI opportunity. Consumer agents provide 
a clearer pathway to monetization, extending revenue 
streams beyond today's subscription- and advertising-led 
models while driving higher compute consumption, cloud 
utilization, and ecosystem engagement. Over time, this 
should improve returns on AI investments and help alleviate 
concerns about capex sustainability as monetization catches 
up with infrastructure spending. That said, much like 
leadership in foundation models has rotated among leading 
AI labs, we expect consumer-agent leadership to remain 
fluid. Meta may have first-mover momentum today, but 
Google, Amazon, OpenAI, and others are likely to launch 
competing offerings while increasingly controlling access 
to proprietary data, commerce platforms and customer 
relationships. As a result, leadership at the application layer 
may rotate frequently, but the broader hyperscaler group 
should benefit from growing AI adoption and monetization, 
while the infrastructure layer remains the most durable way 
to express the theme.
Page 2 of 10


[Page 3]
Risk table 
Company Name
Risk Statement
Advanced Micro Devices
Risks include slower-than-expected technology migration and a potential increase in competition.
Alphabet Inc
Key risks to our view include an economic slowdown, regulations, competition, and operating expense 
control.
Amazon.com
Risks include slowing cloud spend, wage pressure, regulatory/anti-trust actions, and tariffs.
Applied Materials Inc.
Risks to our views include economic growth, SCE demand, end-market health, and US-China tensions.
ARM Holdings
Key risks include muted royalty growth due to limited uptake of ARM Holdings in data centers and 
continuous investments driving slower-than-expected margin expansion.
ASE Technology Holding
Risks to this outlook include failure to gain market share in advanced packaging and industry oversupply due 
to aggressive capacity expansion.
ASML
Risks include a structural decline in lithography spending and significant execution issues across major 
customers resulting in delay in capital spending plans. In the near term, a lack of recovery in consumer 
semiconductor end-markets could also limit wafer demand. ASML will need to scale capacity significantly 
over time, the complexity of which creates execution risk, which may lead to disappointing financial results in 
any given quarter. Adverse FX risks could also impact operating performance.
Intel Corp.
Key risks include slower IT spending as Intel derives most of its sales from the PC and server segments.
Lam Research Corp 
Key risks include weaker-than-expected recovery in the memory segment and geopolitical friction.
Meta Platforms
Key risks include execution, regulation, and competition.
Shopify
Key risks: intense competition from marketplaces and SMB website platforms, macro sensitivity given 
merchant exposure to discretionary goods, FX headwinds as international mix rises, payments and 
credit
‑
related loss variability or regulatory changes that could compress take rates.
SK Hynix
Risks include potential US tariffs and manufacturing exposure in China, more-intense-than-expected pricing 
competition, and execution issues.
TSMC
Risks to this outlook include lower-than-expected outsourcing from key clients as they enhance in-house 
capabilities, a weak macroeconomic environment that could dampen end-market demand, and intensifying 
competition.
Page 3 of 10


[Page 4]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Appendix
Required Disclosures
Analyst certification
Each research analyst primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in whole or in part, certifies that with 
respect to each security or issuer that the analyst covered in this report: (1) all of the views expressed accurately reflect his 
or her personal views about those securities or issuers; and (2) no part of his or her compensation was, is, or will be, directly 
or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by that research analyst in the research report.
For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and 
publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology
Company/Country Disclosures   (22 September 2026)
Within the past 12 months UBS AG, its affiliates or subsidiaries may have received or provided investment services and 
activities or ancillary services as per MiFID II which may have given rise to a payment or promise of a payment in relation to 
these services from or to each company mentioned in the publication.
ARM Holdings Plc 2, 4, ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd. 2, 4, ASML 2, 4, Advanced Micro Devices 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, Alphabet Inc 
2, 3, 4, 8, 9, Amazon.com 2, 3, 4, 8, Applied Materials Inc. 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, Intel Corp. 2, 4, 5, 8, 10; LAM Research Corporation 
1, 2, 4, Meta Platforms 2, 3, 4, 8, SK Hynix 1, 2, Shopify Inc 2, 4, 7, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 2, 3, 4,
1. The equity analyst covering this company, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long 
common stock position in this company.
2. UBS Securities LLC makes a market in the securities and/or ADRs of this company.
3. The UBS Wealth Management strategist, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has a long 
common stock position in this company.
4. UBS holds a long position of 0.5% or more of the listed shares of this company.
5. Within the past 12 months, UBS has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking 
services from this company/entity.
6. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Financial Services Inc, and non-investment 
banking securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.
7. Because this security exhibits higher-than-average volatility, the FSR has been set at 15% above the MRA for a Buy rating, 
and at -15% below the MRA for a Sell rating (compared with 6/-6% under the normal rating system).
8. The fixed income analyst covering this company, a member of his or her team, or one of their household members has 
a long common stock position in this company.
9. UBS beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of this company's common equity securities as of last month's end (or the 
prior month's end if this report is dated less than 10 days after the most recent month's end).
10. This company/entity is, or within the past 12 months has been, a client of UBS Securities LLC, and non-investment 
banking securities-related services are being, or have been, provided.
Contact
If you require information on UBS Chief Investment Office GWM, its research publications, ratings histories and UBS 
disclosures with regard to financial instruments and/or issuers, please contact the mailbox ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com (note that 
e-mail communication is unsecured) or contact your client advisor for assistance.
Producers, disseminators and their competent authorities
This publication has been produced and/or disseminated to you by the UBS Group entity, inclusive of former Credit Suisse 
AG, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and branches, you have a banking relationship with. The full name of the producing and/or 
disseminating entity and its competent authority can be found below.
UBS AG Australia Branch is supervised by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority. UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth 
Management Co., Ltd. is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (FSA). UBS AG Singapore Branch is regulated 
by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). UBS Securities Co. Limited is licensed to conduct securities investment 
consultancy businesses by the China Securities Regulatory Commission. UBS AG Hong Kong Branch is regulated by the 
Securities and Futures Commission (Hong Kong) and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA). UBS AG Taipei Branch is 
authorized and regulated by the Financial Supervisory Commission (FSC) of the Republic of China (Taiwan). UBS Switzerland 
AG is regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA). UBS Europe SE, Germany, is duly authorized 
by the European Central Bank (ECB), and supervised by the ECB, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) and 
the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht). UBS Europe 
Page 4 of 10


[Page 5]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
SE, Luxembourg Branch (UBS LUX) is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit institution constituted under German law, duly 
authorized by the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht 
– “BaFin”) and subject to the joint prudential supervision of BaFin, the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank) 
and the European Central Bank (ECB). UBS LUX is furthermore supervised by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory 
authority (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier), in its role as host member state authority. UBS Europe SE, 
Succursale Italia is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
as well as of the Bank of Italy (Banca d’Italia) and the Italian Financial Markets Supervisory Authority (Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa – CONSOB). UBS AG Sucursal en España is authorized by the Banco de España.
UBS Europe SE, Denmark Branch, filial af UBS Europe SE is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central 
Bank (ECB), the German Central Bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Danish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet).
UBS Europe SE, Sweden Bankfilial is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank (ECB), the German 
Central bank (Deutsche Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), as well as of the Swedish supervisory authority (Finansinspektionen). UBS Europe SE 
Succursale de France is subject to the joint supervision of the European Central Bank, the German Central Bank (Deutsche 
Bundesbank), the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht), 
as well as of the French "Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution" and "Autorité des marchés financiers". UBS 
(Monaco) S.A. operates under a banking license granted by the “Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution” (ACPR) 
and the Monegasque government and is also licensed by the “Commission de Contrôle des Activités Financières” (CCAF) 
to provide investment services in Monaco. UBS AG London Branch is regulated by the Prudential Regulatory Authority 
(PRA) and the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA). UBS AG Jersey Branch is regulated and authorized by the Jersey Financial 
Services Commission for the conduct of banking, funds and investment business. In Israel, UBS Switzerland AG is registered 
as Foreign Dealer in cooperation with UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd., a wholly owned UBS subsidiary. UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd. is an Investment Marketing licensee which engages in Investment Marketing and is regulated by 
the Israel Securities Authority. UBS AG Bahrain Branch is authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain. UBS 
AG Dubai Branch is licensed in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) by the Dubai Financial Services Authority 
(DFSA) as an authorised firm. UBS AG Abu Dhabi Branch is licensed and regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory 
Authority (“FSRA”) of the Abu Dhabi Global Market. UBS Qatar LLC is authorized by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory 
Authority. UBS Saudi Arabia is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority to conduct securities business 
under licence number 08113-37. UBS BB Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A. is regulated by 
Comissão de Valores Mobiliários. UBS Asesores México, S.A. de C.V. is regulated by Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de 
Valores (CNBV). UBS Financial Services Inc. is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC), a futures commission merchant with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the National Futures 
Association and is a member of various exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Frequency of updates
Equity recommendation lists can be updated on a daily basis, and are refreshed whenever there is a material change.
Risk views on bond issuers and instruments are affirmed sporadically and changed ad hoc, subject to market 
developments.
Page 5 of 10


[Page 6]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Equity selection system
Most Preferred*: We expect the stock to outperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
Least Preferred*: We expect the stock to underperform the benchmark in the next 12 months.
*A stock cannot be selected as Most Preferred if it is rated Sell by UBS Investment Bank, while a Buy-rated stock by UBS 
Investment Bank cannot be selected as Least Preferred.
Bellwether (For US sector Equity Preferences): Stocks are of high importance or relevance to the sector and which the equity 
sector strategist expects to perform broadly in line with the sector benchmark in the next 12 months (not rated as Most 
Preferred or Least Preferred). Equity Preferences prepared by ex-US analysts don't have stocks with a Bellwether designation.
Securities in the US versions of the Equity Preference List have been removed from distribution outside the US if the security 
is Bellwether.
Restricted: Issuing of research on a company by CIO GWM can be restricted due to legal, regulatory, contractual or best 
business practice obligations which are normally caused by UBS Investment Bank’s involvement in an investment banking 
transaction in regard to the concerned company.
Equity selection: An assessment relative to a benchmark
Equity selections in Equity Preferences lists (EPLs) are assessments made relative to a sector/industry, country/regional or 
thematic benchmark. The chosen benchmark is disclosed on the front page of each EPL. It is also used to measure the 
performance of the EPL owner(s). Including a stock in the EPL constitutes neither a view on its expected, standalone absolute 
performance nor a price target. Rather, EPLs are meant to support the UBS House View, with the stocks included in them 
selected for their superior risk/return profiles.
Our selection is based on an assessment of the company's fundamental outlook and valuation, the risks owning the stock 
entails, including material sustainability risks and the diversification benefits it provides in an investment portfolio, among 
many other factors. UBS GWM CIO‘s selection methodology enables wealth management clients to invest in a specific 
investment theme or focus on a sector/industry or country/region.
The lead strategist is responsible for the CIO view on a stock, while the EPL owner(s) is/are responsible for the stock selection 
within an EPL. Stocks can be selected for multiple EPLs. For consistency's sake, a stock can only be selected as either Most 
Preferred or Least Preferred, not both simultaneously. As EPL benchmarks differ, stocks do not need to be included on every 
list to which they could theoretically be added.
For more information about our present and past recommendations, please contact ubs-cio-wm@ubs.com
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Page 6 of 10


[Page 7]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Current CIO GWM Americas global rating distribution
% of companies under coverage with this rating*
% for which IB services have been provided**
Rating*
Most Preferred
47.74%
18.10%
Bellwether
52.26%
24.41%
Least Preferred
0.00%
0.00%
*Under our industry sector relative stock view system, Most Preferred most closely corresponds with a "buy" 
recommendation, Bellwether most closely corresponds with a "hold" recommendation and Least Preferred most closely 
corresponds with a "sell" recommendation.
**Percentage of companies within this rating for which investment banking services were provided by UBS AG or UBS 
Securities LLC or its affiliates within the past 12 months.
Source: UBS Financial Services Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliate, as of Sep 22 2026.
 
Statement of Risk
Equities - Stock market returns are difficult to forecast because of fluctuations in the economy, investor psychology, 
geopolitical conditions and other important variables.
UBS does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware 
that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision.
For a complete set of required disclosures relating to the companies that are the subject of this report, please mail a request 
to UBS CIO Global Wealth Management Business Management, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor, Avenue of the 
Americas, New York, NY 10019.
Current UBS CIO global rating distribution (as of last month-end)
Most Preferred
100%
. .
.
.
For a complete set of required disclosures relating to the companies that are the subject of this report, please mail a request 
to UBS CIO Global Wealth Management Business Management, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor, Avenue of the 
Americas, New York, NY 10019.
Page 7 of 10


[Page 8]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Risk Information
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research. The date and time of the first dissemination of this publication is the same as the date and time 
of its publication.
Instrument/issuer-specific investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or 
completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and 
market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. This publication 
is not intended to be a complete statement or summary of the securities, markets or developments referred to in the report. 
Opinions expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result 
of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of 
this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Page 8 of 10


[Page 9]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Risk Information
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Options and futures are not suitable for all investors, and trading in these instruments is considered risky and may be 
appropriate only for sophisticated investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, and for the complete risks relating to options, 
you must receive a copy of "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". You may read the document at https://
www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp or ask your financial advisor for a copy.
Investing in structured investments involves significant risks. For a detailed discussion of the risks involved in investing in any 
particular structured investment, you must read the relevant offering materials for that investment. Structured investments 
are unsecured obligations of a particular issuer with returns linked to the performance of an underlying asset. Depending on 
the terms of the investment, investors could lose all or a substantial portion of their investment based on the performance 
of the underlying asset. Investors could also lose their entire investment if the issuer becomes insolvent. UBS does not 
guarantee in any way the obligations or the financial condition of any issuer or the accuracy of any financial information 
provided by any issuer. Structured investments are not traditional investments and investing in a structured investment is not 
equivalent to investing directly in the underlying asset. Structured investments may have limited or no liquidity, and investors 
should be prepared to hold their investment to maturity. The return of structured investments may be limited by a maximum 
gain, participation rate or other feature. Structured investments may include call features and, if a structured investment is 
called early, investors would not earn any further return and may not be able to reinvest in similar investments with similar 
terms. Structured investments include costs and fees which are generally embedded in the price of the investment. The tax 
treatment of a structured investment may be complex and may differ from a direct investment in the underlying asset. UBS 
and its employees do not provide tax advice. Investors should consult their own tax advisor about their own tax situation 
before investing in any securities.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS BB Corretora de Câmbio, Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A., UBS 
Asesores México, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth Management Israel Ltd and UBS 
Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts responsibility for the content of a 
report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. All transactions by a US person in 
the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-registered broker dealer affiliated with 
UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have not been and will not be approved 
by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. UBS Financial Services Inc. is not 
acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within the meaning of Section 15B of 
the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or views contained herein are not 
intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal Advisor Rule.
For information on the ways in which UBS Securities LLC manages conflicts and maintains independence of its UBS 
Global Research product; historical performance information; certain additional disclosures concerning UBS Global Research 
Page 9 of 10


[Page 10]
Transformational Innovation Opportunities (TRIO): Artificial Intelligence
Risk Information
recommendations; and terms and conditions for certain third party data used in research report, please visit https://
www.ubs.com/disclosures.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-sr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version D/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 10 of 10
