GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 1 Oct 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, Global Banking & Markets
1 Oct 2026
Chart of the day FICC based ETF options have 3x'd in volume over the last 2 weeks Macro GS Research:
Pushing Fed Rate Hike - The core PCE price index
Chart of the day
FICC based ETF options have 3x'd in volume over the last 2 weeks
Macro GS Research:
Pushing Fed Rate Hike - The core PCE price index rose 0.25% in August, somewhat below expectations,
and the year-over-year rate now stands at 3.01%, well below expectations. The downward revision to year-
over-year core PCE growth resulting from the methodological changes was larger than we expected and
mostly reflected a larger revision to the portfolio management component. Based on today’s inflation
report, we now expect 3.0% growth for core PCE on a Q4/Q4 basis, well below the median FOMC
participant's forecast of 3.4%. Coupled with comments from New York Fed President John Williams
yesterday, we now think that an October hike is unlikely. We are pushing back the second hike in our
forecast to December, and we see a strong chance that the FOMC will ultimately conclude that additional
rate hikes are unnecessary.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
Oil & Gas Rating Changes - We upgrade OXY with a raised 12-month price target to $69 given OXY's 1)
differentiated advanced recovery approach, 2) strong outlook for debt reduction and dividend growth
potential, 3) self-help initiative with a target of $4.0 bn in cash flow improvement by 2030, and 4)
attractive risk/reward skew given discounted valuation at current levels. Across our oil E&P coverage, we
have seen strong YTD share price performance from our oil E&P coverage (+34%) given an elevated oil
pricing environment, and we have seen OXY shares (+34%) trade in line with our broader oil E&P
coverage despite what we see as structural improvements that OXY has driven across its business through
an incremental focus on capital efficiency and deleveraging under the new CEO. For TOU, we downgrade
to Sell with a lowered 12-month price target of C$49 driven by 1) a challenging Western Canadian natural
gas macro environment in the near-term despite long-term progress with LNG Canada Phase 2 FID, 2) a
premium valuation relative to peers, and 3) delays to a sustainable FCF inflection following the one-year
NEBC infrastructure buildout pause.
Micron Results - We expect the stock to trade modestly higher following a strong quarter and guidance
that were well ahead of the Street, partly offset by modest gross margin downside and set against elevated
investor expectations heading into the quarter. Similar to peers, Micron continues to see tight
supply/demand conditions persisting in both DRAM and NAND through 2027 and 2028. Micron has also
signed 10 additional long-term agreements, in total amounting to ~35% of expected revenue through FY30

- with ~75% of these containing structured pricing frameworks. We continue to believe these agreements
are a positive for the stock which could help increase the multiple on "peak" earnings investors are willing
to pay for the stock. At the same time, the industry continues to accelerate supply additions to help satisfy
customer demand - although we believe this will not be enough to drive any meaningful slack in the
market until 2028 at the earliest. We remain Neutral-rated on the stock given our view of roughly balanced
risk/reward at current levels, but would consider being more constructive on the stock if we see continued
supply growth discipline continuing across the industry through 2028 and beyond.
DoorDash - On September 30th, DoorDash announced several product/platform updates with their annual
Dash Forward 2026 event. During the event and with the product announcements, the company
emphasized several key themes/areas of focus: a) providing users with a frictionless order experience; b)
expanding the reach of the platform (across products/services); & c) improving the Dasher, restaurant, and
retailer experience. In total, we highlight that today’s announcements continue a trend of the evolution of
DASH from a purely food delivery platform toward a three-sided local commerce company where the goal
of mgmt. remains to balance investments in growth against continued margin trajectory while continuing
to deliver (above-industry) topline growth. DASH mgmt. has previously highlighted that investments
across several initiatives - incl. AI & autonomy investments (with DoorDash Air & Dot) - are an
opportunistic deployment of capital and should be supportive of driving long-term consumer
engagement/retention.
Market Update
Q3 in the books. Large $11.5B MOC sell imbal for month end (pensions were modelled to sell $30.5b of
US equities which ranked in the 89th percentile over the past three years). Activity levels remain spotty,
given ongoing performance challenges + increasingly demanding macro backdrop (intense focus on Oil,
Rates) + looming midterm overhang + high velocity narrative shifts within AI. Yields continued to march
higher today with street looking through the softer PCE this AM (+25bps vs +30bps). Coupled with
comments from Fed President John Williams yesterday, GIR pushed back Fed hike timing from October to
December. Elsewhere, it was a bit unwindy with short interest, non-profitable tech pockets outperforming.
Noticeable Software > Semis tilt today, with most pointing to earnings (JBL -10% on a beat/raise
weighing on sentiment into MU tonight vs FDS +4% on a mixed print / outlook ) + end of quarter / usual
sector vol. Our floor was a 4 on a 1-10 scale in terms of overall activity levels, finishing +6% net to buy
with Asst Mgrs finishing net buyers (tech and macro) while HFs were ~flat (demand in Hcare vs supply in
tech and industrials).
CALENDAR
13:30 UKT Initial jobless claims, week ended September 26 (GS 200k, consensus 200k, last 197k)
14:45 UKT S&P Global US manufacturing PMI, September final (consensus 57.0, last 57.0)
Earnings:
US Conferences

Event
Date
Sector
Registration
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York
2-3 Dec
Industrials
Here
GS Financial Services Conference, New York
8-9 Dec
Financials
Here
Bookmark | Read
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
