 
'Doves' Drive Oil & Rate-Hike Odds Down; Dollar & 
Gold Bid Ahead Of Macro/Micro Maelstrom 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 30, 2026 - 05:00 AM 
Tl;dr: While yesterday saw the trilemma of bonds/stocks/oil following each other tick for tick as 
headline roulette broke a few traders' minds; today saw 'numbness' with selling pressure in 
stocks (month-end but Nasdaq outperformed on AI-SI tech news on Trump meet), bonds 
(long-end on supply, curve steeper, FedSpeak cut rate-hike odds), and oil (Qatar said 'talks', 
everyone ignore everything else). The dollar extended its rebound, gold managed gains and 
bitcoin was unch. 
Dovish FedSpeak (Williams), dovish WarSpeak (Qatar 'talks' and flows), dovish TechTalk 
(Trump/SI-AI CEOs) saved the day... 
 
Spot the odd one out... 

 
 
Lots of questions, not so many answers today as more than a few traders MSG'd us "wtf is 
going on" or "weird f**king day" as recent correlations creaked as bond yields broke above 
'triggering' levels. 
Trying to synchronize any narrative today seemed pointless. It was every asset for itself as 
qtr/month-end flows 'should' be (according to Goldman) signaling heavy rotation from stocks into 
bonds (but aren't for now). 
Energy 
Four positives... ignore the two negatives... was the story today that drover oil futures prices 
lower 
Ignore this:  
1. Iran is said to have struck a Very Large Crude Carrier in the Strait of Hormuz late on Monday, 
signaling what will likely be the resumption of strikes on foreign vessels seeking to navigate the 
Strait of Hormuz, after last week's diplomatic talks at the UN failed to produce a breakthrough. 
2. On Tuesday Iran's parliament speaker Bagher Ghalibaf has reiterated that America should 
know that "in a region where we don't sell oil, no one will sell oil." He followed with, "If our 
security is not ensured, no infrastructure will be safe." Later in the day, Fars reported that 
another drone has been fired an 'illicit' ship, however few details have been given. 
Focus on this... 

 
1. Qatar touts 'talks'. 
Qatari Foreign Ministry spokesman Majed al-Ansari on Tuesday said that Qatar and other 
mediators are still delivering messages between Iran and the United States and Doha will 
continue these efforts. 
Additionally, mediators are holding meetings and exchanging possible solutions between the 
two sides to end the seven-month conflict. 
2. Saudi Arabia boosted flows through key pipeline. 
The kingdom was said to have restored about half the capacity of its East-West pipeline 
following drone attacks. 
The conduit has been a crucial route bypassing the Strait of Hormuz, providing a lifeline to 
global markets as the world’s most important energy chokepoint was disrupted by the Middle 
East conflict. 
The Kpler team has done everyone an immense service: there is now a dedicated dashboard 
that tracks total liquids out of MENA.​
​
Means no more laborious data scraping to account for dark transits, STS, and other ephemera.​
​
Oh, and Kpler team is pretty conclusive: regional flows… pic.twitter.com/ttkPp7xlay 
— Gregory Brew (@gbrew24) September 29, 2026 
"Increased flows through Hormuz and the restart of Saudi Arabia’s East-West pipeline are giving 
the market some supply relief,” said Rebecca Babin, senior energy trader at CIBC Private 
Wealth Group.  
“The question is what that means for Iran: diminished leverage over Hormuz could bring it closer 
to the negotiating table, or prompt it to escalate to regain that leverage.” 
3. IEA "Ready to Act" to support oil markets (more reserves) and the US offers up to 40 million 
more barrels from the SPR (which would hit record lows 'cave bottoms')... 

 
 
4. Russian sanctions lifted? 
Meanwhile, President Trump is said to support a plan to ease sanctions on Russia in exchange 
for political prisoners, The Atlantic reported, citing US envoy John Coale. 
Russia is a top oil producer and sanctions have made it more difficult to export its crude... and 
may even ease its refined product export ban. 
Putting that altogether, crude prices (Brent and WTI futures - note that they are heading into a 
roll, so some noisy flows here) were lower. WTI front-month down over 3% and back below 
$90... 

 
 
Despite the futures declines, physical supply tightness remains... 
 
Dated Brent remains at $120... 

 
 
And while WTI's Cash-roll came in, it remains at extreme levels... 
 
On the bright side, refined product prices declined (except for Heating Oil). Diesel prices were 
lower in Europe, but higher in the US... 

 
 
Goldman's Rich Privorotsky is optimistic: 
There were brief moments of optimism yesterday and, reading the tea leaves, it does feel like 
the two sides are inching closer.  
Axios and CNN both reported U.S. openness to sanctions relief/frozen funds in exchange for 
concrete nuclear concessions… Trump subsequently denied that he had offered Iran anything.  
That still feels more like a trial balloon than noise to me. Mediators remain busy and Trump says 
he expects further talks this week. Incentives continue to point toward a deal now… but 
obviously the risk of miscalculation remains enormous.  
I'm more optimistic as negotiations remain ongoing via intermediaries but impossible to have an 
edge here. 
Additionally, as Bloomberg's Frank Monkam notes, October could in fact bring about peak 
geopolitical pressure on the Iran side in fear of losing their key leverage - the supply crisis -- 
once we get to the other side of US midterm elections. 
And before we leave Energy-land, we note something odd: Iran wrote to Americans... explaining 
that the meaning of "Death to America" means nothing more than "a prayer for the eradication 
of the diabolical ruling elite whose seat of power is the White House". 
Oh ok? Well the good news is no American is reading 26 pages of text, so unless Grok 
summarizes it, it never happened. 

 
Rates 
The bond market ignored the decline in oil prices (in fact doing the opposite - yields up, oil 
down) until a dove appeared to rescue the short-end... 
With The Fed having never hiked rates so close to a Midterm, it was only a matter of time for the 
doves to come out and 'adjust' the market's attitude 
Opposing the harangue of hawks over the last week (which drove October hike odds up to 
75%), NYFed President John Williams basically said "chill", noting that just one more 
interest-rate hike this year may be appropriate to help contain inflation, but added there’s no 
urgency to act following the central bank’s decision to lift rates earlier this month. 
“If the economy evolves in a manner broadly consistent with my forecast, one further upward 
adjustment of the federal funds target range may be appropriate late this year to support a 
timelier return of inflation to target,” Williams said Tuesday in prepared remarks for an event in 
Buffalo, New York. 
“With the policy action we took at our September meeting, there is no need for urgency, and we 
have time to gather more information,” he said. 
That sent October rate-hike odds tumbling back to pre-hawk, pre-ISM surge levels... 
 
And lowered overall rate-change expectations... 

 
 
That dovish shift at the short-end  (2Y -4bps, 30Y +5bps), but did nothing for the long-end... 
 
...which steepened the yield curve dramatically (back to pre-FOMC levels)... 

 
 
As 30Y Yields topped 5.61% on Tuesday to touch a level last seen in 2002, returning deeper 
into territory that had long been the norm before the low-rate era spanning the global financial 
crisis and pandemic. 
The leg higher came as inflationary angst (Prices Paid) and hefty corporate-debt supply 
continues to weigh on the market (the OpenAI and Anthropic leaks suggest AI CapEx spending 
ain't slowing down). 

 
 
“The long end does seem cheap by historical standards, and we have yet to see the big value 
buyer up here,”Michael Cloherty, head of US interest rate strategy at CIBC Capital Markets, 
said. 
“We’ve been waiting for more than a month and they’re absent.” 
Also pressuring the market was Paramount Skydance kicking off its long-awaited 
investment-grade bond sale, the largest portion of a syndicated $52 billion debt package for its 
acquisition of Warner Bros. Discovery. The firm is looking to raise about $32 billion from the 
sale. 
“We have the fifth-largest investment-grade deal on record,” said Monty Gandhi, a rates 
strategist at SMBC. 
“Some of this move in the long end is likely related to that." 
Also, as Bloomberg reports, this time of year also tends to be difficult for bonds. 
Over the past decade, Treasuries have posted a median loss of 0.9% in September, followed by 
0.7% in October, data compiled by Bloomberg show. And while this month is already shaping up 
to be the worst September since 2023, the ongoing US-Iran war, fiscal concerns and a hawkish 
Fed are raising the risk that losses will extend into October. 
“It’s been a train wreck in rates over September, and the pain trade may continue,” said 
Prashant Newnaha, strategist at TD Securities.  
“As long as there is no Middle East resolution, there is a risk that we see ongoing de-risking in 
fixed income and it could spread to equities as well.” 

 
The “seasonal test” for Treasuries typically comes in October, as bond supply ramps up and 
investors return from the summer lull, said Masahiko Loo, senior fixed-income strategist at State 
Street Investment Management. 
“Going into Thanksgiving, the combination of renewed Treasury supply, heavy credit issuance 
and relentless AI capex demand suggests competition for capital remains intense, keeping the 
risk of further Treasury volatility elevated,” said Loo. 
​
Strategists at Citigroup say the Treasury market is going through a “light buyer’s strike.” 
Stocks 
Stocks also saw a modest buyers' strike early on but as traders saw images of group hugs 
between Tech CEOs and Trump, the bid returned. However, only NDX managed gains on the 
day with Small Caps the biggest laggard and SPX and DOW ending red, despite the bounce... 

 
 
Another odd one... Utes best, Energy worst, Tech unch... 
 
Goldman's Privorotsky noted that "the velocity of the rates move, particularly real rates, is 
getting too punitive [for stocks] to ignore." 

 
 
... and the divergence between soaring bond vol and complacent equity vol is tough to shrug off 
too... 
 
But with all that said Mag7 lagged the S&P 493 today... 

 
 
META dipped a little on OpenAI's release of 'Dots' - their (business-focused) Agent but then took 
off (not consumer focused)... 
 
Goldman's Privorotsky saw "some genuinely good news overnight" in AI space 

 
Sonnet 5.5 is extremely strong… basically Opus level on some real world benchmarks, actually 
ahead on a couple, 30%+ faster than Sonnet 5 and materially cheaper than Opus. Important 
point is that frontier-ish intelligence keeps getting cheaper.  
That matters… it continues to widen the moat around applications and gives open source a 
much tougher economic competitor.   
OpenAI is the more complicated story. The latest frontier work has been slowed after 
alignment/security issues and the planned Astra update has been pulled back. My read is that 
Astra represented a meaningful capability jump, but if some of that speed came at the expense 
of control then they need to solve it before accelerating again.  
Today is DevDay and that is the main AI event.  
Likely to see some version of a persistent/always on agent that competes directly with Muse 
and the emerging consumer agent stack… potentially far more deeply embedded into 
workflows. [ZH: confirmed] 
None of that is confirmed yet. 
But if the direction of travel is millions of persistent agents doing work continuously, that is 
another powerful accelerator for inference, CPU/memory utilization and the broader 
infrastructure stack. Notably all the CPU names got hit with META yday following the meteoritic 
rip last week, still quite constructive on the complex.  
AI (or should we say SI) significantly outperformed non-AI(SI) today... 
 

 
Interestingly, Agentic AI and NeoClouds remain in the red for the week so far with Semis and 
Software outperforming... 
 
Oracle shares jump as much as 8.2% on a report that OpenAI’s annual recurring revenue is 
nearing $70 billion... 
 

 
AAPL suffered on the same thread with BofA warning that AI agents - especially Meta’s Muse - 
could pull shopping, forms, and checkout off Apple’s devices and services... 
 
For the tenth day in a row, the number of NYSE new lows topped the number of NYSE new 
highs... 
 
The NYSE Composite is at 3 month lows... 

 
 
And the Median stock is well off the highs... 
 
One more thing, Momentum stocks have rallied for 11 straight days with Goldman's headline 
Momentum basket up 28% in September - its best month since June 2000... 

 
 
And to end on a slightly less enthusiastic tone, Goldman's traders noted that activity levels 
remain quiet at a 2 out of 10with the floor skewed 3% net sellers... 
●​ LOs are skewed better for sale with supply in info tech, cons disc, and hc vs demand in 
macro products and fins 
●​ HFs are skewed better sellers on light activity levels with supply in comms services and 
indus vs demand in hc 
So who was buying today's dip? 
Everything Else 
The dollar rallied back up to the top the channel it has traded in for the last 17 months... 

 
 
Gold rebounded modestly off yesterday's plunge lows... 
 
Bitcoin rebounded from yesterday's lows but ended unchanged in a slight uptrend channel... 

 
 
...and most notably as Glassnode reported, bitcoin is rallying on less leverage. 
 
Price is up 35% from the August low, while coin-denominated open interest is down almost 
20%. 
That puts open interest at its lowest since March, potentially making the rally less susceptible to 
leverage flushes. 

 
Finally, with the worst seasonal half-month now (almost) behind us, and JPMorgan's traders 
turning 'tactically bullish', seasonality (especially Midterm years) appears to have bottomed... 
 
...with the first half of October having one of the best 'hit-rates' of the year... 
 
...or will this Midterm year be different? 

 
The rest of the week certainly offers plenty of room for more noise with Micron and Accenture 
(AI CapEx/pipeline spend) and Nike (consumer) results on the micro-side and macro news 
catalysts dominated by PCE, then ISM, and finally payrolls. 
 
 
 
