GS Crook - GS MORNING 1) New Fed Call, 2) France Update, 3)
ISM Preview, 4) KT on Brazil and 5) Tail Hedging Ideas 1 Oct
2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
1 Oct 2026
Highlights from GS Research, Trading and Sales: 1) New Fed Call, 2) France Update, 3) ISM Preview, 4)
KT on Brazil and 5) Tail Hedging Ideas 1) US ECO
Highlights from GS Research, Trading and Sales: 1) New Fed Call, 2) France Update, 3) ISM Preview, 4)
KT on Brazil and 5) Tail Hedging Ideas
1) US ECONOMICS (MERICLE) – Pushing Back Fed Rate Hike - LINK
BOTTOM LINE: The core PCE price index rose 0.25% in August, somewhat below expectations, and the
year-over-year rate now stands at 3.01%, well below expectations. The downward revision to year-over-
year core PCE growth resulting from the methodological changes was larger than we expected and mostly
reflected a larger revision to the portfolio management component. Based on today’s inflation report, we
now expect 3.0% growth for core PCE on a Q4/Q4 basis, well below the median FOMC participant's
forecast of 3.4%. Coupled with comments from New York Fed President John Williams yesterday, we now
think that an October hike is unlikely. We are pushing back the second hike in our forecast to December,
and we see a strong chance that the FOMC will ultimately conclude that additional rate hikes are
unnecessary.
FX STRATEGY (JENKINS): Even though we're no longer calling for October, it's still roughly 50-50
priced. I think there's still a bit of room to go there, and I'd really be watching for any reflection of that
better post-revision optics from the Fed speakers. That's important. We have Waller later today, who I
think is most likely to recognise that shift.
CHART 1: Core PCE Prices
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, US Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA)
2) France Update
OAT-Bund widening has put more focus on EURUSD and the election vol for next year
We have presentation of budget today. Proposal is to consolidate to deficit of 5% for next year versus 5.4%
expected this. We expect actual to be 5.3%. Below from Alex Stott (GS Econ):
“Today is only the formal presentation of the budget. I am not expecting to learn much new relative to the
interview Lecornu gave two weeks ago. The more important information will likely be RN's counter-
proposal due next Tuesday, which will give us a sense of the concessions they will ask for in the bill, as
well as their plans for the economy if they win the elections. Regarding the budget process, I am expecting

it to be very drawn out, potentially lasting until mid-December or early next year. What could accelerate
the timeline is if more acute market stress forces political parties to a quicker compromise”
Alex has also done modelling on medium term debt GDP path here: We have Deb/GDP rising to 125% at
start of next decade.
The issue with France is that:
1 - Average interest rate is set to rise to 3% from 2%
2 - The primary balance required to stabilise debt is +1% on our market forecasts; like many countries but
one that France has rarely achieved (95th percentile over past 35 years – charts below)
3 - If you take market rates its even worse; would need to run a 2% primary surplus, something that has
never been achieved
4 - We have elections and policy uncertainty.
Why is OAT-Bund spread moving now?
More from Alex: “past few sessions of spreads widening have not come on the back of any fundamental
news. Our current-quarter growth tracking has been pretty stable at 0.1% over the last month, the deficit
and budget news were in line with expectations, and polls have been relatively stable too. But clearly have
a difficult market backdrop with moves in energy/rates and election uncertainty. Plus would also note
discussion around Melenchon’s rise in 1st round polls to second. Though our simulation give him little
change of winning in second round (exhibit 7 here: his proposal to cancel French debt held at Banque de
France is the kind of deep tail which can lead to bigger market moves even if his winning probability only
shifts slightly”
CHART 1: French Primary Balance, and Balance Required to Stabilise Debt to GDP
Source: GS Global Investment Research
3) ISM Manufacturing Index Today
We estimate that the ISM manufacturing index was unchanged at 54.6 in September, reflecting a slight
headwind from residual seasonality and a modest decline in regional manufacturing surveys on net—our
manufacturing survey tracker declined by 0.6pt to 56.1 in September—that is offset by upward pressure
from convergence toward the level implied by other manufacturing surveys (which the ISM index is
currently below).
We think the market will be focus on this, given the strong beat in S&P PMIs last week. GS Econ have
done some work on this, and find that in level terms, our broader business survey trackers suggest that the
manufacturing PMI now stands roughly in line with other manufacturing surveys, which had been running
slightly higher over the past few months, while the level of the services PMI stands much higher than
other services surveys and is likely to normalize in upcoming readings.

CHART 1: The September S&P PMIs Have Been Much Firmer Than Most Other Business Surveys
Released So Far
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Federal Reserve, S&P
CHART 2: Our Broader Business Survey Trackers Suggest That the Manufacturing PMI Now Stands
Roughly in Line With Other Manufacturing Surveys, While the Services PMI Is an Outlier and Likely to
Normalize in Upcoming Readings
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
4) EM FX Strategy (TRIVEDI) – Brazil: Votes, Volatility and Value - LINK
BOTTOM LINE: EM assets remain stuck between rates and oil, with local rates buffeted by energy price
volatility and disorderly core rates pressures. We think lower energy prices are needed for lasting local
rates relief and recommend a selective approach with emphasis on idiosyncratic stories. The next
idiosyncratic story is Brazil's general elections this Sunday (October 4). Set against a wide fiscal deficit,
high nominal and real rates, and elevated premium across the DI swap and local bond curves, we see local
rates as offering the best asymmetry among Brazilian assets heading into the vote. A fiscally unfriendly
outcome could trigger a knee-jerk sell-off, but we expect this to be more contained than any potential rally
from a market-friendly result, given a DI curve that has consistently overshot macro fundamentals over the
past two years and the potential for a virtuous monetary-fiscal cycle. On balance, risk-reward favours
receiving the belly of the DI curve into the elections.
BRL: The Real remains a popular carry long and has broadly performed in line with its typical betas this
year. We benchmark BRL moves using our cyclical fair value model: USD/BRL at 4.80 would be
consistent with the 'residual' fiscal premium from the 2024 depreciation episode fully compressing. Under
a negative fiscal outcome, USD/BRL at 5.80 would reflect a similar fiscal premium to December 2024,
whereas 5.40 would reflect a similar premium to September 2024.
Equities: Bovespa has rallied 10% from mid-August lows, but domestic equities (ex-commodity
exporters), rate-sensitive stocks and small-caps remain flat to down YTD. Rate-sensitive pockets offer
'rate beta' 2-3x the headline index and trade at inexpensive valuations (10x, -0.9 s.d. 10-year), providing
asymmetric set-up in a market-friendly outcome. Rate-sensitive stocks and index call-spreads offer the
most attractive risk-reward.
CHART 1: High FX carry and ex ante real rate levels ahead of Brazil's elections, similar to those in 2022
but above those in 2018
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
5) FX SALES (WADE) – Tail Hedging Ideas: Back at the Desk - Buying Tails - LINK
BOTTOM LINE: The core backdrop remains higher energy prices, elevated core yields, and sustained AI
investment. In macro, front-end rate vol and a higher-for-longer yield path have proved a painful place for
investors. In FX, a rangebound USD, low vol and diminished correlations have meant carry remains king.
From here energy prices and central bank policy should continue to drive bonds and equities. While GIR

note that risks are now more clearly embedded in market pricing, elevated and persistent energy prices and
yields remain the key downside risk. From anecdotal conversations since my return from mat leave, it
feels like almost nobody's hedged — and hedging is cheap.
Some ideas we like below. Pricing is indicative, please reach out to the desk for live pricing.
Buy Brent Dec26 $120/bbl call costs $0.78/bbl
Expires 27 Oct 26
Max loss: premium spent. Max gain: unlimited.
ref COZ6 96.65
Buy 6m 0.6540 AUDUSD digi put costs 10% AUD
Max loss prem spent. Max lev 10x. Spot ref. 0.70
Strike ~6.5% out-the-money-spot
Buy 1y Dual costs 8.5% USD
SPX < 95%
2y SOFR < 50bps
Individuals: 22.5%, 27.5%. Correlation: 15%.
Max loss prem spent. Max lev 11x
Dual binary pays out if both conditions are met at expiry.
CHART 1: Cross-Asset Screen
Source: GS FX MarketStrats*


Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
