GS Novak - GS U.S. Industrials & Materials Fed PWR AAL LUV
AYI 1 Oct 2026
Ryan Novak  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
1 Oct 2026
Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities GS SECTOR SPECIALISTS: U.S. Industrials & Materials All
references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations
Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities
GS SECTOR SPECIALISTS: U.S. Industrials & Materials
All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Industrials closed on lows yesterday down 125bps with materials off 80bps both meaningfully
underperforming the broader markets. Technology and energy led while healthcare lagged. By subsector
defense and date center outperformed while airlines, transports and autos were lower on the day.
Industrials ending the month down 465bps materials down 750bps. Seasonality historically gets better into
year end. Most asked about on the day included GM F weakness, BA fade, FDXF continued weakness,
AIR day 2 of downside post deal, CGNX KEYS ROK HON AYI strength, ITW down 3% and day 2 of
weakness.
Coming in this morning to see US S&P futures up modestly as we turn the calendar to October and Q4.
Technology shares helped pre-market by MU’s bullish forecast last night. Similar theme in overnight
markets with Japan up 330bps, tech heavy KOSPI up 195bps. Europe more red than green led on the
downside by France down 120bps on the heels of their budget reveal. Crude bid to start the month in
commodities with Brent back above $100, WTI $92 up 200bps. Corn a notable flag back approaching $5
after yesterday’s WASDE supply demand update. 10-year at local highs this morning 5.31%. Dollar higher
as well DXY approaching $102 and Bitcoin flat $83.7k. We’ll get a trickle of new data points today
starting with ISM later this morning, jobless claims and multiple Fed speakers.
Privo on risk: Nasdaq is threatening the highs and the market still feels underexposed. Remarkable how
bullish the micro remains against a genuinely ugly macro backdrop. Credit and rates make broad beta
difficult, but gross is working… the things that should be going up are exactly what is leading. AI is
behaving exactly as it should, while Europe/Russell lag and vol hedges remain relatively cheap. The setup
is simple. Give us even stable rates and AI can keep dragging the index higher. If productivity growth
starts resembling the late-90s, equities can tolerate higher real rates than people think… just not uniformly.
Bad for small caps, lower quality balance sheets and the consumer. But in the right pocket of equities it is
working… and we are knocking on the highs while plenty of people still aren’t there.
Light on the micro this morning. CTVA “down” pre-market as the company trades Corteva / Vylor today.
No when issued trading in this one so most of the feedback was wanting to watch from the sidelines as
each piece finds their way. More interest in Vylor for sure but debate around multiples in each. AYI out

with small fiscal Q4 beat EPS $5.77 vs. $5.57 on revenue that came in line $1.24bn and EBIT slightly
ahead $233mm vs. $231mm. Will be looking for slides as it relates to fiscal 2027 guidance. ABL sales
down year over year but about in line with consensus. Gross margin strength continued 50.2% ahead of
49.8% consensus. Watching industrial distributors on positive checks away – likely to trade with ISM
regardless. Hosted dinner with my counterpart from Europe Jeremy Elster last night – reach out to discuss
takeaways, read throughs and ideas from the event.
Pre-Market Movers:
Bloomberg as of 10/1/26. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
Rates: GIR pushing out rate hike – full note here: The core PCE price index rose 0.25% in August,
somewhat below expectations, and the year-over-year rate now stands at 3.01%, well below expectations.
The downward revision to year-over-year core PCE growth resulting from the methodological changes
was larger than we expected and mostly reflected a larger revision to the portfolio management
component. Based on today’s inflation report, we now expect 3.0% growth for core PCE on a Q4/Q4
basis, well below the median FOMC participant's forecast of 3.4%. Coupled with comments from New
York Fed President John Williams yesterday, we now think that an October hike is unlikely. We are
pushing back the second hike in our forecast to December, and we see a strong chance that the FOMC will
ultimately conclude that additional rate hikes are unnecessary. Real GDP was revised up by 0.7pp to
+2.2% in its third Q2 release (quarter-over-quarter annualized), largely reflecting upward revisions to
consumption and investment growth. The annual revisions to the national accounts were released today.
Real GDP growth was revised up by 0.4pp to +2.5% in 2026Q1 but revisions to prior years were modest.
The savings rate was revised up significantly and stands at 4.1% in August. The goods trade deficit
widened by more than expected in August. The details of the personal income and spending report were
firmer than our previous assumptions, while the details of the Advance Economic Indicators report were
on net weaker: we lowered our Q3 GDP tracking estimate by 0.1pp to +3.3% (quarter-over-quarter
annualized).
Conviction List – Directors Cut: We add Amazon (AMZN), Burlington Stores (BURL), Huntington
Ingalls (HII), Johnson Controls (JCI), and Occidental Petroleum (OXY), while removing Air Products and
Chemicals (APD), ConocoPhillips (COP), Golar LNG (GLNG), Loar Holdings (LOAR), and Tyson Foods
(TSN). Full note:
Airline field trip – Catie was with AAL and LUV yesterday: At both meetings, the discussion around
shorter-term demand was positive, with both companies noting demand strength has continued despite
higher fares in response to significantly higher fuel, with Southwest flagging strong September trends.
Given the material move higher in fuel over the last month, both companies are assessing capacity plans,
noting there could still be some changes to schedules in December, but that it would be difficult to make
changes to October/November. If higher fuel prices persist, both management teams noted there could be
downside risk to 2027 growth plans, which we would expect to be the case across the industry. Over the
longer-term, both teams were upbeat on margin expansion, which they expect to be primarily driven by
revenue enhancing initiatives. American expects its fleet, onboard and airport product investments, loyalty

growth, and network changes to be key drivers to margin growth going forward. Southwest also called out
that product enhancements, network, and loyalty are expected to drive margins higher over the coming
years. Full note here:
PWR – Neil Mehta and team spent time with the company at a sell side event: We attended an in-person
lunch meeting with Quanta Services on September 30, 2026, including Earl C. "Duke" Austin, Jr. (Chief
Executive Officer), Jayshree Desai (Chief Financial Officer), Kip Rupp (Vice President Investor
Relations), and Sean Eastman (Director Investor Relations). We remain constructive on PWR as we see
incremental growth opportunities beyond the guided 7-10% organic growth CAGR through 2030,
bolstered by the company's strong position within the transmission & distribution build-out and data center
projects over the long-term. As PWR focuses on providing an integrated solution within the data center
space, we see incremental growth from past M&A aiding in customer awards for large projects as PWR
offers a vertically-integrated model. We anticipate growth in this market, as well as the addition of large
transmission projects, driving out-year revenue for the company. In addition, we view the company's pre-
fabrication offerings and offsite manufacturing capabilities as a potential margin driver and increasing
scope with customers. We reiterate our Buy rating and continue to see a compelling risk/reward. Full note:
let us know how we can help
Upcoming GS Events:
10/13/26 Webinar with Aterio on AI Infrastructure
11/30/26 TXT earnings call back zoom with CFO & IR
11/2/26 GEV IR in NY
11/5/26 DCO earnings call back zoom with CFO
11/12/26 MOS CFO, EVP of Commercial & IR in NY
11/12/26 WHR CFO & IR product demo in Chicago
11/17/26 SuperCompute with CARR DOV ETN ECL FLEX NVT VRT
12/1/26 17th Annual Aircraft Leasing Conference
12/2/26-12/3/26 GS Industrials and Materials Conference
Weekly Calendar:
Monday 9/28/26:
Macro: Dallas Fed
Tuesday 9/29/26:
Macro: FHFA House Price Index, JOLTS, Consumer Confidence
Micro: EPS pre-market: CCL KMX; EPS post-market: AIR; BWXT ALK investor days

Wednesday 9/30/26:
Macro: ADP, PCE, Chicago PMI
Thursday 10/01/26:
Macro: Claims, ISM
Micro: EPS pre-market: AYI
Friday 10/02/26:
Macro*: NFP, Factory Orders
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
