 
Why Has The US Economy Been So Resilient To 
Soaring Rates And Higher Oil Prices? Goldman 
Explains 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 30, 2026 - 11:15 PM 
It has become one of the most nagging questions across all of finance and economics: how is it 
that the US economy and stock market both remain so resilient in the face of sharply higher 
rates, not to mention oil prices at nosebleed levels. Over the weekend, in Morgan Stanley's 
Sunday Start note, head of fixed income strategy Andrew Sheets framed the question as 
follows:  
US 10-year Treasury yields have risen 100bp this year, while global equities are up about 13%. 
Those numbers sit in uncomfortable tension. Higher bond yields raise the return investors can 
earn elsewhere, increase the discount rate applied to future profits and, at least in theory, lower 
the value of equities. 
But that theory has two moving parts. 
Per the Gordon Growth model, the value of a stock is a function of its expected dividend 
payments (D) divided by r-g, the required rate of return minus growth. Higher rates push down 
on valuations by raising r and the denominator. Better growth pushes the other way. What 
matters isn't r in isolation, but the gap between the two. 
While this equation may be algebra, it can be impacted by psychology. Consider a world where 
rates are rising alongside 'hot' market conditions. It's entirely plausible that, given that buoyant 
backdrop, investors find a way to raise expectations for future growth, g, even faster. 
And that, we think, is exactly what's been happening. 
Is that really true: is the US economy growing even faster than interest rates are rising? 
We are skeptical - especially if one removes the hundreds of billions of new debt funding the 
massive AI capex which is now the only driver of US growth; in fact, without tech, US investment 
has been in recession for the last two years. Consider the following observation from UBS 
published late last week: 

 
"Today, outside of technology, investment has effectively been in recession for at least two 
years. Private non-residential fixed investment has averaged just 0.1% YoY over the last 8 
quarters (vs. a 3.2% long-run average), while residential investment has averaged -2.0% YoY 
(vs. 2.2%). By contrast, AI-related investment has grown 26% YoY over the past eight quarters. 
With investment already so weak, the scope for rates to depress spending further may be 
limited."  
Ok fine, when the bond market hits an iceberg, and when the capex funding machine breaks, 
the US economy is obviously in peril. But what happens until then - will the US economy remain 
resilient (and how long)  to the surge in interest rates?  
In a new note from Goldman's economics team, the bank seeks to answer just that question: 
"Why Has the US Economy Been So Resilient to Higher Rates and Higher Oil Prices" (full note 
available to pro subs) the bank says that it now estimates that the US economy grew at a 3.4% 
pace in Q3 and forecast 2.2% growth in 2026 overall on a Q4/Q4 basis, "close to our 2.3% 
estimate of potential GDP growth and only 0.3pp below our start-of-the-year forecast when we 
did not expect large increases in interest rates and oil prices."  
In the report, Goldman's Abhay Duggiralas echoes the title of this post and asks "why the US 
economy has proven so resilient to these surprises?" 
Part of the answer, according to Goldman, is that financial conditions have changed little on net 
since January, as the substantial rise in interest rates has been nearly offset by the effects of 
higher equity prices, narrower credit spreads, and a weaker dollar.  The bank's estimated GDP 
growth impulse from the FCI is therefore little changed from the start of the year, implying only a 
0.1% hit to 2026 Q4/Q4 GDP growth 

 
 
While the net impact of this year’s market moves on overall GDP is modest, Goldman finds that 
the effects on some components of GDP are more meaningful. The bank uses the Fed’s 
macroeconomic model FRB/US to estimate how the particular combination of market moves this 
year should affect each component of GDP. It finds a meaningful hit from higher rates to 
residential investment, offset by slight boosts to consumption and business investment. 
 

 
What about the effect of higher oil and refined products prices? 
Goldman's rule of thumb implies that a sustained $10/barrel increase in oil prices lowers GDP 
growth by just over 0.1% through the consumption channel as higher energy costs erode real 
purchasing power. Applied to the path oil prices have taken this year, the unusual widening in 
refined product spreads, and the bank's commodities strategists’ forecasts for prices through 
year-end, the rule of thumb implies a 0.4% drag on GDP growth. 
While US oil producers were initially reluctant to respond to higher prices by increasing capex 
because of the uncertainty of the war with Iran and the outlook for oil prices, the increase in the 
rig count index in Q3 points to a pickup in energy capex more recently. The consumption drag 
and capex boost will net out to a 0.3% hit to GDP growth from the oil shock, Goldman 
calculates. 
 
Summarizing the findings, Goldman's analysis suggests that slightly tighter financial conditions 
and higher oil prices should together be roughly a 0.4% drag on GDP growth. The downgrade 
the bank has made to its GDP forecast for the year, in part based on incoming data, is only 
slightly smaller than that, suggesting that the puzzle of economic resilience is smaller than it 
might appear at first. 
As for the punchline, the economy’s slight outperformance relative to what might have been 
expected largely comes from consumer spending. At the start of the year, Goldman forecasted 
consumption growth of 2.4% in 2026 Q4/Q4. Under the market and commodity price moves that 
actually materialized, the bank's oil shock model implies a 0.6% hit to that forecast, partially 

 
offset by a 0.2% boost from higher equity prices in our wealth effects model, netting to an 
expected 2.0% growth in consumption this year. Against that, Goldman estimates - in part 
based on the surprisingly solid incoming data in recent months - that consumption will grow 
2.2%, a modest upside surprise of 0.2%.  
That's the good news. The bad news is that if and when stocks finally selloff, the double 
whammy of a market crash and a hit to the "wealth effect" will mean that the US will most likely 
slide into a recession. 
More in the full Goldman note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
