GS Armbrust - What Matters Today Pushing Back our Rate Hike to
December Pension Rebal is Now Behind Us ETF Inflow Towards
the Mags and Cyber French 2027 Budget Adjustment 1 Oct 2026
Nelson Armbrust  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
1 Oct 2026
1) Pushing Back our Rate Hike to December The core PCE price index rose 0.25% in August, somewhat
below expectations, and the year-over-year rate now
1) Pushing Back our Rate Hike to December
The core PCE price index rose 0.25% in August, somewhat below expectations, and the year-over-year
rate now stands at 3.01%, well below expectations. We now expect 3.0% growth for core PCE on a Q4/Q4
basis, well below the median FOMC participant's forecast of 3.4%. Coupled with comments from New
York Fed President John Williams yesterday that "with the policy action we took at our September
meeting, there is no need for urgency, and we have time to gather more information," we now think that an
October hike is unlikely. We are pushing back the second hike in our forecast to December, and we see a
strong chance that the FOMC will ultimately conclude that additional rate hikes are unnecessary.
Real GDP was revised up by 0.7pp to +2.2% in Q2 (quarter-over-quarter annualized), largely reflecting
upward revisions to consumption (+0.4pp to +3.8%). The strength in consumer spending in Q2 likely
continued to reflect the boost to consumer cashflow from larger-than-usual tax refunds, but we continue to
expect consumer spending growth to slow somewhat in 2026Q4.
2) Pension Rebal is Now Behind Us (phew)
All week we flagged how pension rebal estimate of $30bn Equities to sell was one of the highest ever and
indeed it pressured the market at the end of the sessions (graph below). This is one headwind (of many)
that is now gone.
Payrolls tomorrow is the next one, but more importantly is the continued move up in 10y and 30y rates, as
well as the bad seasonality going into midterm elections (1 month away). Equities have held up pretty well
and S&P is ~2% away from all time highs and any relief in rates would be a trigger for an equity rally.
Bottom line: the asymmetry to own equities here has improved, but there are still several headwinds
ahead, I am constructive Equities in October and bullish into November and December.
3) ETF Inflow Towards the Mags and Cyber
SPX is on track to outperform RTY for 7 straight weeks (longest streak since 2018), coupled with XLK
outperforming SPX for 6 straight weeks… mega caps are providing much of the support, and demand in
the market has recently sought conduits to concentrated exposures… MAGS has garnered 12 inflows over
the past 13 sessions, one of the fund’s longest stretches of recurring demand since the fund launched years

ago. Worth noting that RSP is on track for 7 consecutive weeks lower (which would tie its longest stretch),
reaffirming the support at the top of the market cap spectrum.
Also, AI-fueled demand for cybersecurity exposure has the ETF complex on track for one of its best
months of inflows in our dataset (+$950mm).
Lastly, as the 10yr pushed through 5% this month, fixed income ETFs have seen a rapid acceleration in
trading volumes:
4) French 2027 Budget Adjustment?
We get the 2027 budget today. Lecornu is targeting roughly €54bn of adjustment to get the deficit to 5.0%
in 2027 from 5.4% in 2026… versus ~6.5% absent new measures. But at ~120bp OAT/Bund, the market
understands the problem. The government has no majority and this is the last budget before the
presidential election, so the opposition response probably matters more than what Lecornu puts on paper.
Even a 5% deficit leaves debt rising. France ultimately needs a much bigger fiscal recalibration.
Historically rates can become reflexive… higher yields worsen the arithmetic and increase the political
constituency for restraint. OATs are now effectively another voting constituent.
The more interesting tail may actually be more negative EUR than OATs. A future domestically focused
government could look harder at France’s EU contribution. France is not Greece, Portugal or Spain… the
political capacity for externally imposed austerity is completely different. A real confrontation with
Brussels would have much broader implications for the union. For equities, the trade has been rational.
Heavy client selling of French domestics makes sense given taxation is likely to remain part of the
solution, particularly for regulated/utility like businesses. But with spreads around 120bp and positioning
heavily skewed, it probably doesn’t take much good news to squeeze. We should get Le Pen's alternative
budgetary proposal in the coming weeks, likely timed just ahead of the start of parliamentary debates on
October 13. (TY Rich Privo)
Bookmark | Read




Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
