GS Quinn - Russell 2k Futures Buying The Rate Driven Reversal 1
Oct 2026
Robert Quinn  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
1 Oct 2026
Russell 2k Futures: Buying The Rate Driven Reversal? Throughout September, rate market dynamics led
to relative underperformance for Russell 2k. Howev
Russell 2k Futures: Buying The Rate Driven Reversal?
Throughout September, rate market dynamics led to relative underperformance for Russell 2k. However
funding spreads generally richened. This, combined with Commitment of Traders data covering part of the
period, illustrated contrarian flows from professional investors. Perhaps the starting point for positioning
was simply too low. Alternatively, incremental support will now wane with credit deteriorating.
• Throughout September, rate market dynamics led to relative underperformance for Russell 2k. An
incrementally hawkish Fed led to more hikes priced. Moreover, a jump in oil prices and general
competition for capital pushed real rates higher along the curve. As a result, Russell 2k fell -4.2% from
September 1st - 30th, significantly lagging Nasdaq (+4.6%) and to a lesser extent S&P (unchanged).
• However funding spreads generally richened. Russell 2k 3 month funding versus Fed Funds rose +9bps.
And Russell 2k's discount to S&P narrowed to the tightest level since early February before reverting
slightly.
• This, combined with Commitment of Traders data covering part of the period, illustrated contrarian flows
from professional investors. Over September 1st - 22nd, Non-Dealers purchased +$3bn of Russell 2k
futures. Categorically, Asset Manager dominated (+$2.2bn) with smaller participation from Hedge Fund
(+$200mm) and Non-Reportable (+$560mm).
• Perhaps the starting point for positioning was simply too low. Non-Dealer net positioning resided at a
multiyear min on September 1st.
• Alternatively, incremental support will now wane with credit deteriorating. On the September 30th close,
CDX High Yield reached an approximate 5 month max. Historically, weekly changes in Asset Manager
shorts and CDX High Yield were positively correlated.
Indexed Price Performance
Source: GS GBM as of September 30th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Russell 2k 3 Month Funding vs Fed Funds
Source: GS GBM as of September 30th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Russell 2k vs S&P Funding

Source: GS GBM as of September 30th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Russell 2k Non-Dealer Futures Net Positioning vs Price
Source: GS GBM as of September 22nd. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Russell 2k Asset Manager Net Positioning vs Price
Source: GS GBM as of September 22nd. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Bookmark | Read




Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
