[Page 1]
 
If We're In A Tech Bubble, It's More Measured Than 
The Dotcom Bust (For Now) 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 03, 2026 - 01:45 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Tech earnings are starting to rise sharply, but the market has been unwilling to pay up as much 
for them. That’s unlike the Dotcom bubble, where the market was happy to pay high multiples 
for earnings that had not yet arrived. 
Stock prices are made up of the tangible and the intangible. Tech earnings expectations jumped 
higher earlier this year as huge demand for compute plus supply constraints gave many firms 
unprecedented pricing power. 
We can disaggregate stock total returns into revenues, margins, P/E multiples and dividends. 
Returns this year have been driven by rising revenues and margins. 
 
But there has been a reluctance to pay up as much for these earnings. As earnings rose, the 
forward P/E of the S&P tech sector fell from around 38x late last year to 26x now. The drop in 
the forward P/E has been a significant negative for stock returns in the last few months. 


[Page 2]
 
Earnings are observable.They are based on cash flow and accounting, and are auditable. 
But what multiple investors will pay for those earnings is based on largely unobservable 
assumptions, such as the business model, industry, growth and demand projections, 
interest-rate expectations, etc. 
Investors are seemingly less certain on the durability of near-term earnings expectations, and 
have been less willing to project them as long into the future. 
This seems more prudent than in the late 1990s. Back then, earnings from the tech revolution 
had yet to arrive in size, but that did not stop investors making hugely optimistic assumptions on 
the future of the web. 
Multiples were far and away the main driver of stock returns in the late 1990s as the market rose 
to what would turn out be an unsustainable level that precipitated a protracted bear market. 
Margins and revenues only minimally contributed to returns. 
 
The market cratered as the multiple paid for earnings slumped, even as revenues and margins 
rose.  
The unwind of unauditable expectations was enough to overwhelm improving auditable inputs. 
That doesn’t leave today’s market immune to a decline if near-term earnings expectations come 
to be seen as too optimistic, or margins take a hit, but it does make a much deeper bust look 
less likely for now. 
 
 
 
