[Page 1]
 
4 September 2026
ZS reported a strong end to FY26 with outperformance across key metrics including 
the largest ARR beat ($27m headline) of the year as organic NNARR accelerated 
against a tougher compare. New business outperformance was primarily driven by 
broad-based demand across the core platform and newer products with healthy 
mix between cross-sell (resulting in NRR remaining consistent at 115% through the 
year) and new logos. Red Canary likewise surpassed expectations, though only 
contributed ~$4m to the total beat and implies a healthy organic beat likely a touch 
ahead of investor expectations. Z-Flex continues to show impressive traction 
(>40% of bookings in F4Q) and is driving larger and longer commitments with the 
company's most significant customers (i.e., nearly 30% average ARR uplift for Z-
Flex customers in FY26) and underlies notable traction with emerging products. All 
this goodness provided mgmt. with the confidence to raise the respective FY27 
ARR and Revenue growth outlooks to 17% y/y, the top of the initial outlook provided 
at F3Q EPS and implying ~50bps faster NNARR growth than prior expectations (4% 
vs ~3.5% prior).
The main topic of debate coming away from the print is likely to center on FY27 
organic NNARR growth after accounting for expected upside through the year 
where bears may point to implied deceleration and a more seasonal F2H vs Street 
(though in line with FY26 organic NNARR seasonality) while bulls may anchor on 
prudence in the guide which currently accounts for ramping new sales leaders and 
minimal contribution from newer products. The FCF margin guide that implies 
lower FCF dollars vs Street due to higher capex expectations as mgmt. grapples 
with elevated component costs may also be viewed as disappointing. Nonetheless, 
following a number of encouraging disclosed data points, including double-digit 
sales productivity growth in F4Q, early traction with Security for AI (50%+ 
sequential bookings growth), and evidence of broader cross-platform synergies 
(i.e., ~70% of Security for AI wins also purchased Data Security), we choose to 
remain optimistic on the path for ZS to sustain high-teens organic growth for the 
foreseeable future.
Ultimately, the company undoubtedly needs to continue delivering platform 
breadth while maintaining its leadership in core SSE and today's results bolster our 
confidence in its ability to do so. With the stock trading at a similar valuation (~29x 
EV/uFCF (CY27)) to Okta and notably cheaper that PANW, CRWD, and FTNT, we 
think risk/reward is favorable here and we therefore reiterate our Buy rating and 
update our DCF-derived TP to $215.
Brad Zelnick
Research Analyst
+1-212-250-8563
Nasr Islam
Research Associate
+1-212-250-6174
Key changes
TP
175.00 to 
215.00 ↑
22.9%
EPS (USD)
-0.33 to 0.14 ↑
–
Revenue (USDm)
3,895.4 to 
3,923.1 ↑
0.7%
Source: Deutsche Bank
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. Deutsche Bank does 
and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be aware that the firm may 
have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single 
factor in making their investment decision.  
Deutsche Bank
Research
 Rating  
 Buy  
 
 North America  
 United States  
 
 TMT  
 Software  
 
 Company  
 Zscaler  
 Date  
 
 
Forecast Change
 
F4Q - Finishing With a Flourish
Price at 3 Sep 2026 (USD)
177.80
Price target
215.00
52-week range
336.27 - 
118.05
 Valuation & Risks 
Reuters
Bloomberg
Exchange
Ticker
ZS.OQ
ZS US
NSM
ZS


[Page 2]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Page 2
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Estimate Changes & Valuation
Incorporating F4Q results, updated guidance and our latest thoughts on the 
business, we adjust our FY27/FY28 revenue to $3,923m/$4,535m from $3,895m/
$4,491m and FCF to $912m/$1,075m from $897m/$1,242m. We maintain our Buy 
rating and adjust our DCF-derived target price to $215. Our DCF assumes a WACC 
of 10.2%, terminal risk-free rate of 4%, equity risk premium of 5.75% and terminal 
growth rate of 3.5%, in line with GDP growth. Downside risks include (1) SASE 
uptake outside of early adopters is slower than expected; (2) increased competitive 
intensity from PANW and NTSK, and (3) inability to effectively cross-sell emergent 
product categories such as ZT Branch and SecOps.


[Page 3]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Page 3
Appendix 1
Important Disclosures
*Other information available upon request
Disclosure checklist
Company
Ticker
Recent price*
Disclosure
Zscaler
ZS.OQ
177.8 (USD) 03 Sep 2026
1, 2, 7, 8, 15, 24, 26
*Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other 
information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other sources. For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary 
subject of this research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/
EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. Investors 
are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing. 
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.See 
Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
1.
Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public offering for this 
company, for which it received fees.
2.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may act as a market maker or liquidity provider in the financial instruments issued 
by this company.
7.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment 
banking or financial advisory services within the past year.
8.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking 
services from this company in the next three months.
15.
This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year during which time it received 
investment banking services.
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators
Disclosures marked with an asterisk may also be required by at least one jurisdiction in addition to the United States.See 
Important Disclosures Required by Non-US Regulators and Explanatory Notes.
1.
Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public offering for this 
company, for which it received fees.
2.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may act as a market maker or liquidity provider in the financial instruments issued 
by this company.
24.
Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) is or has been over the previous 12 months party to an agreement with the 
company relating to the provision of services set out in Sections A and B of Annex I of Directive 2014/65/EU, or has 
over the previous 12 months been obliged or entitled (as applicable) to pay or receive compensation relating to the 
provision of services set out in Sections A and B of Annex I of Directive 2014/65/EU.
26.
Within the preceding 12 months, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation for the provision of 
investment banking services or is currently providing or has provided investment banking services to this company.
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website 
at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, important risk 
and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.
Analyst Certification
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s) about the subject 
issuer and the securities of the issuer. In addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any 
compensation for providing a specific recommendation or view in this report. Brad Zelnick.


[Page 4]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Page 4
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Historical recommendations and target price: Zscaler  (ZS.OQ) 
(as of 09/03/2026)
Current Recommendations
Buy
Hold
Sell
Not Rated
Suspended Rating
** Analyst is no longer at
Deutsche Bank
Date
Security price
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Jan '24
Jul '24
Jan '25
Jul '25
Jan '26
Jul '26
0.00
100.00
200.00
300.00
400.00
1.
11/28/2023
Buy, Target Price Change USD 200.00, Current Price
USD 193.85 Brad Zelnick
7.
05/30/2025
Buy, Target Price Change USD 300.00, Current Price
USD 275.70 Brad Zelnick
2.
01/18/2024
Buy, Target Price Change USD 270.00, Current Price
USD 227.91 Brad Zelnick
8.
06/06/2025
Buy, Target Price Change USD 350.00, Current Price
USD 303.03 Brad Zelnick
3.
05/31/2024
Buy, Target Price Change USD 240.00, Current Price
USD 169.96 Brad Zelnick
9.
09/03/2025
Buy, Target Price Change USD 355.00, Current Price
USD 270.58 Brad Zelnick
4.
09/04/2024
Buy, Target Price Change USD 200.00, Current Price
USD 157.13 Brad Zelnick
10. 01/06/2026
Buy, Target Price Change USD 270.00, Current Price
USD 222.03 Brad Zelnick
5.
12/03/2024
Buy, Target Price Change USD 225.00, Current Price
USD 198.64 Brad Zelnick
11. 02/27/2026
Buy, Target Price Change USD 185.00, Current Price
USD 146.99 Brad Zelnick
6.
03/06/2025
Buy, Target Price Change USD 230.00, Current Price
USD 202.16 Brad Zelnick
12. 05/27/2026
Buy, Target Price Change USD 175.00, Current Price
USD 126.41 Brad Zelnick
 


[Page 5]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Page 5
Equity rating dispersion and banking relationships
 
 
Equity Rating and Dispersion Key
 The Equity Rating Dispersion Chart depicts the following:
 
 The proportion of recommendations that are rated "buy", "sell" and "hold" over the previous 12 months. This is shown for 
securities issued in the stated region e.g. "Europe Universe". See rating definitions below. This is represented by the 
"Companies Covered" bars in the chart. The percentage value displayed above the bar is the proportion as a percentage. 
E.g. 50% above the “buy” / “Companies Covered” bar means that 50% of DB’s equity research covered companies over 
the past 12 months  have a “buy” rating.
 
 Next to each of the three respective bars showing the proportion of "buy", "sell" and "hold" recommendations we provide 
two additional bars to show:
 
 - The proportion of "buy", "sell" or "hold recommendations where Deutsche Bank and or/Affiliates provided MIFID 
Investment or Ancillary Services in the past 12 months. This is represented in the "MIFID Investment and Ancillary 
Services" bar. The percentage value displayed above the bar shows the proportion of Companies Covered with the given 
rating where DB has also provided MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services in the past 12 months. E.g. 50% above the 
“Cos. w/ MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services” bar means 50% of the Companies Covered with the rating stated have 
also received MIFID Investment and Ancillary Services from DB.
 
 - The proportion of "buy" (or "sell" or "hold) recommendations where Deutsche Bank and or/Affiliates has provided 
Investment Banking services in the past 12 months for which it has received compensation. The percentage value 
displayed above the bar shows the proportion of Companies Covered with the stated rating where DB has also provided 
Investment Banking services in the past 12 months. E.g. 50% above the “Cos. w/ Investment Banking relationship” bar 
means 50% of the Companies Covered with the rating stated also have an Investment Banking Relationship with DB.
 
 
 Buy: Based on a current 12- month view of TSR, we recommend that investors buy the stock.
 
 Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors sell the stock.
 
 Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and, based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a 
Buy or Sell. 
 
 TSR = Total Shareholder Return. Percentage change in share price from current price to projected target price plus 
projected dividend yield
 
 Newly issued research recommendations and target prices supersede previously published research. 
 


[Page 6]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Page 6
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Additional Information 
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 'Deutsche 
Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources believed to be 
reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to third-party websites in this 
report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the content nor is responsible for the 
accuracy or security controls of those websites.
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this report, or 
is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst,  Deutsche Bank may act as 
principal for its own account or as agent for another person. 
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal.  It may also engage in transactions, for its own account 
or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report.  Others within Deutsche Bank, 
including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those taken in this research 
report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, equity-linked analysis, 
quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of communication may differ from 
recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, methodologies, perspectives or 
otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts 
are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading 
and principal trading revenues. 
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They do not 
necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank provides liquidity 
for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research analysts sometimes have 
shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-term ratings. Some trade ideas for 
equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website (https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the 
general coverage list and also on the covered company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst 
that a stock will outperform or underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks 
and no more than three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with 
Deutsche Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally 
counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. Deutsche Bank has 
no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an opinion, forecast or estimate 
changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market conditions and in both general and 
company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at defined intervals.  Updates are at the sole 
discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department Management, and the majority of reports are published at 
irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational purposes only and does not take into account the particular 
investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or 
sell any financial instruments or to participate in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a 
product of the analyst's judgment.  The financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and 
investors must make their own informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to 
change without notice, and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors.  If a 
financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment.  Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations exclude 
transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of the previous 
trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors.  Data is also sourced from 
Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in the preparation of this 
material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, content drafting and editorial 
corrections pertaining to research material.
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding our 
organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with respect to our 
research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer. 
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that promise to pay 
fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these cash flows), increases 
in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus cause a loss. The longer the 
maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher will be the loss. Upside surprises in 
inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most common adverse macroeconomic shocks to 
receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets 
holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency 
conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are 
also important risk factors. The sensitivity of fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by 
indexing the contracted cash flows to inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in 
emerging markets.  The index fixings may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables 
they are intended to track. The choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating 
coupon rates (i.e., coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. 
Funding in a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements. 


[Page 7]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Page 7
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk.  The appropriateness 
of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their tax position, their 
regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should take expert legal and 
financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this publication. The risk of loss 
in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the high degree of leverage obtainable 
in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the amount of funds initially deposited - up to 
theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an 
option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-
information/documents-and-archives/options-disclosure-document. If you are unable to access the website, please contact 
your Deutsche Bank representative for a copy of this important document.
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) exchange 
rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by numerous market 
factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and debt markets and changes 
in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed exchange controls, which could 
affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of an 
underlying security, effectively assume currency risk. 
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at https://
research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the ‘Disclosures' tab. Investors are strongly 
encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial adviser, 
consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any information provided in 
this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, Deutsche Bank is not acting as your 
impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other 
information presented in the materials.  Information contained herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient 
will make an independent assessment of the merits of any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation 
of, or express an opinion on, any product or service or any trading strategy.
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or account type, 
and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it in making Your decision. 
The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially sophisticated, who are capable of 
evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to particular transactions and investment 
strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in the offering of its products and services. If this 
is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to Catalyst 
Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have been made 
consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been reduced from a 
maximum of 180 days to 90 days.
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC.  Analysts 
located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as research analysts 
with FINRA. 
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt am Main. 
Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European Central Bank and 
by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority. 
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 Moorfields, 
London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is 
subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. Details about the extent 
of our authorisation and regulation are available on request. 
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch except for any research content relating to futures 
contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports on such futures 
contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or resident in Hong Kong. The 
author(s) of a research report , and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, may not be licensed to carry on 
regulated activities in Hong Kong and, if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as being able to do so. The provisions set 
out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent permissible by local laws and regulations, 
including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures 
Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. 
This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this document relates is only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional 
investors.


[Page 8]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Page 8
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and registered 
office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 7180 4444. It is 
registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration no.: INZ000252437; 
Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: 
INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: 
complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of 
DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject  to market risks.  Read all 
the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for 
breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject 
company.  With regard to information on associates, please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://
www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-
equities-india/index?language_id=1.
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, Type II 
Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks involved in 
stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by multiplying the transaction 
amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to losses as a result of share price 
fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional losses stemming from foreign exchange 
fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories of investment advice, products and services. 
Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result 
of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial 
products and/or services, customers should carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 
'Moody's', 'Standard  Poor's', and 'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless 
Japan or 'Nippon' is specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by 
analysts of DSI are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the 
foreign securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period. 
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co. 
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register Number 
in South Africa: 1998/003298/10). 
Singapore:  This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower Singapore 
048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, this report. 
Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an accredited investor, expert 
investor or institutional investor  (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and regulations), they accept legal responsibility 
to such person for its contents. 
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should independently 
evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank research may not be 
distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without written consent. Information on 
securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments. 
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities that fall within the 
scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 
5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or 
services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority. 
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, any 
appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the Capital 
Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the following business 
activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities.  DSSA registered office is Faisaliah Tower, 17th Floor, King 
Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is regulated by 
the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the DIFC: Dubai International Financial 
Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank 
AG. Related financial products or services are available only to Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority. 
Australia and New Zealand:  This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research disclosures 


[Page 9]
4 September 2026
Software
Zscaler
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
Page 9
and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where 
research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the research should consider any product disclosure statement, 
prospectus or other applicable disclosure document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In 
preparing this report, the primary analyst or an individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact 
with the company that is the subject of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use 
company-sourced material in the report, and/or site-visit attendance.  Without prior approval from Research Management, 
analysts may not accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses 
incurred by analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from 
Research Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value 
for their personal use from issuers they cover.
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available upon 
request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written consent.  
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance record 
based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application of a backtested 
model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the backtesting of performance also 
differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may be adjusted any time, for any reason, 
including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested performance includes hypothetical results that 
do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other 
commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading 
strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or 
assumptions might produce significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results 
are neither an indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed by the 
Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human intervention. 
Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of 
ways.  As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other ESG 
data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed and implemented by other divisions within 
the Deutsche Bank Group.  Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings and rankings that have historically been applied in 
research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG.  Further, such ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of 
Deutsche Bank AG. It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit 
the ability to participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective 
and other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may be 
lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and the 
investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high performance 
standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any company will meet 
expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact performance.
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG


[Page 10]
David Folkerts-Landau
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research
Pam Finelli
COO and Head of Fixed
Income Research
Steve Pollard
Global Head of Company
Research and Sales
Jim Reid
Global Head of Macro and
Thematic Research
Tim Rokossa
Head of European
Company Research
Matthew Barnard
Head of Americas
Company Research
Debbie Jones
Global Head of
Sustainability and Data
Innovation, Research
Robin Winkler
Head of German Macro
Research
Sameer Goel
Global Head of EM &
APAC Research
Francis Yared
Global Head of Rates
Research
George Saravelos
Global Head of FX
Research
Peter Hooper
Vice-Chair of Research
Nilendra de-Mel
Head of APAC & Middle
East Product
Development
International Production Locations
Deutsche Bank AG
Deutsche Bank Place
Level 16
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets
Sydney, NSW 2000
Australia
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234
Deutsche Bank AG
Equity Research
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17
60329 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
Tel: (49) 69 910 00
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Hongkong
International Commerce 
Centre,
1 Austin Road West,Kowloon,
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2203 8888
Deutsche Securities Inc.
1-3-1 Azabudai
Azabudai Hills Mori JP Tower
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-0041
Japan
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000
Deutsche Bank AG
21 Moorfields
London EC2Y 9DB
United Kingdom
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.
The Deutsche Bank Center
1 Columbus Circle
New York, NY 10019
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500
Deutsche Bank AG
Filiale Singapur
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower,
Singapore 048583
TeL: +65 6423 8001
