[Page 1]
GS Crook - GS MORNING 1) JPY Update, 2) Payrolls Preview, 3)
HUF Update, 4) EM Strategy Latest and 5) Digital Assets
Conference 4 Sep 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Macro Sales
Fri 4 Sep 2026, 4:24am ET
Highlights from GS Research, Sales and Trading: 1) JPY Update, 2) Payrolls Preview, 3) HUF Update, 4)
EM Strategy Latest and 5) Digital Assets Conference
1) JPY Update
G10 SPOT TRADING (MOLYNEUX): There were a number of factors leading to that move, and it was a
steady, incremental buildup. Hawkish BOJ comments about back-to-back hikes or potentially increasing
the size of the increment in which they can hike, strange comments from Bessent over the course of the
past week, and a lot of rumours of GPIF shifting or at least using the tolerance bands to increase JGBs
there. On top of that, the market saw the normal month-beginning inflows from accounts, potentially even
from GPIF. All that really points in one direction – a market that did have pretty deeply entrenched
positioning, particularly from carry trades. The flow and CTA stop-outs that we began to see yesterday can
easily see us lower, and we did actually see a decent amount of LHS flow coming through in the past 24
hours, particularly on the algo side of the business. If US data comes in softer, or the Fed isn't able to hike,
and in combination with that, the BOJ come across more hawkish, I think you can see USDJPY continue
to grind lower. But it really is all about this shift from the GPIF which really gets us lower into the 140-
145 range over the next 6-12 months. Provided we stay sub-157 in the coming session, people will have
the opportunity to resell, and I think we can continue this downward trajectory, but watch out for a spike
back above that 157.10-157.25 area.
FX STRATEGY (FISHMAN): Since the July-August intervention, we’ve been flagging the scope for the
Yen to trade at stronger levels for longer if 1/ the BoJ speeds up the pace of hikes and 2/ if there are any
signs of reallocation among Japanese investors back towards domestic assets (assuming no deterioration in
the global growth outlook). Reports over recent days have further raised the odds of both, likely
contributing to this move. On the potential shift in flows, there’s no evidence in the official data yet of
rotation among typically unhedged investors—e.g., pension funds, retail investors—which matters most
for the currency. August data will be released on September 7 (at 7:50pm NY), but it may still be too soon
to expect much shift, even if it were to come. So the incoming data will be key to watch over the next few
months (we have detailed primers on how best to track them), and any confirmation of the reports over
recent months that a shift in flows may come would be a meaningful tailwind for the Yen.


[Page 2]
2) US ECONOMICS (WALKER) – August Payrolls Preview
BOTTOM LINE: We estimate nonfarm payrolls rose by 40k in August, somewhat below consensus of
+55k. On the negative side, big data indicators of job growth slowed sequentially. Additionally, August
payrolls have exhibited a consistent negative bias in initial prints over the last decade. On the positive side,
layoffs remain low and there is potential scope for rebounds in employment in leisure and hospitality and
local educational payrolls after large declines over the past couple of months. We estimate that the
unemployment rate was unchanged on a rounded basis at 4.1% (in line with consensus), reflecting the
stabilization in continuing claims. We forecast a 0.4% month-over-month increase in average hourly
earnings, above consensus, reflecting positive calendar effects.
CHART 1: First-Print Payroll Growth Has Underperformed the Recent Trend Every August Since 2010


[Page 3]
3) HUF Update
Important headlines out of Hungary yesterday: Hungary Poised to Pause Rate Cuts and Lower Inflation
Goal. The National Bank of Hungary will likely keep their benchmark interest rate at 5.5% at its next
policy meeting on September 22nd, following three monthly quarter-point cuts. The decision to pause
monetary easing would coincide with the scheduled publication of new inflation forecasts. The new price-
growth target would be 2.5%, instead of the current 3%.
EM FX VOL TRADING (OZER): The inflation target adjustment was expected, but the pausing of rate
cuts I think took the market by surprise quite a bit, in the context that we had the rate decision just over a
week ago, and at the time, they were talking about how inflation developments were below their baseline
scenarios. From an untrained eye on the Hungary central bank, it seemed quite a panicky headline from
my perspective.
We haven't really seen that much directional interest yet. I do want to flag that we really haven't seen
anyone try to chase the move lower yet.


[Page 4]
From a vol perspective, I suspect what this does is, especially how vols have repriced higher, we're going
to see vol selling implementations that sell the 25 delta topside region, and buy the 10 delta tails, because
it really sort of raises the question of if spot's back up at 370, have they used up this policy lever, and what
is the next thing they have at their disposal to keep FX stable. I wouldn't be surprised if you started seeing
new digital supply or topside one-touch-type supply again, this time probably around the 370 region, 375
region, and then play for downside via digital puts, sort of vol-neutral, high delta strike selling and low
delta strike buying implementations.
CHART 1: 3m EURHUF Vol
4) EM FX Strategy (TRIVEDI) – EM Trader -
Kamakshya Trivedi (Chief FX and EM Strategist) and team, out with their latest EM Trader. Full piece
here. Key points on EMFX Below.
BOTTOM LINE: Broad Dollar weakness has supported EM FX resilience over the summer even as oil
prices and US 10-year yields moved to multi-decade highs. Looking forward into the rest of the year, a
macro backdrop of sturdy growth, supportive risk sentiment and contained risks from energy and rates
should continue to support carry earning strategies in EM currencies. But we continue to favour relative
value carry, carefully selecting funders to build resilience to rate, energy and equity risks.
Two EM FX Themes for the Home Stretch
1/ Relative Value EM FX Carry: On the long side, BRL and COP offer the highest carry and benefit from
higher energy prices, but are vulnerable to higher long-end US yields, local elections and fiscal risks.


[Page 5]
Within the next set (INR, IDR, MXN, ZAR), we prefer MXN (rising carry-to-vol, especially versus Euro,
greater exposure to US growth and resilience to oil prices), followed by INR (high carry-to-vol and policy
support, but limited scope for appreciation) and ZAR (much lower carry-to-vol, but greater scope for spot
appreciation on any conflict resolution and continued positive local developments), but are more cautious
on IDR. Local catalysts should start to support HUF again in Q4 from current levels, although given
energy (and especially gas) price risks, we think pairing HUF longs with PLN shorts continues to make
sense. On the funding side, apart from G10 currencies such as CHF, EUR and CAD, in EM we think THB
(sensitivity to US rate shocks), ILS (sensitivity to US and tech stocks) and PLN (sensitivity to energy
prices) screen as attractive funders. We also maintain exposure to select high-carry Frontier currencies,
featuring a mix of energy importers and exporters, including EGP TRY, NGN and KZT.
2/ Sustained CNY Strengthening Should Extend: Apart from carry, the other theme that we have continued
to emphasize over the year is our expectation of a gradual move stronger in the CNY. We think the case for
a gradual but sustained strengthening in the Chinese currency remains in place – the currency is deeply
undervalued, broad-based export strength is likely to persist, with the trade surplus continuing to grow ex
gold imports, and a combination of currency strength and support for domestic demand is required to
move China closer to internal and external balance – and our 12m forecast of 6.40 remains stronger than
consensus and forward markets.
CHART 1: We expect China CA surplus as a share of world GDP to rise to unprecedented levels over the
next few years
5) GS Digital Assets Webinar
September Reset: Macro, Market Structure and Regs... What Lies Ahead?
Tuesday 8th September @ 09:00 BST
Speakers:
Ayden Li, Crypto Trading
Divyam Harlalka, GIR


[Page 6]
Host:
James Cumins, Digital Assets
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 4 September 2026.
