[Page 1]
We expect the Governing Council to hike the policy rate by 25bp next week, as 
n
widely expected and fully priced. Investor focus will be on the updated staff 
projections and President Lagarde’s commentary on the policy outlook during 
the press conference. 
We look for a small upgrade to the growth projections of 0.1pp in each of 2026 
n
and 2027, motivated by the economy’s recent resilience. The inflation 
projections will likely be revised down by 0.1pp in 2026, for both headline and 
core, on account of weaker data than the staff had been anticipating. But we 
expect the 2027 projections to rise by 0.4pp to 2.7% for headline and by 0.1pp 
to 2.6% for core, given the increase in spot and forward energy prices. We look 
for no changes in 2028, although the bar for core to be revised down 0.1pp to 
2.1% is probably quite low. 
The Council’s description of the economy, the risk assessment (with downside 
n
risks to growth and upside risks to inflation), and the formal policy language are 
likely to remain broadly the same. We expect President Lagarde to leave options 
open during the press conference by stressing the Council’s data-dependence. 
The dovish risks are that she highlights the weaker inflation data or signals a 
growing hurdle to hike further. The hawkish risks are that she conveys greater 
concern around the increase in energy prices and the length of the projected 
inflation overshoot, or implicitly endorses market pricing of almost four hikes. 
We maintain our view that September is more likely than not the last hike of this 
n
tightening cycle given our forecast for below-trend H2 growth, modest further 
core pressures, our forecast for lower energy prices than currently implied by 
forwards, and no Fed hikes. That said, we now see a low hurdle for a third hike in 
December if energy prices do not fall from here or inflation firms more notably, 
especially if the Fed hikes in coming months. We update our policy scenarios with 
a greater skew towards further hikes but our probability-weighted forecast 
remains below market pricing. 
Sven Jari Stehn 
+44(20)7774-8061 | jari.stehn@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Alexandre Stott 
+33(1)4212-1108 | 
alexandre.stott@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris 
Branch
4 September 2026 | 10:58AM BST
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
EUROPEAN ECONOMICS ANALYST 
ECB Preview—Another Hike Without Guidance
 
 


[Page 2]
ECB Preview—Another Hike Without Guidance  
 
 
The incoming data in recent months have been broadly in line with the ECB staff’s June 
projections. 
Growth has again been firmer than expected. GDP surprised to the upside in Q2, 
printing at around 0.30%qoq (non-annualised) excluding Ireland (Exhibit 1, left). The 
activity data for Q3 has so far been more mixed as soft data continued to recover from 
Q2 lows, but hard data showed some sign of softening in July, most notably in Germany 
(Exhibit 1, right). Our nowcast model currently points to ex-Ireland growth of 0.19% for 
Q3. 
 
Several ECB officials acknowledged the economy’s recent resilience, and both Executive 
Board member Schnabel and Bank of Ireland Governor Makhlouf hinted at a small 
upgrade in the projections for growth. We therefore look for the staff to lift Q3 by 0.1pp 
to 0.3%, which will likely raise the annual averages by 0.1pp each to 0.9% in 2026 and 
1.3% in 2027 (Exhibit 2). We look for the 2028 figure to remain unchanged at 1.5%, 
although we see a low bar for it to fall back to 1.4%. 
 
Exhibit 1: Growth Has Been Somewhat Firmer than Expected 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics, Markit
4 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 3]
 
At the same time, inflation has again been a bit lower than projected. Core inflation 
surprised to the downside in August and is now likely running close to 0.1pp below the 
staff projections (Exhibit 3, left). We expect headline inflation to average 3.2% in Q3, 
around 0.2pp below the staff projections.  
Other price indicators have also looked more benign: the PMIs and European 
Commission survey moderated further; the ECB’s different wage surveys continue to 
point to a slowdown; and measures of inflation expectations (across consumers, firms 
and forecasters) were either unchanged or lower (Exhibit 3, right). 
 
But the renewed rise in energy prices—especially gas—points to firmer headline 
inflation ahead (Exhibit 4, left). We estimate that the change in technical assumptions 
between the June and September cut-off dates (which was likely on August 19) will 
boost inflation next year by 0.4pp for headline and 0.1pp for core (Exhibit 4, right).  
Taken together, we look for the headline projections to decrease by 0.1pp to 2.9% in 
2026, increase by 0.4pp to 2.7% in 2027, and stay unchanged at 2.0% in 2028. We 
 
Exhibit 2: We Expect Limited Changes to the Staff 
Projections 
2026
2027
2028
GDP growth
September Baseline (GSe)
0.9
1.3
1.5
June Baseline
0.8
1.2
1.5
GS
0.8
1.2
1.3
HICP inflation
September Baseline (GSe)
2.9
2.7
2.0
June Baseline
3.0
2.3
2.0
GS
2.9
2.5
2.0
Core inflation*
September Baseline (GSe)
2.4
2.6
2.2
June Baseline
2.5
2.5
2.2
GS
2.4
2.5
2.1
* HICP excluding energy and food.
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, ECB
 
Exhibit 3: Spot Inflation Has Been Lower than Projected 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics, ECB, Markit
4 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 4]
expect the core projections to decrease by 0.1pp to 2.4% in 2026, increase by 0.1pp to 
2.6% in 2027, and stay unchanged at 2.2% in 2028. The risks are that the headline 
projections fall below 2.0% in 2028 (given negative base effects) and that the core 
projections either remain unchanged at 2.5% in 2027 or decrease by 0.1pp to 2.1% in 
2028.  
 
We again expect the ECB staff to show scenarios. The staff is likely to retain a milder 
scenario, in which energy prices normalise more quickly than implied by the forwards, 
for instance by again using the 25th percentile of the option-implied distribution. We 
think the staff will continue to show two upside scenarios—as it did in March and June—
although it could also move towards only showing one, for the sake of simplicity. 
Members of the Governing Council have voiced renewed unease with the inflation 
outlook, with Bundesbank President Nagel stressing that inflation was “too high” and 
Bank of Finland Governor Rehn stating that policymakers should show “no complacency” 
in the face of these price pressures. And while policymakers largely confirmed their 
intention to hike rates at the upcoming meeting, a few officials—such as Executive Board 
member Schnabel, Bank of Ireland Governor Makhlouf, and National Bank of Slovakia 
Governor Kazimir—also suggested that further tightening might be necessary if inflation 
“moves in the wrong direction” or proves “more persistent” (Exhibit 5). 
 
Exhibit 4: But the Renewed Spike in Gas Prices Poses Headline Risks 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities
4 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 5]
 
Another Hike, But Limited Guidance  
We therefore look for another 25bp hike—as widely expected and fully priced—but very 
little guidance on the policy outlook (Exhibit 6). 
 
Exhibit 5: ECB Commentary Has Continued to Emphasise Data Dependence 
Speaker
Date
Comment
Makhlouf
02/09/2026
"The decision we’re going to make next week will not be a surprise to 
anybody, […] restrictive territory would start, roughly speaking, once we get 
above 2.75%, [...] If inflation starts moving in the wrong direction, then we’re 
going to have to move in that direction"
Nagel
02/09/2026
"Markets expect the September rate hike with a probability of more than 
95%, which implies that markets understand our reaction function rather 
well"
Kocher
01/09/2026
"If this picture is confirmed in the ECB's next forecast, I believe another 
interest rate increase will be necessary soon,"
Rehn
01/09/2026
"We must show no complacency in the face of these inflationary pressures,"
Dolenc
28/08/2026
"The arguments are there for a September rate hike"
Schnabel
26/08/2026
"At the current policy rate, inflation is unlikely to return to target over the 
medium term, and therefore further tightening will be necessary"
Kazaks
21/08/2026
"There are pros and cons to hiking further"
Kazimir
27/07/2026
"I remain of the view that at least one more hike will be needed as part of our 
measured adjustment to inflation risks,  […] Should the situation escalate, 
with the price pressures becoming stronger and more persistent, we will 
need to tighten more over the next quarters than is currently expected,"
 
 
Source: Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Reuters, Bloomberg, ECB
4 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 6]
 
First, we expect the decision (published at 13:15 London time) to note that the economy 
has remained resilient, motivating the upgrade to the growth projections, and that the 
increase in energy prices led the staff to revise up their inflation projections. 
Second, we look for an unchanged risk assessment with downside risks to growth and 
upside risks to inflation, likely read out by President Lagarde as part of her introductory 
statement (shortly after 13:45 London time).  
Third, we expect no change to the formal policy language. The Governing Council is very 
likely to reiterate that its decision leaves it “well positioned to navigate the uncertainty 
caused by the conflict” and that it will continue to follow a “data-dependent and 
meeting-by-meeting” approach going forward. 
Fourth, Lagarde is likely to note that the decision to hike was unanimous and robust 
across a range of scenarios, given the updated staff projections for more persistent 
inflation pressures. We look for her to acknowledge the weaker run-rate of the inflation 
data, but to stress that the recent spike in gas prices poses important risks to the 
inflation outlook. We also expect her to keep her options open, by emphasizing 
data-dependence. Back at the June meeting, for instance, she said that the rate path 
“will be what it will be.” 
We see two-sided risks around this. On the dovish side, Lagarde could put greater 
 
Exhibit 6: The Focus on Data Dependence is Likely to Remain 
Previous
September GS Expected
Hawkish Risk
Dovish Risk
Growth and Inflation
The outlook for energy prices, while 
highly volatile, currently stands 
close to the baseline of the June 
Eurosystem staff projections and 
well above the levels recorded prior 
to the conflict in the Middle East.
Compared with June, staff have 
revised up their baseline 
projection for inflation in 2027 
owing to a higher path for energy 
prices. The upward revision to 
growth for 2026 and 2027 
reflects the economy's greater 
resilience.
The resumption of military 
conflict in the Middle East 
poses the risk that inflation 
remains too high for too long.
The incoming information has 
been broadly consistent with 
the Council's previous 
assessment of the inflation 
outlook.
Risk Assessment
The risks to the growth outlook are 
to the downside. The risks to the 
inflation outlook are to the upside.
No change.
The upside risks to inflation 
have intensified.
/
Projections
For 2026/2027/2028:
- Growth: 0.8/1.2/1.5%
- Headline: 3.0/2.3/2.0%
- Core: 2.5/2.5/2.2%
For 2026/2027/2028:
- Growth: 0.9/1.3/1.5%
- Headline: 2.9/2.7/2.0%
- Core: 2.4/2.6/2.2%
Core at 2.5% in 2026.
Growth at 1.4% in 2028. 
Core at 2.5% in 2027 and 2.1% 
in 2028
Policy Language
With today’s decision, the 
Governing Council remains well 
positioned to navigate the 
uncertainty caused by the conflict. 
It will follow a data-dependent and 
meeting-by-meeting approach to 
determining the appropriate 
monetary policy stance.
No change.
/
/
Press Conference
We are back to the baseline we 
had in June, […] also in terms of 
the risk assessment. […] It was a 
unanimous decision to [hold rates, 
but] there were some governors 
who asked themselves whether we 
should not consider a hike.
Given the level of uncertainty 
that we are facing, we will decide 
on a meeting-by-meeting basis. 
We will be data-dependent. 
There will be no preset rate path: 
it will be what it will be.
The staff now project a longer 
overshoot of our target, which 
is cause for concern. Our 
reaction function is well 
understood by markets.
The recent inflation news has 
been encouraging, in particular 
for services inflation. We 
should carefully weigh any 
further tightening.
 
 
Source: Data compiled by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, ECB
4 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 7]
weight on the benign inflation data (in particular for services) than the deteriorating 
energy price outlook. She could suggest that, with policy now at the upper end of the 
staff’s estimate of the neutral rate, the Council would carefully weigh any further 
tightening. 
On the hawkish side, the Council could state that the upside risks to inflation have 
intensified. Lagarde could signal greater concern around the increase in energy prices 
and the length of the projected inflation overshoot. She could also highlight that the new 
staff projections were conditioned on almost four hikes, and stress that Council’s 
reaction function was well understood by markets. 
Looking Ahead 
We maintain our baseline that September will more likely than not be the last hike of this 
tightening cycle. First, we look for growth to slow in Q3 given some signs of weakening 
consumption, subdued private investment, and the negative effects from the summer 
heatwaves. Second, the recent inflation data point to limited pass-through effects from 
higher energy prices and we slightly shaved our peak core inflation forecast from 2.7% 
to 2.6% in Q1. Third, our commodities team looks for some relaxation of the recent 
energy price pressures in coming months as energy flows through the Strait of Hormuz 
gradually return. Fourth, we maintain our forecast of no Fed hikes as we look for 
progress with US core inflation in coming months. Consistent with this, our optimal 
policy simulations under our economic forecasts point to a peak deposit rate of around 
2.5% (Exhibit 7).  
 
That said, the growth resilience and renewed sharp rise in gas prices point to a rising 
likelihood of additional tightening. This can be seen in our policy simulations, which now 
point to a third hike under (our guess for) the September ECB staff projections, mainly 
reflecting higher inflation (as the energy forwards are notably above our commodity 
price forecasts). As a result, we now see a low hurdle for a third hike in December if 
energy prices do not fall from here or inflation rises more notably in coming months, 
especially if the Fed hikes.  
 
Exhibit 7: Our Policy Simulations Point to No More Hikes 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics
4 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 8]
 
We reflect these updated views in our scenario analysis (Exhibit 8). We still assign a 
subjective 45% to our two-hike baseline but now see a 40% chance of further hikes and 
15% odds of deeper cuts. But even with these adjustments our forecast remains notably 
below market pricing on a probability-weighted basis. 
Sven Jari Stehn 
Alexandre Stott 
 
Exhibit 8: Our Probability-Weighted Forecast Remains Below Market Pricing 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities
4 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 9]
The European Economics Team 
Sven Jari Stehn 
+44(20)7774-8061 
jari.stehn@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Filippo Taddei 
+44(20)7774-5458 
filippo.taddei@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Alexandre Stott 
+33(1)4212-1108 
alexandre.stott@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris 
Branch
James Moberly 
+44(20)7774-9444 
james.r.moberly@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Niklas Garnadt 
+49(69)7532-1537 
niklas.garnadt@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE
Katya Vashkinskaya 
+44(20)7774-4833 
katya.vashkinskaya@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
Giovanni Pierdomenico 
+44(20)7051-6807 
giovanni.pierdomenico@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International
4 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 10]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Sven Jari Stehn and Alexandre Stott, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views, which have 
not been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Sven Jari Stehn Goldman Sachs International, Alexandre Stott Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE - Paris Branch. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
4 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 11]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
4 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 


[Page 12]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
4 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
European Economics Analyst
 
 
