[Page 1]
Asad Haider, CFA 
+1(212)902-0691 | asad.haider@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Nick Jennings 
+1(415)249-7412 | 
nick.jennings@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Jeff Su 
+1(212)357-9930 | jeff.su@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
BioNTech (BNTX): Assessing Key Events Into Year-End — World Lung in 
Focus; mRNA Upside Optionality
4 September 2026 | 6:00AM EDT
We have been receiving increasing inbounds on BNTX, mostly focused around their 
mRNA platform, following MRK/Moderna’s recent mRNA cancer immunotherapy 
success in melanoma. BNTX notes they are generally encouraged by the 
MRK/Moderna readout as supportive of the strategy for treating cancer with mRNA 
based therapies, although they note some distinct differences in their platform 
(detailed within).  While BNTX shares saw a 22% rally on the back of the MRK/MRNA 
data (on 8/19), the stock subsequently sold off by 8% (on 8/28) on the 
announcement that the iNeST CRC program is being discontinued. Per BNTX 
management, this program had a high bar for success with limited readthrough to 
the broader mRNA programs on which the company remains cautiously optimistic, 
but acknowledges the need for additional data. Prior to the CRC discontinuation, 
illustratively flexing the two mRNA programs in our DCF model from 100% POS to 0% 
POS represented an ~8% difference in valuation, suggesting to us a substantial 
portion of embedded mRNA platform value has been removed by the subsqeuent 
pullback — although we recognize the stock remains ~11% above the last close 
before the MRK/Moderna data announcement. We update our model to remove the 
CRC program, leaving BNT113 in HPV16+ HNSCC (at 20% POS) as the only mRNA 
program reflected in our model, with the remainder of the mRNA programs and 
platform representing upside optionality. 
Stepping back, we note that 2026 has been a significant year for advancements in 
oncology, with notable progress around broad multi-tumor approaches where BNTX 
is positioned, including: 1) PD1/L1xVEGF bispecifics, 2) ADCs and now 3) 
mRNA-based therapies. For BNTX stock, while we see the mRNA programs as 
offering intriguing upside, we believe the key value drivers are the core IO (e.g. 
PDL1xVEGF, CTLA4) and targeted therapy (e.g. ADC) assets, which could come back 
into focus at the upcoming World Conference on Lung Cancer (WCLC, Sept 12-15) 
where the company is presenting some of the most advanced data in the industry for 
novel-novel combinations.  We believe the treatment paradigm for many advanced 
cancers will move towards this strategy, as discussed in our upgrade (see BNTX: 
Asymmetric Upside at the Nexus of the Novel-Novel Oncology Unlock).   
For the remainder of 2026, we see several events which could offer de-risking across 
BNTX’s pipeline.  For the mRNA cancer immunotherapy programs we look to: (i) 
preliminary Ph1 results evaluating its mRNA-based immunotherapy candidate 
BNT116 combined with a PD-1 in NSCLC, also expected at the WCLC conference, 
and (ii) Ph3 interim analysis for PFS for BNT113, the company’s off-the-shelf cancer 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
immunotherapy, in HPV16+ head & neck cancer expected this year. For the CTLA4 
program gotistobart, BNTX expects to conduct the first interim analysis from the pivotal 
stage of the Ph3 trial towards the end of 2026. And externally, we anticipate lateral 
readacross from SMMT/Akeso’s ivonescimab, where (i) positive HARMONi-2 (China-only, 
monotherapy) overall survival will be presented at WCLC and (ii) for the global Phase 3 
HARMONi-3 frontline NSCLC chemo-combination study, final PFS and interim OS data 
from the squamous cohort is expected in 2H. 
Details within. 
 
Assessing Upcoming Events for BNTX 
 
 
While we see the mRNA programs as offering intriguing upside, we believe the key value 
drivers are the core IO (e.g., PDL1xVEGF, CTLA4) and targeted therapy (e.g. ADC) assets, 
which could come back into view at the upcoming World Conference on Lung Cancer 
(Sept 12-15) where BNTX is presenting some of the most advanced data in the industry 
for novel-novel combinations. 
Novel-Novel Ph2 Data at World Lung (Sept 12-15) 
Background. As discussed in our upgrade note (BNTX: Asymmetric Upside at the Nexus 
n
of the Novel-Novel Oncology Unlock), we view BNTX as being at the center of 
significant developments occurring in the oncology field (next-gen 
immuno-oncology and ADCs), with a broad, strategic suite of programs targeting a 
potential ~$100bn+ TAM, which will start to see data unlocks that could position the 
company with a leading foothold in an emerging wave of new product cycles. 
Specifically, while the combination of PD-1 agents plus chemotherapy started 
 
Exhibit 1: Illustrative Valuation as PoS on Unlocks Increases 
BNTX’s pumitamig (and associated combinations) represent the key value drivers in our model 
$0
$50
$100
$150
$200
$250
$300
COVID
Net Cash
Net Cash +
COVID
Current share
price
GS 12-month
PT
FixVac HPV +
HSNCC
Pumi 1L PD-1
>1% NSCLC
Pumi SCLC
Pumi TNBC
Pumi Gastric
Pumi CRC
Pumi HSNCC
Anti CTLA4
Programs
T-PAM
Theoretical Value/share
Incremental Value Unlock at 100% POS  
GS $127 12-month 
PT ~23% Upside
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
4 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 3]
becoming a standard of care in oncology ~8 years ago (e.g. Merck’s Keytruda in 
2018), now the biopharma industry broadly is approaching an opportunity to unlock 
the next level of efficacy across a number of tumor types, on the back of 
improvements to each part of the combo’s components (e.g. PD1/L1 being elevated 
to PD1/L1xVEGF bispecifics and chemo being elevated to ADCs). 
 
We acknowledge BNTX is operating in a competitive area of clinical development — 
n
with competition from both other PD1/L1xVEGF bispecifics (e.g. SMMT), but also 
late stage ADC programs seeking to improve upon the standard of care (e.g. MRK, 
AZN) — and there are clinical risks with outstanding questions around clinical 
validation (i.e. overall survival benefit). However, we believe BNTX has strategically 
positioned itself to be a leader in this next wave of potential advancements, 
presenting a unique risk/reward opportunity. To this end, at the World Conference 
on Lung Cancer (Sept 12-15), BNTX’s pumitamig (PDL1xVEGF, partnered with BMY) 
+ Elfe-D (B7H3 ADC) novel-novel combination in advanced/metastatic lung cancer 
(NSCLC or SCLC) will be featured in an oral presentation, which could offer an early 
proof of concept for BNTX’s core strategy of combining these two emerging 
mechanisms. 
We anticipate ORR data will be most in focus, and details will be important, 
n
regarding response rates across different histologies and PD-L1 expression levels. 
This study builds upon strong single-agent and chemo-combination benchmarks 
previously established by both assets. At ASCO 2026 pumitamig + chemo showed 
robust antitumor activity in first-line NSCLC setting (ROSETTA Lung-02), showing 
confirmed objective response rates at the lower dose of 63.6% in the non-squamous 
and 72.7% in the squamous subtypes, and at WCLC 2025 pumitamig + chemo 
showed 76.3% confirmed objective response rate in extensive-stage SCLC 
(BNT327-01 Phase 2). Separately, B7-H3 ADC elfetabart drozuntecan (BNT324) has 
demonstrated early signs of encouraging activity in both NSCLC and SCLC, with 
unconfirmed ORR of 22.0% in non-squamous and 16.0% in squamous NSCLC, and 
up to a 70.4% response rate in SCLC post-immunotherapy patients with no prior 
 
Exhibit 2: Evolution of Immunotherapy and Chemotherapy — Heading Toward Novel-Novel 
Combos 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
4 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 4]
TOP1i. 
Across other relevant studies in 1L advanced NSCLC, we note Merck’s KEYNOTE-189 
n
(Keytruda + chemo, nonsquamous) was 47.6% ORR and KEYNOTE-407 (Keytruda + 
chemo, squamous) was 57.9% ORR, Summit / Akeso’s ivonescimab + chemo Phase 2 
(China-only) was 71.4% ORR in 1L Squamous NSCLC and 54.2% ORR 1L 
Non-Squamous NSCLC, and Merck / Kelun’s OptiTROP-Lung05 (sac-TMT + Keytruda) 
70.2% ORR. 
mRNA FixVac BNT113 interim readout in 2H26 
Background. BNTX is pursuing both an individualized (iNeST) and off-the-shelf 
n
(FixVac) approach. iNeST (autogene cevumeran) is a personalized therapy that uses 
tumor specific antigens (TSAs), namely neoantigens based on cancer mutations 
which are unique to every individual, derived from an individual patient’s tumor 
mutations, requiring on-demand production with a manufacturing turnaround of 
approximately 40 days. FixVac is bulk manufactured, off-the-shelf, 
indication-specific mixtures of shared tumor-associated antigens (TAAs). Given the 
recent topline success of MRK/Moderna’s individualized mRNA program in 
early-stage melanoma, we highlight key differences in BNTX’s platform and clinical 
strategy. 
Key differences between MRK/Moderna and BNTX 
Platform overviews. Both the MRK/Moderna platform and the BNTX platform share 
n
the core basic mechanism of utilizing messenger RNA (mRNA) encapsulated in lipid 
carrier vehicles to instruct antigen-presenting cells to produce tumor antigens, 
thereby activating the immune system against cancer cells. However, the two 
approaches differ in several ways that are important to consider. 
mRNA Chemistry: Modified mRNA vs. Optimized Uridine mRNA. MRK/Moderna 
n
utilizes chemically modified mRNA intended to evade intracellular RNA sensors (i.e. 
stealth strategy), which limits intrinsic immune activation, whereas BioNTech uses 
optimized uridine mRNA (uRNA) which activates internal receptors and launches an 
innate inflammatory response. 
Delivery System & Formulation: LNP vs. LPX. On the formulation and delivery axis, 
n
MRK/Moderna uses a lipid nanoparticle (LNP) administered via intramuscular 
injection, whereas BioNTech utilizes an RNA-lipoplex (RNA-LPX) administered via 
systemic intravenous infusion. 
Proprietary algorithms. For their individualized approaches, both MRK/Moderna 
n
and BNTX have proprietary algorithms which are utilized for each patient’s 
neoantigen selection. 
Clinical development strategy. Whereas MRK/Moderna has focused initial 
n
development on tumors that have shown more sensitivity to immune therapy (albeit 
we note earlier stage efforts beyond), BNTX has conducted early trials focused on 
less immunogenic (i.e. colder) tumors (although similarly we note earlier stage efforts 
beyond). 
4 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 5]
Context for iNeST discontinuation in CRC 
BNTX’s discontinuation of Ph2 adjuvant monotherapy autogene cevumeran in 
n
resected colorectal cancer was somewhat of a surprise, as the interim look by the 
DSMB was intended to allow the trial to continue as planned with the final readout in 
2027. BNTX notes there was a high bar for success in this study due to tumor biology 
(biologically complex and immunologically cold) and the high-risk patient population 
(specifically ctDNA-positive, surgically resected Stage II high risk or Stage III). While 
BNTX is still conducting analysis, the company does not believe there is readthrough 
to other studies, such as PDAC. 
Perspectives on upcoming FixVac BNT113 readout 
The Ph3 interim analysis for FixVac program BNT113 in late-stage PD-L1+ HPV16+ 
n
HNSCC patients this year will be for PFS, as OS is not expected to be mature. BNT113 
targets two shared viral oncoproteins, HPV16 E6 and E7. We note while the narrow 
focus on HPV16+ patients supports the biological rationale, late stage has been 
challenging for BNTX’s mRNA therapies.  
In the open label Ph2 run in portion, BNT113 showed encouraging data, albeit small 
n
numbers (n=15).  ORR was 40% (4 CR, 2 PR), mPFS was 3.9 months by blinded 
independent review (6.0 months by investigator) and mOS was 22.6 months. 
 
Regarding the bar for success, the benchmark was set by MRK’s KEYNOTE-048 trial, 
n
which showed 3.2 months PFS across the PD-L1 CPS ≥1 population. Here we note 
some caveats — Keytruda monotherapy in this study could outperform 
KEYNOTE-048 and HPV+ patients could perform better vs the broader population, 
 
Exhibit 3: BNT113 Ph2 safety run-in data 
 
 
Source: Company data
4 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 6]
as HPV+ patients seem to have a more favorable prognosis vs HPV- HNSCC patients, 
although we are not aware of a subpopulation analysis from KEYNOTE-048. 
 
On the cross-trial comparison, our key focus is from a PFS standpoint, where we 
n
observe 3.2 months Keytruda monotherapy in KN-048 vs 3.9 months BNT113 + 
Keytruda combo in the Ph2 safety run-in. For the interim readout, it seems to us 
possible but somewhat of a narrow window to achieve a significant difference in PFS 
at the interim. 
In our DCF, we currently model ~$600mn in WW revenues in 2035 at 20% POS for 
n
BNT113, contributing to our current price target of $127. Illustratively flexing 
BNT113 POS in our DCF to 100% yields $131 (+3.1%), while flexing down to 0% 
yields $125 (-1.6%). Thus, from the standpoint of our model, there is directional 
asymmetric upside potential, although not significant change overall. However, given 
the increased focus on cancer mRNA therapies, similar to the dynamic we observed 
with MRNA, we acknowledge a positive readout could inflect higher on the upside, 
with it being seen as validation to the broader platform and reading through to 
additional future indications. We also note the reverse on the downside, where 
non-statistically significant results could be seen as a negative platform readthrough 
— here, we do not believe this should be the fundamental interpretation, as the 
company has stated this technology is likely better suited for earlier stage 
populations, however given the recent setback in CRC, some investors may have a 
negative over-reaction. 
 
Exhibit 4: BNT113 Ph2 controlled trial design and benchmark 
 
 
Source: Company data
4 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 7]
BNT116 data at World Lung (Sept 12-15) 
While we do not anticipate the FixVac BNT116 Ph1 data in resectable NSCLC at the 
n
World Lung Conference to be market moving given the early stage nature, we note 
the potential for it to add to the proof-of-concept data in NSCLC, as BNT116 moves 
to earlier stage patients, which BNTX believes is the right setting. 
Gotistobart CTLA4 program interim Ph3 readout near YE26 
Background. Late last year, BNTX announced impressive Phase 3 Stage 1 overall 
n
survival benefit for gotistobart which positions it as a key oncology asset, and 
highlighted it at their R&D day as having a differentiated design from other CTLA-4 
antibodies, aiming for an improved profile. BNTX is conducting the Stage 2 pivotal 
portion of the study, and the company believes gotistobart could potentially reach 
the market by late 2027/early 2028, which would make it BNTX’s second commercial 
oncology asset. Consistent with this timing, based on current event accrual 
projections, BNTX expects to conduct the first interim analysis from the pivotal 
stage of the Ph3 trial towards the end of 2026. 
In the non-pivotal stage I of PRESERVE-003 (global Ph3), the company highlights the 
n
12-month PFS rate of 25% for gotistobart versus zero for docetaxel is a signal of 
durable disease control. Gotistobart reduced the risk of death in this IO pre-treated 
patient population by 54% compared to docetaxel, with the hazard ratio of 0.46. 
The median OS in the gotistobart arm has not yet been reached, compared to 
approximately 10 months with docetaxel. At 12 months, 63% of patients treated 
with gotistobart were alive versus 30% in the docetaxel arm. The safety profile was 
consistent with the previously established profile for gotistobart, with no new signals 
of concern. BNTX also expects to present longer follow-up data at World Lung. 
External Event - SMMT Harmoni-3 in 2H26 
Background. The most advanced PD1/L1xVEGF bispecific antibody is ivonescimab 
n
(ivo), originated by Chinese biotech Akeso and licensed globally by SMMT. Ivo’s Phase 
3 data disclosed around ASCO 2024 gained significant attention as it was the first 
clinical trial to outperform market leader MRK’s Keytruda in a head-to-head trial 
(note that it was run entirely in China rather than Global, and monotherapy vs 
combination with chemotherapy, which is the standard of care in the US). Since then, 
data has continued to build, from both SMMT and BNTX in multiple indications, with 
2026 positioned to be a seminal year for overall survival validation in NSCLC (SMMT’s 
HARMONI-3 data will be most in focus here). BNTX acknowledges that the SMMT 
data-events can serve as validating signals for their pumitamig program, though they 
remain confident in their own clinical data and their selection of tumors, also noting 
that the assets are not the same. Additionally, they believe the most significant 
improvements in efficacy will be seen in the novel-novel combos (e.g. pumitamig + 
ADCs). 
As noted previously in Assessing Potential Lateral Reads From SMMT’s Upcoming 
n
PD1xVEGF Bispecific Data, BNTX is the closest to a pure-play comparable to SMMT on 
the PD1/L1xVEGF bispecific theme, and we expect the greatest lateral impact for 
4 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 8]
BNTX, where we had noted in feedback post our upgrade that readthrough from 
HARMONi-3 was a key debate. Adjusting our BNTX DCF for the probability of 
success around its PDL1xVEGF program indicates approximately +/- 15% moves in 
the stock. 
We currently model 45% POS for pumitamig in NSCLC. In the event of positive SMMT 
n
data, we illustratively move the POS for NSCLC from 45% to 75%. Additionally, we 
move POS for all other indications up 5%, reflecting incremental confidence in the 
PDL1-xVEGF bispecific mechanism broadly. This would lead to an increase in our 
current DCF-based 12-month price target by ~15%. In the event of disappointing 
data, we illustratively reduce our probabilities of success by the same amounts (from 
45% to 15% in NSCLC, and down 5% in other indications), which yields an ~15% 
decrease to our current price target. Applying the +/- 15% to the current BNTX 
stock price of ~$103, we note a 15% increase remains considerably below our target 
price of $127. Conversely, a 15% decrease from the current level would imply BNTX 
essentially trading at its cash + COVID business, which we believe would be overly 
punitive. On this note, we point out our views that 1) the separate indications do not 
necessarily have strong readthroughs to one another, as we believe BNTX’s global 
Ph2 data in TNBC and SCLC support those indications more directly, and 2) the most 
significant benefit will ultimately come from novel-novel combinations of 
PDL1xVEGF and ADCs, which could ultimately become the new standard of care, 
and BNTX has both of these components and is amongst the, if not the, most 
advanced in these combination efforts. 
Valuation and Risks 
 
 
Valuation: Our 12-month price target of $127 (from $128 prior) derives from our 
DCF-based analysis with a WACC of 11% and a TGR of 1%. Our updated price target 
reflects the removal of iNEST in CRC post the recent discontinuation. Consequently, our 
updated FY26/27/28 EPS are €(5.42)/(6.04)/(1.29) vs. €(5.42)/(6.04)/(1.28) prior.  
Downside risks: (1) Clinical development – data for lead asset BNT327, which underpins 
our growth forecasts, fails to deliver clinical trial results in terms of efficacy, safety or 
combinability – that fail to result in further advancement, expansion into additional 
trials, or approval and commercialization as an oncology product; (2) Competitive risks – 
BNT327’s profile is considered materially inferior to that of competitor Summit 
Therapeutics (SMMT) ivonescimab; (3) Additional oncology pipeline assets fail to 
progress beyond clinical development, limiting the company’s capacity to achieve its 
objective of growth and potential leadership as a commercial oncology company; (4) 
COVID-19 vaccine related – worse-than-expected performance based on lower uptake, 
competitive share loss, failure to develop combination vaccines, or IP-related litigation; 
(5) capital allocation – failure to allocate capital towards attractive internal and/or 
external investments that leverage the company’s research capabilities. 
 
4 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 9]
 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Research estimates, FactSet. Price as of 3 Sep 2026 close.
BNTX
12m Price Target: $127.00
Price: $102.88
Upside: 23.4%
 
Buy  
 
GS Forecast
 
Market cap: $26.1bn
Enterprise value: $13.4bn
3m ADTV: $118.6mn
Germany
Americas Pharmaceuticals
M&A Rank: 3
 
12/25
12/26E
12/27E
12/28E
Revenue (€ mn) New
2,869.9
1,827.9
1,663.0
2,807.0
Revenue (€ mn) Old
2,869.9
1,827.9
1,663.0
2,809.6
EBITDA (€ mn)
(1,022.1)
(1,290.7)
(1,683.5)
(479.8)
EBIT (€ mn)
(1,404.9)
(1,772.8)
(1,839.1)
(633.3)
EPS (€) New
(4.70)
(5.42)
(6.04)
(1.29)
EPS (€) Old
(4.70)
(5.42)
(6.04)
(1.28)
P/E (X)
NM
NM
NM
NM
Dividend yield (%)
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Net debt/EBITDA (X)
--
--
--
--
3/26
6/26
9/26E
12/26E
EPS (€)
(2.10)
(3.24)
1.22
(1.30)
4 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 10]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Asad Haider, CFA, Nick Jennings and Jeff Su, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about 
the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, 
related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Asad Haider, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Nick Jennings Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Jeff Su Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Logo disclosure 
Third party brands used in this report are the property of their respective owners, and are used here for informational purposes only. The use of such 
brands should not be viewed as an endorsement, affiliation or sponsorship by or for Goldman Sachs or any of its products/services. 
The rating(s) for BioNTech is/are relative to the other companies in its/their coverage universe: AbbVie Inc., BioNTech, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co., 
Eli Lilly & Co., Innoviva Inc., Johnson & Johnson, Merck & Co., NewAmsterdam Pharma, Pfizer Inc., Royalty Pharma Plc, Vaxcyte Inc.  
Company-specific regulatory disclosures 
The following disclosures relate to relationships between The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (with its affiliates, “Goldman Sachs”) and companies covered 
by Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research and referred to in this research. 
Goldman Sachs has received compensation for investment banking services in the past 12 months: BioNTech ($102.88) 
Goldman Sachs expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3 months: BioNTech ($102.88) 
Goldman Sachs had an investment banking services client relationship during the past 12 months with: BioNTech ($102.88) 
Goldman Sachs had a non-investment banking securities-related services client relationship during the past 12 months with: BioNTech ($102.88) 
Goldman Sachs had a non-securities services client relationship during the past 12 months with: BioNTech ($102.88) 
Goldman Sachs is a registered market maker in the securities or derivatives thereof: BioNTech ($102.88) 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
4 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 11]
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Price target and rating history chart(s) 
 
Target price history table(s) 
BioNTech (BNTX) 
 
Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions. 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
05-Aug-26
128.00
92.18
05-May-26
133.00
95.50
11-Mar-26
132.00
90.84
16-Jan-26
142.00
109.00
04-Nov-25
115.00
104.83
05-Aug-25
112.00
111.07
29-May-25
110.00
100.25
31-Mar-25
140.00
91.06
11-Mar-25
136.00
98.39
08-Nov-24
137.00
110.64
06-May-24
90.00
93.35
21-Mar-24
91.00
91.99
27-Feb-24
100.00
92.79
27-Oct-23
113.00
91.20
4 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 12]
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
4 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 13]
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
4 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 


[Page 14]
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
4 September 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
BioNTech (BNTX)
 
 
