[Page 1]
EQUITY RESEARCH
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
September 10, 2026
For Full Comments and Required Non-U.S. Analyst and Conflicts Disclosures, please click on the links below.
Premium Research
RBC Elements™: Pest Control Website
Traffic Decelerated in August
Summary
RBC Elements™: Big Data Behind Big
Builders
Summary
August Pricing Slightly Less Bad after Weaker July
Rating Revisions
Technip Energies N.V.
Summary
Poised for recovery, upgrading to Outperform
Company Comments
Inditex
Summary
Raising sales forecasts, trimming EPS on higher opex pre D&A
Industry Comments
French Banks
Summary
Political overhang returns
RBC Truck Tracker
Summary
North America in recovery mode; upgrading PACCAR to Outperform
Quick Takes
Global Commodity Strategy and MENA
Geopolitical Update: Midterm Malaise
Summary
Policy Options Run Thin Ahead of Midterms as Iran War Escalation Risk Rises
Priced as of prior day's market close, EST (unless otherwise noted).


[Page 2]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
Premium Research
Ashish Sabadra (Analyst)
(415) 633-8659; ashish.sabadra@rbccm.com
RBC Elements™: Pest Control Website Traffic Decelerated in
August
Published September 9 2026 17:52:15 EDT
Our view: August 2026 pest control website traffic showed growth moderation,
with unique visits up ~1.5% y/y vs. July 2026 growth of ~8.9% y/y, and total visits
up ~4.4% y/y vs. July 2026 growth of ~10.8% y/y. Investor focus on website traffic
has increased recently, driven by concerns around GenAI's impact on inbound
lead generation. Unlike traditional search, where leading national brands tend to
dominate both sponsored and organic results, LLMs are surfacing local companies
more prominently, which has likely weighed on lead flow and organic growth
for Rollins. We will continue to monitor this trend, though it's worth noting that
website traffic can be noisy on a month-to-month basis. In addition, ROL and RTO
utilize a diverse mix of customer acquisition channels beyond digital marketing,
including door-to-door, home builders and real estate partnerships, technician
cross-selling, and commercial field sales.
Mike Dahl (Analyst)
(212) 618-3251; michael.dahl@rbccm.com
RBC Elements™: Big Data Behind Big Builders
Published September 10 2026 00:15:00 EDT
August Pricing Slightly Less Bad after Weaker July
Pricing screened slightly less bad in August vs. July trends, headlined by ongoing
steady base declines with less bad (though still weak) spec pricing trends after
several months of outsized declines. Inventory saw some modest relief (specs &
specs/CC -1%/-2% m/m) though remains near the highs (+8%/+1% y/y) at 5.4 specs/
CC. Net, while August was less bad, we believe our data continues to reflect soft
demand and challenges in pricing power. We continue to see EPS risks across the
group, especially if the recent rise in rates holds/persists and looking into ’27 with
potential for renewed cost inflation. We remain cautious overall even after recent
underperformance (builders -11% over the past month vs. S&P 500 -1%), while
expecting continued volatility given the dynamic macro/rates backdrop.
Rating Revisions
Victoria McCulloch, CA (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8530; victoria.mcculloch@rbccm.com
Biraj Borkhataria, CFA (Analyst)
+44 20 7029 7556; biraj.borkhataria@rbccm.com
Adnan Dhanani, CFA (Analyst)
+44 20 7029 7810; adnan.dhanani@rbccm.com
Matthew Russell (Associate)
+44 20 4557 7244; matthew.russell@rbccm.com
Technip Energies N.V. (NXT PA: TE; 29.72)
Published September 10 2026 00:45:00 EDT
Poised for recovery, upgrading to Outperform
Rating:
Outperform (prev: Sector Perform)
Price Target:
42.00 ↓ 45.00
Our view: Technip Energies (TEN) has underperformed the wider European OFS
peer group by ~10% ytd, due to its material operations in Qatar, reduction to
FY26 guidance and uncertainty around further Middle East impact. We think
management has been conservative in its guidance, with no cost recovery assumed;
and see material growth from a record FY26 order intake and future Middle East
tender opportunities. We are upgrading to Outperform from Sector Perform, €42
Price Target from €45.
September 10, 2026
2


[Page 3]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
Company Comments
Richard Chamberlain (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8092; richard.chamberlain@rbccm.com
Manjari Dhar (Analyst)
+44 20 7002 2111; manjari.dhar@rbccm.com
Charles Perkins (Associate)
+44 20 7002 2309; charles.perkins@rbccm.com
Inditex (MADRID: ITX; 56.52)
Published September 9 2026 09:09:43 EDT
Raising sales forecasts, trimming EPS on higher opex pre D&A
Rating:
Outperform
Price Target:
63.00
Our view: We are maintaining our Outperform rating and EUR63 price target
on Inditex, due to strong sales momentum in the business along with a sharply
improving FCF trend. Costs e.g. related to transportation are coming in a bit higher
than we expected, but we think over time ITX will be rewarded for its growth
potential, consistency and strong cash returns.
Industry Comments
Anke Reingen (Analyst)
+44 20 7029 0784; anke.reingen@rbccm.com
French Banks
Published September 10 2026 00:45:00 EDT
Political overhang returns
Our view: French politics have moved to the forefront again. Given the fiscal
situation in France and the uncertainty around the potential implications of
the French presidential elections, we expect politics to continue to create an
overhang to French banks' share prices. In the near term, we expect the impact to
centre around cost of equity implications for the banks. Improved profitability and
solvency have provided some buffer to banks' share prices from domestic politics
in recent years reducing the correlation between bank share prices and French
government bond spreads. BNP remains our preferred pick given higher geographic
diversification and being more discounted (largely as a result of litigation risk, in
our view).
Nick Housden, CFA (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8831; nick.housden@rbccm.com
RBC Truck Tracker
Published September 10 2026 00:49:39 EDT
North America in recovery mode; upgrading PACCAR to Outperform
Our view: In the RBC Truck Tracker, we analyse the key datapoints driving truck
markets in North America and Europe and discuss the implications for the truck
OEMs.
Global Commodity Strategy and MENA
Helima Croft (Analyst)
(212) 618-7798; helima.croft@rbccm.com
Geopolitical Update: Midterm Malaise
Published September 9 2026 20:42:14 EDT
Policy Options Run Thin Ahead of Midterms as Iran War Escalation Risk Rises
President Trump faces a paucity of policy options to keep prices contained ahead
of the midterms in 55 days’ time, with Brent prices once again breaching $100/
bbl, and average retail gasoline and diesel prices sitting around $4.20/gal and
$6.00/gal, respectively. To date, verbal interventions about an imminent conflict
end have achieved the most mileage, especially when there are multiple endgame
messengers. While we are wary of making definitive declarations on the declining
utility of this market management strategy, we think Treasury Secretary Bessent’s
July comments that the war would be over in a matter of days may mark a recent
September 10, 2026
3


[Page 4]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
peak in producing the intended price response. President Trump for his part today
seemed to be reconciled to higher energy prices ahead of the elections.
Quick Takes
Anthony Codling (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8145; anthony.codling@rbccm.com
UK Housebuilders
Published September 10 2026 00:45:00 EDT
Breaking Bricks: A cautious glass-half full
Karl Green (Analyst)
+44 20 7429 8837; karl.green@rbccm.com
Sunbelt Rentals Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SUNB; 69.32)
Published September 9 2026 07:46:21 EDT
Q1 earnings beat & raise
September 10, 2026
4


[Page 5]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
Disclaimer
RBC Capital Markets is the business name used by certain branches and subsidiaries of the Royal Bank of Canada, including RBC Dominion Securities Inc., RBC
Capital Markets, LLC, RBC Europe Limited, RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH, Royal Bank of Canada, Hong Kong Branch, Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch
and Royal Bank of Canada, Sydney Branch. The information contained in this report has been compiled by RBC Capital Markets from sources believed to be reliable,
but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by Royal Bank of Canada, RBC Capital Markets, its affiliates or any other person as to its accuracy,
completeness or correctness. All opinions and estimates contained in this report constitute RBC Capital Markets' judgement as of the date of this report, are
subject to change without notice and are provided in good faith but without legal responsibility. Nothing in this report constitutes legal, accounting or tax advice or
individually tailored investment advice. This material is prepared for general circulation to clients and has been prepared without regard to the individual financial
circumstances and objectives of persons who receive it. The investments or services contained in this report may not be suitable for you and it is recommended
that you consult an independent investment advisor if you are in doubt about the suitability of such investments or services. This report is not an offer to sell or
a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities. Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original
capital may occur. RBC Capital Markets research analyst compensation is based in part on the overall profitability of RBC Capital Markets, which includes profits
attributable to investment banking revenues. Every province in Canada, state in the U.S., and most countries throughout the world have their own laws regulating
the types of securities and other investment products which may be offered to their residents, as well as the process for doing so. As a result, the securities
discussed in this report may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. RBC Capital Markets may be restricted from publishing research reports, from time to
time, due to regulatory restrictions and/ or internal compliance policies. If this is the case, the latest published research reports available to clients may not reflect
recent material changes in the applicable industry and/or applicable subject companies. RBC Capital Markets research reports are current only as of the date set
forth on the research reports. This report is not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as securities broker or dealer in any
jurisdiction by any person or company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or dealer in that jurisdiction. To the full extent
permitted by law neither RBC Capital Markets nor any of its affiliates, nor any other person, accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential
loss arising from, or in connection with, any use of this report or the information contained herein. No matter contained in this document may be reproduced or
copied by any means without the prior written consent of RBC Capital Markets in each instance.
Additional information is available on request.
To U.S. Residents:
This publication has been approved by RBC Capital Markets, LLC (member FINRA, NYSE, SIPC), which is a U.S. registered broker-dealer and which accepts
responsibility for this report and its dissemination in the United States. Any U.S. recipient of this report that is not a registered broker-dealer or a bank acting in
a broker or dealer capacity and that wishes further information regarding, or to effect any transaction in, any of the securities discussed in this report, should
contact and place orders with RBC Capital Markets, LLC.
To Canadian Residents:
This publication has been approved by RBC Dominion Securities Inc.(member CIRO). Any Canadian recipient of this report that is not a Designated Institution in
Ontario, an Accredited Investor in British Columbia or Alberta or a Sophisticated Purchaser in Quebec (or similar permitted purchaser in any other province) and
that wishes further information regarding, or to effect any transaction in, any of the securities discussed in this report should contact and place orders with RBC
Dominion Securities Inc., which, without in any way limiting the foregoing, accepts responsibility for this report and its dissemination in Canada.
To U.K. Residents:
This publication has been approved by RBC Europe Limited ('RBCEL') which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority ('FCA') and the Prudential Regulation Authority, in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. This material is not for general
distribution in the United Kingdom to retail clients, as defined under the rules of the FCA. RBCEL accepts responsibility for this report and its dissemination in
the United Kingdom.
To EEA Residents:
This material is distributed in the EU by either RBCEL on an authorised cross-border basis, or by RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH (RBC EG) which is authorised
and regulated in Germany by the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority) (BaFin).
To Persons Receiving This Advice in Australia:
This material has been distributed in Australia by Royal Bank of Canada, Sydney Branch (ABN 86 076 940 880, AFSL No. 246521). This material has been prepared for
general circulation and does not take into account the objectives, financial situation or needs of any recipient. Accordingly, any recipient should, before acting on
this material, consider the appropriateness of this material having regard to their objectives, financial situation and needs. If this material relates to the acquisition
or possible acquisition of a particular financial product, a recipient in Australia should obtain any relevant disclosure document prepared in respect of that product
and consider that document before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. This research report is not for retail investors as defined in section
761G of the Corporations Act.
To persons receiving this from Royal Bank of Canada, Hong Kong Branch:
This document is distributed in Hong Kong by Royal Bank of Canada, Hong Kong Branch which is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the Securities
and Futures Commission. This document is not for distribution in Hong Kong, to investors who are not “professional investors”, as defined in the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571 of Hong Kong) and any rules made under that Ordinance. This document has been prepared for general circulation and does not take
into account the objectives, financial situation, or needs of any recipient. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. WARNING: The contents of
this document have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. Investors are advised to exercise caution in relation to the investment. If you are
in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice.
To persons receiving this from Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch:
This publication is distributed in Singapore by the Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch, a registered entity licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
This publication is not for distribution in Singapore, to investors who are not “accredited investors” and “institutional investors”, as defined in the Securities and
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore. This publication has been prepared for general circulation and does not take into account the objectives, financial situation, or
needs of any recipient. You are advised to seek independent advice from a financial adviser before purchasing any product. If you do not obtain independent
advice, you should consider whether the product is suitable for you. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. If you have any questions related
to this publication, please contact the Royal Bank of Canada, Singapore Branch.
To Japanese Residents:
Unless otherwise exempted by Japanese law, this publication is distributed in Japan by or through RBC Capital Markets (Japan) Ltd. which is a Financial Instruments
Firm registered with the Kanto Local Financial Bureau (Registered number 203) and a member of the Japan Securities Dealers Association (JSDA) and the Financial
Futures Association of Japan (FFAJ).
September 10, 2026
5


[Page 6]
UK & EUROPEAN RESEARCH AT A GLANCE
.® Registered trademark of Royal Bank of Canada. RBC Capital Markets is a trademark of Royal Bank of Canada. Used under license.
Copyright © RBC Capital Markets, LLC 2026 - Member SIPC
Copyright © RBC Dominion Securities Inc. 2026 - Member Canadian Investor Protection Fund
Copyright © RBC Europe Limited 2026
Copyright © Royal Bank of Canada 2026
All rights reserved
September 10, 2026
6
