[Page 1]
 
Oil Vol Surface Is Now Pricing Hormuz As A Core 
Risk 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 09, 2026 - 07:05 PM 
Authored by Frank Monkam, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
Brent trading back above $100 for the first time since mid-July is not only a breach of a key 
psychological threshold, it also marks a change in volatility regime, where Strait of Hormuz risk 
is no longer a tail event but a core risk that is now fully embedded into the vol surface. 
 
Historically, volatility of Brent skew has been episodic and mean-reverting, featuring sharp 
bursts of repricing around discrete shocks. 
The latest geopolitical crisis, however, appears to be breaking that pattern, with realized skew 
volatility settling at a materially higher post-shock baseline, suggesting Hormuz is no longer a 
far-tail risk but a central risk factor to oil markets. 
The 30-day realized vol of Brent 1-month 25-delta call skew currently sits around 9 vols. 
While that’s well below the extreme spikes seen in 2024, 2025 and even earlier this year, the 
key observation here is how sticky it has been. Through all post-Covid vol spikes, realized skew 


[Page 2]
 
volatility routinely reverted toward low-single digits (around a baseline level of 2.0, as shown on 
chart below) once the immediate shock faded. 
With the current Hormuz crisis however, normalization appears incomplete, with skew vol 
remaining sticky, and above the post-Covid average, even as flat price has come off its crisis 
high. 
 
A Hormuz crisis had always been construed as the Armageddon risk for oil markets, and having 
now been realized, the calculus for oil markets has effectively changed. 
Historically, geopolitical disruptions tended to enter the oil options market as tail risks: 
low-probability events generating abrupt demand for upside protection when tensions escalated. 
With Hormuz disruption now a persistent input into the physical supply outlook, traders must 
continuously reassess not just the probability of disruption, but its duration and severity. 


[Page 3]
 
 
[ZH: Of course, there is lots of chatter of 'dark fleet' flows that can reduce this bottleneck] 
This new regime is likely to keep the shape of the oil vol surface less stable. 
That doesn’t necessarily require implied vol to remain permanently elevated, but instead could 
lead to a structurally more volatile upside skew, settling at a higher baseline level. 
 
 
 
