[Page 1]
 
'Hedge When You Can, Not When You Have To'; 
Goldman Vol Traders Lay Out 5 Trades Into 
'Extremely Busy Fall' 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 02, 2026 - 09:25 PM 
Top-down, even before the calendar officially flipped to September, Robbie Stankard and the 
rest of the Goldman vol-trading desk noted (pro subs can read the full note here) that clients 
started positioning for what we anticipate will be an extremely busy fall. 
Following the sharp vol reset, Stankard says they have seen a bid for upside exposure in Tech 
across the single stock and index space. 
That said, ahead of a seasonally more challenging period for equities and in the face of 
renewed geopolitical tensions,there's also been a noticeable uptick in hedging.  
 
We are of the view that it is sensible to pair optimistic tech views with portfolio hedges here, 
especially with near-term vol at these levels. 


[Page 2]
 
 
A few more catalysts remain before Labor Day including earnings from AVGO, SNOW, HPE, ZS 
as well as NFP on Friday. 
The implied move through the end of the week is 0.80%. 
Bottom-up, Goldman says there are favorable entry points for upside expressions and/or stock 
replacement, especially across TMT stocks, given implied vols have meaningfully reset due to 
improved AI-sentiment and recent leverage reduction / positioning unwinds. 
The NDX 'avg stock' implied vol has fallen ~20v since mid-July to near YTD lows. 
From both a vol and fundamental perspective, AMAT, MSFT, CDNS, and NOW stand out as 
attractive upside opportunities heading into our GS Communacopia + Technology Conference 
next week. 


[Page 3]
 
 
Stankard likes Buying AMAT Calls 
We remain constructive due to accelerating revenue growth into 2027, margin expansion, and 
attractive valuation after recent dislocation (shares down -40% since June 30th). 
AMAT Oct 520 Calls cost $8.75 (ref 438.09) and capture Communacopia and AMAT's October 
investor day 
He also likes using IGV upside to fund SMH upside here. 
SMH 1m upside vol relative to IGV trades at one of the lowest levels in 5+ years. 
 
Using options on baskets is an even more effective approach given tailored compositions. 
Buy IWM Calls 


[Page 4]
 
Sitting on its 100dma owning upside feels like good risk-reward here ahead of NFP given GS is 
below street consensus (+40k) with street whispers for an even lower number that could prompt 
a bid to rate-sensitive pockets of the market. 
- IWM 30Sep 300 calls cost $2.48 (ref 293.37, 30d) 
Outside of tech, consumer stocks have seen some exceptionally powerful selloffs (DKS, BURL, 
ONON, TPR etc...), and while we have yet to see significant defense on our cash desk, some 
clients are utilizing options to play for a bounce. 
- Ex: DKS Sep 145 calls, cust bought 8.6k outright  
Early in June, the implied vol spread between NDX and SPX was blown out. 
 
However, over the course of the summer, we have seen a complete reversion with current levels 
now registering beneath the 5-year average (Chart). 
Buy QQQ Calls 
For broad tech upside given vol looks cheap on a relative and absolute basis. 
- QQQ Sep 725 Calls cost $4.01 ref. 709.05 (27d / 2.8% move to breakeven) 
We estimate that dealer gamma positioning is still very long at this node and gets longer to the 
downside, providing a source of support at the index level.  
That said, we've seen clients take advantage of low absolute vol levels to put on tactical 
portfolio hedges... 
Buy VIX Call Spreads 
We favor VIX as a book hedge here and have seen this idea resonate across client types. 
- VIX 21Oct26 20 / 30 Call Spread indicatively costs $1.00 (10x leverage) 


[Page 5]
 
...adhering to the old adage: "Hedge when you can and not when you have to" 
Bonus Trade: Large Brazil Nov/Dec upside continues to get lifted as investors secure right tail 
exposures in advance of upcoming elections. 
- Ex: EWZ Dec26 35/38 call spreads, cust bought 68,675x outright 
So buy VIX call spreads against long IWM calls, and QQQ calls; and punt on AMAT calls and 
Brazil (EWZ) call spreads. 
Professional subscribers can read the Goldman Vol Desk's full note here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
