[Page 1]
 
McElligott: Someone Is Blowing Up In Vol 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 02, 2026 - 12:44 PM 
While Nomura's Charlie McElligott admits that at the end of every summer he intentionally puts 
a “block” on himself "from over-sending or creating white noise in such low participation 
markets, not wanting to spin wheels and over-interpret illiquid market moves (there’s a “But” 
coming)"... BUT what is going on right now is simply worth flagging, as his latest comments on 
both equity and rates vol tie into the risk of larger moves being amplified in the future. 
In no uncertain terms, the Nomura x-asset strategist explains that the equity volatility 
collapse/capitulation has gone "epic" with yesterday’s trade looking like like some outright 
stop-outs  - take the IWM 3m ATM iVol which has collapsed to the 0.2% percentile. This market 
action suggests that options market makers and dealers are choking on huge PNL losses, as 
anybody or anything long Optionality / long Skew has been bled-out, and McElligott expects the 
possibility of some meaningful headlines in the next few days of major trading losses being 
crystalized. 
The chart below shows Equities Index Vol change (measured in Z-score!!) over the past 2 
weeks, sharply lower despite Spot Equities also lower : 
 
Spot Equities / Vol Relationship in weird place: 


[Page 2]
 
 
The abnormalities continue: as the next chart shows, in the month of August, there was "twice 
the Realized Vol on Rallies than on down days.” 


[Page 3]
 
 
Here, McElligott echoes Brian Garrett's comments - who was likewise stunned by what is going 
down in vol land - and points out that skew - and especially put skew - is getting destroyed, or 
“Who needs to hedge if you don’t have nets / gross?”: 
 
So beyond what the Goldman's Garrett explained, to McElligott there are a bunch of things 
hitting all at the same time:  
●​ The Exotics / Structured Notes flows - which McElligott discussed here two weeks ago - 
are causing buyers of Volatility to choke & die on limitless Vega supply, of course - but 


[Page 4]
 
moreso, as they feed the other side with Vanna and Skew, so counterparts are getting 
longer Vol and Skew but into this current “kinda” worst-case scenario, where Spot 
Equities market only bleeds lower on low realized 
●​ “THE” former buyer of Tech / AI Vol over the past 1Y in the market is publically “gone” 
(bye bye Leopold and Korean momentum kamikazes) and now, the buyer of the portfolio 
(Ctiadel) has then quickly flipped & unwound those legacy Options positions… in other 
words, US Equities Tech / AI Vol demand turned to supply, and now… has become 
“nothing” 
●​ Retail speculative behavior in Options and Leveraged ETFs is drying-up violently post 
the July “Momentum” unwind and rolling margin calls, i.e. loss of the “Real and 
Synthetic” negative gamma that Charlie spoke about so much the past year which had 
previously acted as “accelerant flows” that contributed to market “overshoots”-  but now, 
that “Negative Gamma Effect” is absent. 
●​ Dispersion profitability over the past month has cratered down to just the 5%-ile as 
single-name Vol got smoked from the highs (as a function of the aforementioned 
catalysts), so some of these trades (particularly the QIS -kind) are being derisked now 
too with low tolerance for losers on all sides. 
●​ From an end-user perspective, it’s quite simple: as Goldman's Garrett first discussed 
over the weekend, "hedge demand is low because clients are so “Netted-Down” and 
“De-Grossed”…you just don’t have enough underlying Risk / Beta -Exposure “on” to 
require meaningful Downside protection… hence, SPX Skew and Put Skew back to 
2%ile." 
The above only covers the equity vol part of the discussion: for McElligott's take on the even 
scarier developments in Rates/Swaption vol, read the full note available to pro subs. It picks up 
where we left off a month ago... 
... right before Bessent launched the "Buyback Bluff" and then yields promptly blew out to 
multi-year highs.  
More in the full note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
