[Page 1]
 
September Is About Rates, Software, & Seasonality 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 02, 2026 - 04:20 PM 
Authored by Michael Msika, Bloomberg, 
Back-to-school week is an occasion to reassess portfolio exposure and hedging after an 
eventful summer. Software stocks are returning to focus, interest-rate hikes are closing in, and 
seasonality poses more questions than answers. 
The low-volume summer lull didn’t stop the rally. Granted, the Stoxx 600 stalled a bit, but the 
S&P 500 thrived, rising 2.6% and more than making up for the poor performance in June and 
July. The Nasdaq 100 even recorded its best month since May with a 4.2% surge. Risk events 
such as Nvidia Corp.’s earnings and the Federal Reserve’s Jackson Hole symposium kept 
market sentiment mixed and eroded breadth without derailing the uptrend.  
 


[Page 2]
 
“We are moving to a tactically cautious, neutral view, which is to say that equity market 
fundamentals remain strong but near-term variables are likely to cause markets to chop 
sideways,” wrote Andrew Tyler, head of JPMorgan’s Market Intelligence desk (full note here). 
The desk flags some near-term risks, including the increasingly hawkish Fed, no clear read from 
positioning, widening credit spreads, and tricky seasonality. They recommend owning the 
Magnificent Seven given AI, memory and semiconductors are unable to sustain a bid, while 
seeing software as attractive, especially if semis continue to fall. They favor healthcare within 
defensives, large cap banks to play healthy economic growth, and long-Nasdaq 100 versus 
Russell 2000. 
At Jackson Hole on Friday, Fed Chairman Kevin Warsh doubled down on his vow to tame 
inflation, fueling bets on a rate increase at the next policy meeting later this month. Swaps 
traders now see a 67% chance of a hike, compared with 40% a week ago. That will keep 
investors cautious given this week’s payrolls number and next week’s inflation data, which could 
underpin a hawkish stance from the central bank. 
 
Performance dispersion has remained extreme, making it a stock picker’s market driven by AI 
spending. That’s not to say investors haven’t changed their views about winners and losers. The 
AI trade has carried on, albeit with less enthusiasm, but semiconductors and memory chip 
stocks have stopped performing despite Nvidia’s blowout earnings. Software stocks, however, 
stole the show, outperforming the semis by 10 percentage points in August. 
“This resurgence in software suggests increased interest as traders and investors rotate capital 
from crowded semiconductor positions,” said a team led by Brent Kochuba at SpotGamma, 
adding that strong earnings for Salesforce Inc., Okta Inc. and Crowdstrike Holdings Inc. 


[Page 3]
 
seemingly ignited traders’ risk appetite. “The move has also taken place broadly across the 
sector rather than isolated to a handful of names, establishing constructive setups in software 
laggards.” 
According to SpotGamma analysis, implied volatility across many software names has come 
down despite the rally, with most stocks showing some degree of call skew as traders 
participate in the upside bid in anticipation of further gains. Oracle Corp., for example, is in a 
similar positioning setup up as ServiceNow Inc. and Microsoft Corp. were a month ago. Both 
showed positive dealer gamma positioning below spot and negative gamma above, and rallied 
hard post earnings. “This setup can cushion downside movement, while accelerating upside 
momentum,” the team said. 
 
Meanwhile, overall positioning is not clear-cut. Deutsche Bank AG data shows aggregate 
positioning is modestly overweight in the 62nd percentile, and while exposure to large caps is 
high, it’s not stretched yet in the 85th percentile. The risks may come from systematic funds: 
CTAs exposure to stocks is elevated, while vol control funds are maxed out, limiting the potential 
for further additions and creating a highly asymmetric flow backdrop in the event of rising 
volatility. 
That makes for a tricky setup given the September seasonality. On paper, this is the worst 
month for stocks, with a 1.2% drop for the MSCI World Index on average over the past 25 years. 
The devil is in the detail, though: while September is a negative month only 40% of the time, 
when it is, it’s always a sharp drop of between 2.9% and 12%. It’s also often the prelude to the 
strongest (and last) quarter of the year. 


[Page 4]
 
 
Additionally, midterm elections may exacerbate moves, which tend to be negative into the vote 
and then strongly positive post-election, according to several trading desks including those at 
JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bottom line: this is a month when traders typically 
brace for further volatility. 
 
With the VIX currently around the 15 handle, and typically rising to 20 in September, having a 
few hedges in place might not be a bad thing. 
 
