[Page 1]
 
Rate-Spike Hedgers Go "Bonkers" As Iran Attacks 
Spike Oil; Stocks, Gold, & Crypto All Tank 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 02, 2026 - 04:35 AM 
Tl;dr: The surge of global sovereign bond yields to 18 year highs (in aggregate) stole the early 
headlines but renewed attacks on Iran 'Trumped' that (unusually during the trading day) sending 
oil soaring, yields higher, and stocks lower. Dollar strength prompted losses for bullion and 
bitcoin as fears of rate-spikes exploded as stagflation fears surge. 
 
Weak JOLTS, very weak construction spending, weaker Manufacturing PMIs, weak Dallas Fed 
Services... and soaring oil prices/yields/rate-hike odds. Smells like a recipe for Stagflation to 
us... 


[Page 2]
 
 
And the terrible triplet of bonds, stocks, and oil are once again all trading correlation-1... 
 
So let's start with energy... 
Energy 
US oil prices topped $90 a barrel for the first time since late July as fresh American strikes on 
Iran raised concerns about prolonged disruptions to energy flows through the Strait of Hormuz. 


[Page 3]
 
 
Traders are on tenterhooks over how far the escalation could go, after Iran’s Islamic 
Revolutionary Guard Corps warned that “severe punishment” awaits the US. 
The US, meanwhile, continues to pledge to cripple Iran’s economy as concerns mount that the 
conflict is draining American firepower and is increasingly unpopular at home, raising questions 
about the sustainability of the campaign. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent dismissed the 
importance of Hormuz, saying it will soon be bypassed with oil pipelines and rendered a 
“worthless piece of water.” 
Interestingly, Dated Brent - the most accurate price for immediate physical barrels - is higher 
BUT remains somewhat range-bound... 


[Page 4]
 
 
Energy is definitely a compounding problem for the market, warns Goldman Sachs delta-one 
desk-head, Rich Privorotsky. 
Even if Brent and WTI remain within the recent range, the product complex is telling a much 
harsher story. 
European natgas breaking out at 3.5yr high, heating oil is near recent highs... 
 
... and the US diesel crack at record... 


[Page 5]
 
 
This is what consumers actually consume...low oil price just means high refiner margins. If they 
remain here, they should put renewed upward pressure on headline inflation over the coming 
months.  
Whether that spills into core remains the key question, but it is an uncomfortable setup for a Fed 
considering another hike into what is partly a supply shock. 
It also explains why stagflation baskets have performed relatively well.  
 
Diesel remains at the epicenter of the rally, accounting for over 40% of the $40/bbl increase in 
average global refined product wholesale prices since February. 


[Page 6]
 
 
Global exports of refined products declined 6mb/d (25%) year-over-year (yoy), with the Persian 
Gulf and Russia accounting for 75% of the decline... 
 
And drawing a line under the energy complex and transitioning to bonds, in the short term, 
Privorotsky believes we cannot truly disassociate the rate market from the product/energy 
market... 


[Page 7]
 
 
And sure enough, higher energy prices meant lower bond prices (higher yields) today... 
Rates 
The headlines were awash with reports that various global sovereign yields were making 
multi-decade highs. The aggregate global sovereign bond yield itself is back at its highest since 
2008 (and not far off breaking that)... 
 
But Japan's 10Y stole the jam from the market's donut, topping 3.00% for the first time in 30 
years... 


[Page 8]
 
 
Since the start of the war in Iran, JGBs are worst, with Bund yields rising less than USTs... 
 
On the day, UST yields were up across the curve with the short-end underperforming... 


[Page 9]
 
 
...with the yield curve bear-flattening... 
 
Perhaps just as notably, the 30Y rose enough early on today to erase all of the declines from 
Bessent's big buyback bond bailout... 


[Page 10]
 
 
Priya Misra, a portfolio manager at JPMorgan Asset Management, said the Treasury’s buybacks 
may help bolster demand for the long bond, but “may well be dwarfed by the onslaught of 
supply from the AI buildout.” 
 
As Bloomberg reports, not since 2006 have yields on the longest-maturity Treasuries been this 
high for this long... 


[Page 11]
 
 
... with a gaping budget deficit, another wave of corporate issuance and a potentially decisive 
Federal Reserve meeting set to keep investors wary of US debt in coming weeks. 
Long-end yields are seen staying elevated “until entitlement reform changes the deficit picture,” 
said John Briggs, head of US rates strategy at Natixis North America.  
“Buybacks are a drop in the bucket.” 
Surging oil prices (and PMIs signaling prices pressures persist) pushed rate-hike odds higher as 
inflation fears are reignited (and Warhs's new hawkish hat is top of mind). September rate-hike 
odds topped 70% today.. 


[Page 12]
 
 
With The Fed's inflation-fighting credibility on the line, Gregory Faranello, head of US rates 
trading and strategy for AmeriVet Securities says: 
“If you want to get the long end down, you tighten rates." 
Given today's JOLTS print - and the implied weakness of this Friday's payrolls report - will 
Warsh really hike after two negative jobs prints? No Fed chair in the modern-era has done that. 
Before we leave rates-land, Nomura's Charlie McElligott warns of a mismatch:  
Despite what’s been MASSIVE demand for intermediate High Strike Payers (from one notable 
buyer in particular that is not a “usual suspect”), which along with these previously noted CMT 
Range Accrual -Notes are cumulatively helping send Payer Skew stay rich and “Vol of Vol” to 
bonkers levels (see this ‘Straddle vs Strangle’ as proxy below)... 


[Page 13]
 
 
Swaption Vol itself just isnt getting wound up in the Rates bleed higher, because the move has 
become this “slow grind” which is somewhat similar to the Equities scenario described above, 
essentially being “Just a grinding move on low realized”​
​
The risk of course is that IF this Rates move DOES continue and accelerates, Dealers are short 
metric tons of these High Strikes, and its going to be difficult to find willing sellers of these Wings 
to get their Shorts back into the initial move (until Payers are monetized)…that is a scary set-up 
for a “Negative Convexity” -moment 
Simply put, people are paying up bigly for insurance against a big rate spike, but the actual rate 
move so far has been a slow grind, so at-the-money vol isn't exploding.  
McElligott's fear is that the dealer-positioning is at major risk if that grind suddenly becomes a 
jump. 
Don't say we didn't warn you... 
And so as we transition from rates to stocks, Goldman's Rich Privorotsky notes that the 
investment boom is both the equity bull case and the duration bear case. The same AI capex 
and private sector issuance supporting earnings also compete with Treasury supply for a finite 
pool of savings. The 10yr has broken above 4.75%, its highest since January 2025, while the 
30yr has been somewhat better contained below its recent 5.33% high . Treasury’s expanded 
buybacks temporarily helped the long end, but they have not changed the underlying direction 
(buybacks may have won the battle but not the war). The flipside is that all this issuance is 


[Page 14]
 
financing real investment and nominal growth… but likely some inflation as well. Warsh’s own 
“money matters” framing suggests the Fed may be less willing to stand back and assume supply 
will eventually solve the problem. 
For equities it's less the level of yields, it's more the rate of change that has historically hurt. 
Hard to get constructive on bonds unless we think AI investment boom leading to AI investment 
growth shock or if you think Warsh/Fed about to begin aggressive hiking cycle (flattener, curve 
will twist back might even rally).   
Stocks 
And stocks aren't loving the double whammy of higher oil and higher yields (with no solid 
catalysts for upside with earnings behind us). Nasdaq was the ugliest horse in the glue factory, 
closely followed by Small Caps but all the majors were notably lower to start September... 
 
Trannies were worst, smashed down 2.5% to its lowest since May... 


[Page 15]
 
 
The momo meltdown continued with Goldman's flagship momentum basket breaking below July 
lows to its lowest since Sept 2025... 
 
Quite a decoupling from its correlation-1 regime for the last year... 


[Page 16]
 
 
Software suffered... 
 
Semis dropped to their lowest in a month... 


[Page 17]
 
 
Broad AI names continued their (August) underperformance against the market today... 
 
...with AI Leaders all lower today led by Software Infrastructure & Platforms... 


[Page 18]
 
 
The core bull case for stocks remains anchored by high nominal growth and the AI spending 
economy. Privorotsky says Nvidia’s message last week was unambiguous... AI infrastructure 
demand remains extraordinarily robust, with revenue doubling yoy and the company forecasting 
roughly 70% growth next year despite describing the outlook as supply constrained. We are still 
riding Jevons’ paradox: as the cost of tokens collapses, usage expands even faster. Salesforce 
then showed the other side of the trade. Software is not dead... AI can reaccelerate bookings, 
support margins and create a large services opportunity around implementation and workflow 
redesign (perhaps the distinction in software is horizontal vs vertical). So far, the AI thesis 
remains underpinned because nominal spending continues., 
However, Token Costs are plummeting (and hyperscaler credit risk is following) while 
hyperscaler stocks are maintaining the narrative... 


[Page 19]
 
 
What happens if the 'we'll make it up on volume' argument fails and the actual volume surges 
(demand for tokens) for Open models (and not the expensive Closed 'Frontier' models)? 
Privorotsky goes to note that away from AI, the economy simply losing obvious sources of 
acceleration. Fiscal and tax refund tailwinds are fading (BBB front load over), the inventory cycle 
is less helpful and the lower income consumer is under pressure. July retail sales declined for 
the first time in nine months, while Walmart delivered its slowest comparable sales growth in six 
years and pointed directly to higher fuel costs squeezing shoppers.  
The message is increasingly that this is a spending driven economy, but the incremental 
spending is concentrated around AI and higher income consumers. How sustainable is that? 
Everything Else 
The dollar strengthened, rallying back up towards pre-Bessent levels... 


[Page 20]
 
 
Bitcoin was also butchered, tumbling back below $77,000 before finding some support... 
 
Gold extended its recent reversal, dropping back below $4400... 


[Page 21]
 
 
“Historically, gold tends to find its footing in mid-July before entering a sustained period of 
seasonal strength that extends through much of the fall and into year-end,” Stock Trader’s 
Almanac’s Jeff Hirsch wrote in a note. 
Once again, we give Goldman's Privorotsky the floor as he notes that "Gold is complicated"... 
The structural case remains intact… persistent fiscal deficits, rising public debt and the eventual 
temptation to inflate liabilities away. But if Warsh is genuinely willing to defend 2% inflation 
through materially positive real rates, the near term reaction is less straightforward. I still 
struggle to believe a dual mandated Fed will deliberately recreate the Volcker experience of 
1979 to 1982 and accept a major employment shock at the cost of fighting back inflation.  
Will golds revert to real rates? 


[Page 22]
 
 
Three ways out of a debt problem, with AI perhaps we will try to grow our way out but I think in 
the end all governments will choose inflation. 
Finally, we can't end a note to start September without noting the sloppy seasonals ahead... 
 
And that is especially notable during a Midterms year... 


[Page 23]
 
 
Of course, this year could be different... right? 
Privo's closing thoughts on risk: despite tumbling token costs, AI is growing, estimates should 
continue rising and, if the current spending trajectory survives, earnings can eventually grow 
into the multiple. What forces the derating is uncertainty around the cost and availability of 
capital.  That said, the September catalyst path is rich and potentially supportive for tech. 
Broadcom reports Wednesday after the close and will be important for both custom silicon 
demand and the sustainability of hyperscaler spending. Payrolls follows Friday, CPI arrives the 
following Friday and the Fed decides on September 16. 
 


[Page 24]
 
Privo concludes by saying he would remain cautious on duration now that month-end support 
has passed... yields can continue higher. 
 
 
 
