[Page 1]
 
The Treasury Is Now A Shadow Federal Reserve 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 02, 2026 - 05:55 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
The Treasury’s preference for funding with bills is bringing it closer to becoming a de facto 
issuer of central bank money, leaving the entire state balance sheet sensitive to the overnight 
rate. Market stability, and the real return of stocks and bonds are left at greater risk. 
It was Paul McCulley, then at Pimco, who coined the term “shadow bank” back in August 2007, 
to describe lenders that created credit outside of the banking system, beyond the direct 
supervisory authority of the Federal Reserve. 
The Fed now has a bigger problem: the Treasury increasingly resembles a shadow central 
bank. It’s in effect issuing liabilities that are close substitutes for central bank money, as well as 
engaging in quasi monetary-policy and financial-stability (buyback) operations that encroach on 
the purview of the Fed. It does so not only beyond the authority of the central bank, but 
superseding it. 
The Treasury has made clear its preference for curtailing any increases in longer-term debt 
issuance and letting bills absorb changes to financing. They are above the Treasury’s unofficial 
preferred ceiling of 20% of total debt outstanding, at 22.7%, or 24.1% if we exclude the bills held 
by the Fed. Expect that to rise as the fiscal deficit widens. 


[Page 2]
 
 
From the Treasury’s point of view, issuing more bills is a good idea, as it: 
●​ Taps a wide base of money that lives in a low-duration eco-sphere 
●​ Generally offers a lower yield than longer-term debt 
●​ Drains away less funds from higher-velocity bank deposits, which support risk assets 
and spending in the economy; and 
●​ Circumvents overt financial repression (although the Treasury’s enhanced buybacks are 
a clear step in this direction) 
But from everyone else’s perspective it is less than optimal. The Treasury acting like a parallel 
central bank is likely to lead to greater financial instability because it compromises the Fed’s 
independence, leaving the state’s balance sheet highly sensitive to the administered policy rate. 
Governments are inherently inflationary. The temptation is too great to borrow money with 
impunity to buy votes. That drives the key foundation of modern central banking: to restrain 
inflation by instilling discipline over the money supply. 
Yet more liabilities competing with central bank money is structurally inflationary, as it de facto 
increases the supply of liquidity while hobbling the Fed’s ability to do much about it without 
treading on the Treasury’s toes. 
In Perry Mehrling’s hierarchy of money, the fundamental distinction between money and credit is 
that money is a means to final settlement while credit delays it. At the top of the hierarchy is 
central bank money, aka Fed reserves. Under this is bank deposits, and below that is shadow 
money, such as repo and money market shares. Each lower form of money is a claim on the 
money above it. 


[Page 3]
 
 
But changes in repo have blurred the demarcation between it and higher forms of money. Repo 
is a temporary conversion mechanism between collateral and cash. The market has become 
much more liquid in recent years due to the heavy supply of collateral from the government, and 
increases in demand from leveraged buyers of Treasuries to facilitate the basis trade. 
Further, better clearing and continuous collateral valuation mechanisms help bring the size of 
haircuts down. And it gets even better when it comes to bills. With such short duration, they 
reduce the delay to final settlement and therefore the uncertainty on their valuation, privileging 
them with a zero haircut. 
The coup de grâce is rehypothecation, a pet love of the financial system. In a 2021 paper, the 
authors define the “collateral multiplier” as a dealer bank’s matched-book repo activity relative to 
its Treasury trading book. Dealers get Treasury collateral from their own trading activity and 
from reverse repo. They can re-pledge collateral received from the latter, ie they can 
rehypothecate it. 
The authors estimate the collateral multiplier for Treasuries as the ratio between total repo 
outgoing and what was sourced from the dealer’s own holdings. For 2015-2021, they gauge the 
average collateral security was being rehypothecated three to five times; it has been 
substantially higher than that in other periods, according to different estimates. In effect, dealers 
multiply the amount of Treasuries available. 


[Page 4]
 
 
The haircut on Treasury bonds progressively lowers the value of the collateral through each turn 
of hypothecation, but the zero haircut on bills allows them to be hypothecated multiple times 
without loss of value – much like money. 
Unsurprisingly, the creation of more money-like liabilities is typically inflationary. It’s something 
we can observe empirically, with increases in bills relative to total debt outstanding preceding 
structural rises in inflation. 
 
There are plausible causal channels for the relationship as more liquidity drives asset prices 
higher, increasing the wealth effect and artificially repressing the cost of capital, thus boosting 
the general price level. 


[Page 5]
 
However, with a higher proportion of public debt linked to short-term rates, the Fed is hamstrung 
if it wants to raise rates, as doing so creates an automatic fiscal tightening, putting it under 
political pressure to not tighten in the first place. It’s therefore quite conceivable the Fed is no 
longer able to set policy optimally to meet its inflation mandate as bill issuance continues to rise. 
Moreover, as extra supply cheapens bills, money market funds switch out of repo, increasing 
the chance of funding flare-ups, especially when, as now, total reserves plus the size of the 
RRP facility versus GDP is relatively low. 
The Treasury becomes acutely sensitive to the short-term funding environment, as it must 
conduct larger auctions more frequently, with rises in inflation immediately reflected in borrowing 
rates and the interest bill. 
All this adds to the riskiness of the government’s borrowing profile. Even if the Treasury is 
issuing less longer-term debt, it still might end up paying more for it if the term premium rises 
sufficiently. 
With more bills, the policy rate is not only fundamental to monetary policy, it becomes central to 
fiscal stability too. 
But as we’re bound to discover, finding the rate that satisfies the Fed’s inflation and 
financial-stability mandates, while allowing the government to borrow at a level that is neither 
inflationary nor destabilizing, will be an impossible task. 
 
