[Page 1]
 
The S&P 500 Is Accumulating A Volatility Deficit 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
WEDNESDAY, SEP 02, 2026 - 01:45 PM 
Authored by Frank Monkam via Bloomberg, 
The VIX term structure features a front end that has materially downshifted since the start of the 
Iran war while the back end remains elevated, steepening the curve and spawning a volatility 
deficit that suggests a reckoning will eventually arrive for stocks. 
 
The term structure chart above, depicts a steeper curve today versus six months ago. SPX has 
been trading in a relatively narrow range over the past several weeks, with only very shallow 
pullbacks. 
The index has now posted 23 consecutive trading days without a 1% decline, a streak sitting 
around the 90th percentile over a three-year lookback, as shown on the chart below. 


[Page 2]
 
 
This volatility-dampened price action has forced front-month implied volatility to compress 
despite a range of macro risks still facing the economy and markets. 
The Citadel/Aschenbrenner deleveraging episode back in late July, effectively washed out a 
large pocket of crowded momentum risk, leaving positioning cleaner and gamma dynamics 
more stable, thus contributing to the current streak. 
But the historical comparison suggests the current calm may be resting on a less supportive 
macro backdrop this time around: 
●​ The 52-session high in this streak measure over the past three years -- which 
corresponds to the period from early May to mid-July 2024 -- coincided with a Fed on a 
dovish hold and markets pricing roughly 75 basis points of cuts by the end of that year. 
●​ The ten-year yield also fell about 40 basis points during that same window, providing 
equities with a substantial rates tailwind. 
The same support, however, is non-existent at this juncture.  
The SPX/10-year correlation is similarly negative -- around -0.41 today versus -0.47 during the 
2024 streak -- but yields are moving in the opposite direction. 
Equities are, therefore, reproducing the surface calm of 2024 without the rates backdrop that 
buttressed it during that episode.  
With longer-dated VIX continuing to carry a premium, the options market may not be entirely 
eliminating volatility but rather deferring it down the curve. 
The next steep selloff in stocks could be the canary in the coal mine that the market’s 
accumulated volatility deficit might be coming due. 
