[Page 1]
US Watch
04 Sep 2026
JUST A CREDIBILITY HIKE?
Dario Perkins / Davide Oneglia / Freya Beamish
Just a credibility hike?
Today's data confirm our suspicions that weakness in recent months was noise. Employment growth
was above its uptrend in the first part of the year, largely saeasonal factors then pulled the numbers
below the uptrend and August corrects for that, with some upward revisions to the July figure. The key
here is that the uptrend is preserved. NFIB survey, which generally presents a reliable lead on
employment trends, suggest the pick-up should continue.
A soft patch is still a risk, as the consumer hands over from Q1 tax refunds and Q2 savings rate
decline onto employment growth and wage growth. These data confirm that transition is taking place,
the question is only about what consumers will do as it unfolds. The underlying driver is earnings
growth, which appears to be broadening out. In short, the underlying macro at this stage presents no
burning reason to hike rapidly, but the market needs to see that Warsh can do it.
Hiking this month is a must for credibility. Failing to do so would leave Warsh with a mess to clean up
and we assume he can see that, which is why he'll hike. These are the new dynamics. Explaining it to
Trump should be a relatively easy sell - give the market its hike and we can move on. 
But will that be enough? Currently the market is priced for a credibility hike, something generally more
associated with European central banking. The US economy is not like the European economy, though,
with a more flexible labour market. And this US economy is likely more prone to inflation when it
reaccelerates - ULC growth is articially low thanks to the freezing effect of uncertainty last year on the
labour market. Wage growth likely is already picking up, when you strip out low-signal sectors such as
education and health, and today's data confirm the uptrend in employment. On top of that, we think
consumer inflation will run hotter with respect to ULC growth in this regime. These views remain
untested, however, and we don't find a lot of evidence that FOMC members allign with this view. In
short, it will take data to price this shift, meaning that Warsh could find himself having to justify hiking
again in future.
Strong August employment is partly noise but confirms the uptrend
Warsh has talked the talk but he will now need to walk the walk
Markets are priced for a credibility hike, but isn't that a European thing?


[Page 2]
That need to justify, even if he proves that he can hike, changes the dynamics of the relationship
between markets and the Fed. Nowhere is this more clear than in FX markets. Interstingly the FX
response to today's data has been underwhelming, reinforcing our impression that a 25bp hike is
reactionary. Markets are in the driving seat and Warsh is able to deliver only enough to stay in the
game.
Private payrolls fine and starting an uptrend.
04 SEP 2026
US NONFARM PAYROLL COMPONENTS


[Page 3]
We can't extrapolate levels directly from LIs at this
juncture, where the structure of the labour market h…
16 AUG 2026
NFIB HIRING…
1st quartile growth has bottomed, aided by weaker
immigration flows.
12 AUG 2026
US WAGE GROWTH BY…
Wage growth is not reverting to 2010s norms but rather facing a cyclical downturn.
12 AUG 2026
US WAGE GROWTH WILL SETTLE ON A HIGHER DISTRIBUTION IN THE NEX…


[Page 4]
The 2010s was a pretty poor showing from US labour productivity. Capital deepening halted, largely thanks to
hyperglobalisation and crowding out by Chinese investment. The silver lining of deglobalisation is the reinitiation…
22 JUL 2024
US LABOUR PRODUCTIVITY LOOKS SET TO MAKE A COMEBACK AS CAPITA…


[Page 5]
ULC growth looks set to shift up slightly in the 2020s compared with the low growth since the 1980s. Labour share
of income is historically low and politics looks set against it falling further, while Chinese ULCs have already…
22 JUL 2024
US ULC GROWTH IS LIKELY TO BE HIGHER AND MORE VOLATILE


[Page 6]
Core inflation was tepid compared with domestic labour costs, partly thanks to the offshoring wave.
12 AUG 2026
US COMPANIES DIDN'T NEED TO PASS ON DOMESTIC ULC GROWTH UNDE…


[Page 7]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report is
intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be
reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable but
are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or
agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is accurate, complete, or
reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts
or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it
may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this report can fall as well
as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may
have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research
report and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client.
Clients should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the types of financial
instrument or investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No. 10232483
