[Page 1]
Global Political Drivers - Quick Insights
 
04 Sep 2026
US-IRAN: STATE OF SIEGE AND ITS BULLISH
CONSEQUENCES
Christopher Granville
‘Stronger than ever’ sums up the outlook for our “amber zone” base case on the economic impact of the US-Iran
standoff over the Strait of Hormuz (SoH) – that is, persistent global energy market tightness falling short of a
recession-inducing supply crunch.
But we were wrong in our view about this amber zone being founded on the US taking the off-ramp provided by an
Iran-Oman deal on managing SoH shipping. Instead, the US has found a preferable alternative. This was summed
up in the claim by US Energy Secretary Chris Wright earlier this week that oil and gas shipments from the Gulf have
recovered to 17mbpd.  Even allowing for some exaggeration here, the real erosion of Iran’s blocking capability
underlies President Trump’s declaration that with the “Trump strait” under “US control”, he is no longer interested in
negotiating with Iran about reviving last June’s MoU. 
The two main questions in the light of these developments are:
1. How stable the amber zone will prove on this basis
2. The skew of risk towards the red/green zones of energy supply interruption/normalization
The new basis boils down to siege. That is, both sides clearly regard any concessions over SoH as unacceptable
and prefer to settle down into a siege mode. Sieges take time by definition: so the answer to the first question is
that the amber state looks steady enough out into next year. 
The siege ‘mechanics’:
Continuing US blockade of Iran’s maritime trade intensifying socio-economic
pressure in Iran.
Continuing high oil prices maintain socio-political pressure in the US, with the run-
up to midterm elections dominated by ‘affordability’. This pressure, transmitted via
retail oil product prices (see chart), is locked in by the reality that ‘dark’ SoH
shipping increases hydrocarbon supply from the Gulf to no more than two thirds of
pre-war levels.
Page 1 of 3


[Page 2]
Both sides will be determined to ride out the respective pressures while intensifying the pressure on the other
side with the goal of forcing the adversary to blink first. Intensification efforts will comprise (respectively) the
Trump administration’s wider Operation Economic Outcast and Iranian attacks on ships sneaking through the strait
close to the Oman coast. 
Latest Iranian attacks on (two) tankers in the Gulf sparked this week’s exchange of air strikes. It will take more
than such flare ups to shift the overall situation from the amber state into the ‘red’ of renewed all-out war. It is
worth mentioning in passing, however, the trend of inter-war contagion reflected in the diesel price premium (see
chart) attributed this week by Scott Bessent to Ukrainian attacks on Russian refineries.
The goal of Iranian attacks on shipping is to regain SoH leverage. This goal does not depend on re-blocking the
strait: it could be advanced by attracting more ships to use the official Iranian route, generating revenue that
would help Tehran ride out the siege. This possibility underpins the ‘amber’ outlook with a skew towards ‘green’. 
Page 2 of 3


[Page 3]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report is
intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be
reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable but
are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or
agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is accurate, complete, or
reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts
or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it
may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this report can fall as well
as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have
a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report
and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients
should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the types of financial instrument or
investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No. 10232483
Page 3 of 3
