[Page 1]
GS Arruda - What Matters Today Payroll Preview Labor Force
Participation Europe Constructive but Selective 4 Sep 2026
Thales Arruda  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, FICC & Equities
Fri 4 Sep 2026, 8:07am ET
1) Payroll Preview
We estimate nonfarm payrolls rose by 40k in August, somewhat below consensus of +55k. On the
negative side, big data indicators of job growth slowed sequentially. Additionally, August payrolls have
exhibited a consistent negative bias in initial prints over the last decade. On the positive side, layoffs
remain low and there is potential scope for rebounds in employment in leisure and hospitality and local
educational payrolls after large declines over the past couple of months.
We estimate that the unemployment rate was unchanged on a rounded basis at 4.1% (in line with
consensus), reflecting the stabilization in continuing claims. We forecast a 0.4% month-over-month
increase in average hourly earnings, above consensus, reflecting positive calendar effects.
2) What’s Driving the Decline in the Labor Force Participation Rate?
How concerned should we be about the decline in the labor force participation rate this year? Most of the
increase in the number of people not in the labor force since January reflects college graduates over the
age of 55 retiring from work. While it appears that some of the decline in the labor force participation rate
this year is genuine, the fact that it mainly reflects retirement of older, higher-income workers who are
potentially well-positioned to do so rather than an increase in discouraged or other marginally attached
workers makes the decline somewhat less concerning from a cyclical perspective. Taken together, we
estimate that these factors account for roughly 0.8 of the 1pp decline in the labor force participation rate
since December 2025. We expect a few of these factors to be less of an issue for participation going
forward, as residual seasonality in the 16-24 year-old group turns to a boost to participation later this year


[Page 2]
and the sample of 25-34 year-olds that has weighed on the group’s participation rate this year move out of
the household survey sample.
We estimate that changes in the composition of the working-age population toward groups with lower
participation rates account for 0.2pp of the 0.7pp decline in participation since January. We see some
evidence of residual seasonality in the labor force participation rate of the 16-24 year-old group—which
has declined by 0.8pp this year—and we estimate that this contributed another 0.1-0.2pp to the 0.7pp
decline in participation since January. The labor force participation rate for the 25-34 year-old group has
been particularly volatile in recent months—which we suspect is a result of small sample bias—and we
estimate that this bias contributed another 0.1pp to the decline in participation since January.
3) Europe - Constructive, but Selective
European equities have performed well in 2026, supported by strong earnings and resilient economic
growth. We recently raised our 2026 STOXX Europe EPS growth forecast to 15%, driven by strong
earnings momentum across most sectors. We expect EPS growth to normalize to mid-single digits in 2027
as the boost from higher energy prices fades and higher costs weigh on margins. However, risks to
earnings remain skewed to the upside given the strength of sectors benefiting from structural tailwinds,
including Technology, Industrials, Utilities and Financials. Europe continues to offer both value and
diversification. European equities trade on 14.6x P/E in line with the historical average. The STOXX 600
also offers healthier cash generation vs the S&P 500, with a FCF yield of 5.3% vs 3.6%, and below 2% for
US hyperscalers. Also, Europe benefits from lower market concentration, and low stock correlations
creating attractive diversification benefits.
Investors remain focused on three key risks:
• Higher bond yields remain a headwind, reflecting both a higher discount rate and growing fiscal
concerns. While yields may moderate as inflation eases, elevated rates are likely to limit further valuation
expansion, particularly for Real Estate, Healthcare and Consumer Staples.


[Page 3]
• Energy supply risks. Gas storage levels are low, while LNG supply remains vulnerable to disruptions in
Persian Gulf exports. We think the market is under-pricing the risk of high gas prices. Against this
backdrop, we favor Renewables.
• Political and fiscal uncertainty. France is entering a challenging environment ahead of the 2027
presidential election. Growth has recently disappointed, while the fiscal deficit has continued to
deteriorate. We therefore remain cautious on France and prefer German equities, which should benefit
from fiscal stimulus and improving economic activity.
We continue to favor a balanced mix of Cyclicals and Defensives. Our preferred exposures remain
Technology, Banks, Defense (GSSBDEFE), Telecoms and Renewables (GSSBRNEW), alongside the
HALO trade (GSSTCAPI vs. GSSTCAPL). We have Underweights in Autos, Chemicals, Travel & Leisure
and Healthcare, where growth is likely to remain subdued.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities / Global Investment Research, as of September 2026.
