[Page 1]
GS Duttenhoefer - Duttenhoefers Daily 4 Sep 2026
Johannes Duttenhoefer  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Equity Sales / Europe
Fri 4 Sep 2026, 2:01am ET
S&P +106bps @7748 (+13% ytd) driven by strong Mag7 performance (+2.5%; all 7 stocks higher);
dovish Waller comments (see below) did help equities; markets now pricing 52% probability of a Fed rate
hike in Sep (vs 66% on Wed); AI software again +5.3% vs Memory down -0.3%; Lululemon lost -18%
post market (guidance cut; consumer weakness); Nvidia acquired Hugging Face for $13bn; rates lower
with US 10yr at 4.76%; Brent $96, Gold $4474 and Bitcoin $81k; all eyes on today´s NFPs.
NFPs: we estimate +40k vs consensus of +55k; big data indicators of job growth slowed sequentially and
August payrolls have exhibited a consistent negative bias in initial prints over the last decade. Link
very interesting: “the bigger point is massive compression in cost/token. If unit prices keep collapsing,
consumption has to grow extraordinarily fast just to offset it (Silicon data Token index down -29% in
Aug). Add more inference moving toward cheaper/local hardware and I struggle with per token pricing as
a durable end state model. That matters for equities. More demand + lower prices is not automatically
bullish if pricing falls faster than consumption grows. Unless capability keeps making radical jumps
(looking at you, Astra), periods of compute oversupply become plausible. Beyond the repricing of credit
that helps explain why the space has been de-rating.”, thanks Privo.
Equities vs Credit: continue to prefer equity to credit; tight spreads, late-cycle re-leveraging and AI-related
debt issuance create headwinds for credit, while equities can still benefit from earnings growth and
potential valuation expansion. Link
real estate: we hosted 37 corporates including CEOs, real estate private equity and debt investors; capital
remains available for attractive opportunities, however hurdle rates have increased on the equity side; the
wall of refinancing for 2026 has gone well, with strong activity in the bond markets and several forms of
financing; expect funding requirements to potentially dramatically increase in Europe over the next few
years. Link
US inflation: 54% of goods and services in the PCE basket have recorded price increases of >3% over the
last 12 months which is the highest proportion in 3 years (vs 32% average in the 20 years before the 2020
pandemic); during the 2012-2019, this figure never materially exceeded 30%. (BBG)
(important) quote of the day: “recent data suggest we are finally seeing some signs of disinflation and if
this continues in the data due over the next two weeks, I would be inclined to support holding the target
for the federal funds rate at its current setting”, Fed Gov Christopher Waller. Link
worth listening: interesting podcast talking about the swarm of OpenAI agents that was tasked with
finding vulnerabilities in Hugging Face; agents demonstrated surprisingly autonomous behavior; broader
message is that AI capability may increasingly come from scaling agentic systems rather than just making
individual models smarter; this raises major questions around cybersecurity and control. Link


[Page 2]
OpenAI: launched GPT-6 Astra; calls it a “generational leap in capability” for areas like cybersecurity,
professional work, software engineering, science, and computer use. Link
EU equities: Europe trades at 14.5x P/E (slightly above the long-term average) but does not look
overpriced versus other risks assets; has healthy cash flow and trades on a FCF yield of 5.3% (vs. <2% for
the 10 largest US stocks); Overweights in Technology, Banks, Defence (GSSBDEFE), Telecoms and
Renewables (GSSBRNEW), and like the HALO trade (GSSTCAPI vs GSSTCAPL); we are Underweight
in areas where we think growth will continue to be sluggish: Autos, Chemicals, Travel & Leisure and
Healthcare. Link
private credit: investor sentiment toward the private credit asset class appears to have improved; sharp
rebound of global private credit fundraising in 2Q2026; covenant default rate in private credit also
improved in 2Q2026, and remains below the early 2023 levels. Link
weekend read: our Humanoid Robots deep dive; there have been rapid advancements in physical AI, open-
source tools, and rising global funding for these efforts; we examine how the landscape for physical AI has
evolved across hardware, software, and semiconductors; we are raising our humanoid robot market
forecast; global market is now projected to reach approximately 890k units by 2030 and 6.5m units by
2035 ($138bn market); Logistics and warehouse operations serve as the primary early adopters;
Automakers are actively exploring humanoids to mitigate labor challenges; details here: Link
Chart of the day: US FCF yield has been weighed down by capex spending recently, whereas Europe is at
average. Link


[Page 3]
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs; past performance is no indicator for future performance.
