[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 4 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  US Equity Sales
Fri 4 Sep 2026, 2:07am ET
Stat of the Day
September seasonality tends to be poor (-1.34% avg performance over the last 10 years // worst month for
stocks over that period)
Chart of the day
Macro & Industry Highlights
NFPs Preview - We estimate nonfarm payrolls rose by 40k in August, somewhat below consensus of +55k.
On the negative side, big data indicators of job growth slowed sequentially. Additionally, August payrolls
have exhibited a consistent negative bias in initial prints over the last decade. On the positive side, layoffs
remain low and there is potential scope for rebounds in employment in leisure and hospitality and local
educational payrolls after large declines over the past couple of months. We estimate that the
unemployment rate was unchanged on a rounded basis at 4.1% (in line with consensus), reflecting the
stabilization in continuing claims. We forecast a 0.4% month-over-month increase in average hourly
earnings, above consensus, reflecting positive calendar effects.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
Lululemon - LULU delivered a materially weaker 2Q result and significantly lowered FY guidance.
Management outlined a worsening trend across key business segments in 2Q and indicated August has
gotten off to a slow start, with traffic deteriorating and key initiatives providing less benefit vs. previously
planned. While investor expectations were muted into the print, China trends slowed significantly faster
than expected with 2Q comps reported at -8% vs. +13% in F1Q. North America remains a critical area of


[Page 2]
pressure, and while 2Q results were modestly better than expected, the outperformance was primarily due
to higher markdowns – here, management is guiding for another sequential step-down in trend in 3Q.
While LULU continues to invest in product and marketing initiatives, the company indicated that the
responses to product launches have been inconsistent and that core businesses such as leggings declined
-20% Y/Y in 2Q, more than offsetting growth in away-from-body silhouettes. Similarly, marketing spend
remains a critical focus area, but management acknowledged recent efforts have not translated into better
sales.
Tyson Foods - Earlier today, TSN provided a business update and lowered its FY26 EBIT outlook by -11%
at the midpoint to $1.85-$2.05bn (vs $2.1-$2.3bn prior), largely driven by a reduction in its beef segment
with margin compression from volatile cattle prices amid cattle shortages, along with softer trends for its
chicken and pork segments. Despite near-term headwinds in beef, recent restructuring efforts and the
update to its inventory given lower cattle prices should support a sequential improvement for that segment
next year. However, we came away from today's update more cautious on the outlook for FY27 given
incremental headwinds in chicken.
Snowflake - Snowflake is up 21% after reporting 2QFY results. 2Q product revenue was 5% above the
Street and EBIT margins 270bps above; updated FY27 product revenue guidance is 4% above the Street
and EBIT margins 100bps above (FactSet). Guidance now implies growth will accelerate to 36% in FY27
(from 31% previously, and 29% in FY26), with 4Q exit rate at 35% (vs. Street at 29%). Despite the high
bar into the print (+37% post 1Q print and +30% since 1Q; and trading at 17x NTM EV/Sales), we believe
the stock reaction reflects the likelihood of numbers moving higher not just today, but over the next 18
months as well. We maintain our Buy rating as we view Snowflake as a key beneficiary of both AI-driven
cloud migration and new AI use cases enabled by products such as Snowflake Intelligence and CoCo.
Market Update
US equities were higher on Thursday, ending near session highs, with gains largely linked to the
stabilization in rates following commentary from Fed Governor Waller supportive of a hold in Sept should
data prove benign: SPX +106bps to 7747, NDX +116bps to 29,482, RTY +51bps to 2968. 8 of 11 sectors
posted gains, with strength across the board, modestly offset by weakness in Energy -72bps, Materials
-46bps, and Consumer Staples -3bps. Software vs Semis (GSPUSOSE, +257bps) outperformed, with AI
Software (GSTMTAIS, +536bps) posting strong gains (2sigma move higher), while AI Semis
(GSCBSMHX, +25bps) underperformed following AVGO -2.7% earnings.
CALENDAR
13:30 UKT Nonfarm payroll employment, August (GS +40k, consensus +55k, last -23k)
Earnings:
Pre: /
Post: KT
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, published 4 Sep 2026.
