[Page 1]
Article | 14 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  14 September 2026
  RATES SPARK
Rates Spark: Gimme five
We ve had a brief look at 5% on the 10yr yield. Now we wait for the
Fed. Logic would suggest that a rate hike should calm the back end.
However, the back end is super flighty. Delivery of a 25bp hike in a way
validates what the back end has been doing in the past number of
months, and in that sense could just as easily be an excuse to break
back above 5%, and keep on going
Now that the UST 10yr yield has touched 5%, the question for markets is whether it makes a journey to
6%
The good (productivity) the bad (issuance pressure) and the
ugly (Iran war and inflation)
Chair Warsh will be very aware that the 10yr Treasury yield is looking for an excuse to mark at
5% again. A 25bp hike could or should help. That said, whether the Fed hikes or not, the 10yr
yield is liable to test 5% again. It’s up there mostly on account of higher real yields, in fact.
There is not much the Fed can do about that, to the extent that it reflects productivity growth
expectations (the good), wider issuance pressure (the bad), or the evolution of the Iran war’s
effect on oil prices (the ugly).


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 14 September 2026
2
There has been a lot of market talk that a break above 5% on the US 10yr yield would be
pivotal, and would generate macro and debt dynamic pressures. But there is nothing mythical
about 5%. We view it as no more than a 50bp concession on top of the neutral value zone of
4% to 4.5%. It does, of course, pressure mortgage and other funding rates higher, which
presents macro pressure. And debt dynamics worsen to the extent that the Treasury
continues to finance in long dates. But beyond that, the difference between 4.9% and 5% in
terms of impact is practically zero.
The real issue is what happens next. We can all count, and the next number after 5 is indeed 6.
The big question for markets is whether we now journey towards 6% for the 10yr yield. We
note here that, should we journey from 5% to 6%, it would not necessarily have to be
catastrophic. That's not to suggest it would be market positive; absolutely not. And speed
matters a lot. Shooting for 6% in the next month or so would likely be quite damaging.
Something more gradual stretching over, say, six months, could be open to a less dramatic
market reaction. 
We're not calling for 6% per se. Just mulling it for now. There should also be some dampening
of any such move, as long-term value players look to at least begin the process of averaging
in. Maybe not for near-term positive mark-to-market, but to reflect the reality that tops in
yields are tough to pinpoint. Also, this can all be tamed by cooling inflation (we call for that in
2027) and a subsequent build in the discount for a rate cut (we expect that in 2027). But for
now, we're running a dangerous gauntlet, making the rest of 2026 potentially quite tough.
Nervous markets can trigger big moves
Wider markets are increasingly challenged to keep it all together. Equities are still holding up,
but VIX as a risk gauge has clearly moved away from earlier lows. Also, implied rate volatility
measures are showing a spike and reaching levels last seen in April.
Markets are clearly getting nervous, which means any setback can trigger material moves. So
far, growth data has held up well, which has enabled a significant repricing of central bank
reaction functions. Together with record-high equities, downside economic risks seem to have
moved to the background. But with oil jumping higher every day and European gas trading
well beyond previous highs, we see plenty of risks ahead.
Real rates have risen significantly since earlier this year, which offers a buffer for bondholders
in a downturn. In theory, real rates could come down even if energy prices keep rising. So far,
this has not been the case, however. Positive economic surprises and concerns about high
issuance have helped real rates higher. But an economic downturn could quickly turn this
narrative and pull rates lower alongside.


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 14 September 2026
3
Tuesday’s events and market views
Oil still drives market dynamics, but data could become one factor determining the
feed through to the long end as economic knock-on effects are eyed. Following the UK
jobs data, the main focus in Europe will be Germany’s ZEW indicator. Here the
consensus is looking for a less negative reading on the current situation and a more
upbeat reading on the expectations component. European Central Bank speakers
scheduled for Tuesday are Vujcic, Moulin, Escriva and Cipollone. Isabel Schnabel will
rehash her slides from Monday at a dinner event with the SPD economic forum.   
US data today is limited to the Empire manufacturing index and ADP weekly payrolls'
data.
In primary markets, Germany will auction 2y bonds (€5bn) and Finland will auction 6y
and 10y bonds (€1.5bn). In the broader Sovereign, Supranational, and Agency market,
the EU will sell a new 3y and a new 30y benchmark via syndication. In the US, the
Treasury will auction 20y bonds (US$13bn).
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com
Michiel Tukker
Senior UK & Eurozone Rates Strategist
michiel.tukker@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 14 September 2026
4
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
