[Page 1]
DB CoTD: Yields after the start of a hiking cycle…. 
 
My new chartbook is on the Deutsche Bank Research Institute site here, where it is open to all. Titled " The 
Home Straight ", it examines the key market themes as we enter the final stretch of the year.  
What have 2004, 2015, 2022 and now likely 2026 got in common? They are the only years this century that 
have seen the start of a US rate hiking cycle. The only caveat being whether a rate hike actually happens and, 
if so, whether it marks the start of a cycle or proves to be a “one and done”. Our economists now expect 
three hikes (this week, December, and March – see their FOMC preview here), which I think just about 
qualifies as a hiking cycle. While there were a few one-off hikes in the 1980s and 1990s, outside of this, the 
shortest cycle on record remains the four hikes of 1986-87. So three would be historically short, but it would 
still count as a cycle. 
Given how topical the rates market is at the moment, we thought we'd look at what happens to 10yr USTs 
around the start of a hiking cycle. Today's two charts show the average move across all hiking cycles since 
the early 1960s, while the second breaks down each of the twelve previous cycles individually. 
 
Interestingly, the average move in 10yr UST yields one year after the start of a hiking cycle is around +114bps. 
Of perhaps greater interest is that only one cycle, namely 2004, saw yields fall at any point (beyond the odd 
few basis points) during the first year. 
That suggests that, based on historical probabilities, yields are more likely than not to rise over the coming 
year. 
However, if this proves to be only a 75bps hiking cycle, it would be far smaller than the average cumulative 
increase of +480bps across all these cycles (with a median of around +310bps). The smallest cycle so far 
was the 137.5bps increase across the four hikes in 1986-87. 
Every cycle is different and this may end up being a baby cycle by historical standards. That said, it is rare for 
a hiking cycle not to bring higher yields over the following year. If you're looking for some offset to that, the 
average move for 10yr USTs is +114bps over that period despite most historical cycles being considerably 


[Page 2]
more aggressive than this one is expected to be. Moreover, the starting level of yields means the 10yr could 
rise around +70bps in the next year before total returns become negative. In addition, yields have climbed 
more into this first hike than prior to most other cycles. 
So it’s not usually a positive for rates when the Fed hikes but there are some reasons why this cycle might be 
better than many others for yields. 
 
