[Page 1]
Saudi pipeline outage threatens loss of 4% of global oil supply 
Saudi Arabia will run out of oil stocks for exports if it doesn't restart its major pipeline to the Red Sea within days, leading 
to a loss of up to 4% of global supply, Saudi oil buyers and traders said. A further decline in Saudi flows will worsen the 
global supply crunch, which has already pushed global fuel prices to record highs, spurred inflation around the world and 
sent U.S. bond yields to the highest levels since the 2008 financial crisis. Since drone attacks forced Saudi Arabia to 
shut its huge east-west oil pipeline on Friday, Riyadh has not given full details about the extent of the damage or how 
long the route will stay off-line. Sources that spoke to Reuters gave varying estimates, with one saying the damage 
could take as long as five to six weeks to repair, while another said it could be fixed sooner and could resume pumping 
partially while repairs are ongoing. Saudi Arabia's government media office and energy ministry did not immediately 
respond to requests for comment. For the past six months, the pipeline running through the desert across the Arabian 
Peninsula has spared Saudi Arabia from the brunt of the impact of the wartime shutdown of the Strait of Hormuz that 
has crippled exports from its neighbours. The world's biggest exporter has used the pipeline to reroute around 4 million 
barrels per day — around 4% of global supply — to the port of Yanbu on the Red Sea. But with the pipeline out of 
service, Yanbu now has stocks to maintain exports for just five to seven days, according to three industry sources 
familiar with Saudi exports. Saudi Arabia also has stocks to supply customers for several days from Egypt's ports of Ain 
Sukhna on the Red Sea and Sidi Kerir on the Mediterranean, a fourth source said. Yanbu storage capacity stands at 
around 35 million barrels, according to industry estimates, with Ain Sukhna and Sidi Kerir able to store 18 million and 20 
million barrels respectively. Stocks are not full and will ultimately run out without the east-west pipeline resuming 
operations, the four sources said. Saudi oil supply has already fallen to a more than three-decade low in August on 
reduced flows via Hormuz and the Red Sea, the International Energy Agency said on Friday.  World oil supply will 
decline this year by 5.7 million bpd, or about 6%, the IEA, which coordinates Western energy policies, said.  In addition 
to the attack on the pipeline, Houthi fighters in Yemen who have threatened Saudi oil shipments seized an island on 
Friday in the mouth of the Red Sea. The Middle East supplied around 22 million barrels per day of oil before the war. 
Flows through the Strait of Hormuz have slowed to just 6 million to 9 million bpd, industry sources say. Saudi Arabia told 
OPEC last week that its oil production had dropped to just 6.2 million bpd in August from 10.9 million bpd in February 
before the start of the war. 
 
REUTERS OPEN INTEREST-Oil markets survived the Iran war sprint. Now comes the marathon 
The widening of the Mideast conflict into Yemen and drone strikes on a critical Saudi oil pipeline highlight an 
uncomfortable reality: the Iran war is no longer a short-lived energy supply shock, but a prolonged, unpredictable test of 
global economic endurance. With crude oil back above $100 a barrel, markets are adjusting to a new and more volatile 
phase of the conflict, one in which many of the safeguards that cushioned the initial blow nearly seven months ago have 
disappeared. U.S. President Donald Trump predicted last week that the conflict would end only after the U.S. midterm 
elections on November 3. This is a notable shift in tone from an administration that initially suggested the war would last 
weeks, not months. Whether this new forecast proves correct is impossible to know, but recent developments at two of 
the world’s most important energy arteries suggest it may be very optimistic. 
 
THE GATE OF TEARS 
Yemen's Iran-aligned Houthis have made rapid advances over the past week, tightening their grip on the Bab el-Mandeb 
Strait at the southern entrance to the Red Sea. The group announced a naval blockade of the shipping route in July and 
has reiterated that transit remains safe for all vessels except those belonging to Saudi Arabia. At the same time, Saudi 
Arabia's vital East-West oil pipeline, the kingdom's main alternative to the Strait of Hormuz, was temporarily shut after a 
series of drone attacks launched from Iraq, according to Saudi authorities. The 1,200-kilometre (745-mile) pipeline has 
been critical for the kingdom since the Strait of Hormuz began to be disrupted following the outbreak of the war in 
February. By more than doubling west coast exports via the pipeline during the first five months of the conflict to 4 
million to 5 million barrels per day (bpd), equal to roughly 4% to 5% of global oil supply, Saudi Arabia was able to offset 
a significant portion of the losses through Hormuz. Yet those shipments fell to just 2 million bpd in August, the lowest 
since January, largely because of the Houthi blockade, according to Kpler data. In turn, output from what was once the 
world's largest oil exporter fell to 6 million bpd in August, the lowest level in more than three decades, according to the 
International Energy Agency (IEA). Satellite imagery suggests that at least one pumping station was struck, although the 
full extent of the damage and the timeline for repairs remain unclear. Saudi Arabia will also likely be able to draw on 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 


[Page 2]
stored crude to offset any interruption in pipeline flows for several days. But this escalation comes at a dangerous 
moment. 
 
RUNNING DRY 
Disruption to Middle East oil exports, which accounted for around a fifth of global supplies before the war, has sharply 
eroded global stocks. Inventories have fallen by 507 million barrels, or roughly 2.8 million bpd, since the conflict began, 
according to the IEA. It's true that more crude has been exiting Hormuz in recent months compared to the early months 
of the war, largely because more vessels have been using a route along Oman’s coast under U.S. Navy supervision. 
Around 5 million bpd of crude oil and refined products have been exported through the strait since June, around a 
quarter of pre-war levels, according to Kpler, though the real figure may be higher because many ships switch off their 
navigation systems during transit. Iranian strikes on over a dozen tankers attempting to cross Hormuz or inside the Gulf 
last week were a reminder that transits remain risky. Regardless, this status quo is unsustainable. The Middle East 
remains the most important energy-producing region in the world. Halving crude exports from the Gulf may be 
manageable for a few months, but certainly not indefinitely. Moreover, refined products like diesel, gasoline and jet fuel 
have fared considerably worse than crude, with exports from the region remaining nearly 60% below pre-war levels, 
according to IEA estimates. This has led to acute fuel shortages, particularly of diesel, pushing prices to record levels. 
Further disruption to Saudi Arabia's Red Sea exports would put additional pressure on global inventories. This latest 
flare-up could also cause ship traffic through Hormuz to shrink once again. Tanker operators remain reluctant to enter 
conflict zones, freight and insurance costs have surged to all-time highs and naval escorts can only partially mitigate the 
risks of operating in a war zone. 
 
A DIFFERENT TONE 
The question now is just how long these market dynamics can hold. Iran's leadership views the conflict as existential 
and has every reason to maximise economic pressure on both the U.S. and the wider global economy ahead of any 
eventual negotiations. At the same time, Washington's increasingly stringent blockade of Iranian oil exports is inflicting 
severe damage on the Islamic Republic's economy, raising the costs of extending the confrontation indefinitely. The 
Houthi advances and attacks on Saudi infrastructure may temporarily shift momentum back toward Tehran. Those 
competing pressures could eventually bring both sides closer to the negotiating table. Equally, they could encourage 
each camp to keep fighting in the hope that economic or military gains will strengthen its bargaining position. For nearly 
seven months, markets assumed Trump would find an off-ramp once rising gasoline prices and political costs became 
too painful. But that outcome depended on Tehran being willing to cooperate. So far, it has shown little interest in doing 
so. U.S. policymakers and traders may have become accustomed to a conflict that appears manageable. But if the war 
drags on for many more months, as Trump now suggests it might, the risk is that new disruption would find the market 
with far fewer shock absorbers. 
 
EXCLUSIVE-Coffee traders' big shipments are set to boost exchange stocks and weigh on prices 
Traders are planning to deliver significant volumes of arabica coffee from the world's biggest producer Brazil to ICE 
exchange warehouses, where stocks have sunk to 26-year lows and driven up prices, dealers, brokers and analysts with 
knowledge of the matter said. The arabica coffee contract run by ICE Futures U.S., which acts as a global benchmark 
for pricing coffee, hit a six-month high in July above $3.5 per lb. It has stayed close to that level despite market 
expectations of a substantial surplus in the 2026/27 season. Industry analysts say the main reason for the sustained 
high prices, still around $3 per lb, is the low level of ICE arabica stocks, about 70% of which are held in Antwerp, 
Belgium. The shipments from Brazil have the potential to more than double ICE certified stocks, which have a major 
influence on prices as a clear measure of how much surplus coffee is available for delivery to the exchange. Many 
algorithm-driven funds are programmed to sell automatically when exchange stocks rise and to buy when they fall.  
 
HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF BAGS COULD BE ON THE WAY  
Two sources said trade major Olam is seeking to certify 150,000-200,000 bags at the exchange in time for delivery 
against the December futures contract. Louis Dreyfus Company, another trade major, is attempting to do the same, said 
a third source.  LDC and Olam declined to comment. The sources declined to be named because they were not 
authorised to speak publicly. Following harvest delays and problems linked to extreme weather, ICE certified stocks 
have fallen to under 220,000 bags compared with a range of between 1 million and 5 million bags from the mid-2000s 
until early 2022. The 300,000 or so bags of expected deliveries would not increase stocks to the 1-million-bag level that 
traders consider comfortable. They are, however, expected to weigh on prices, a fourth source at an agri-commodities 
trade major said. 
Top News - Agriculture 


[Page 3]
SHIPMENTS TO BELGIUM ARE A GAUGE OF OVERALL SUPPLIES 
Traders and industry analysts tend to view higher-than-usual shipments to Belgium as a signal that excess supplies — 
over and above roaster needs — are headed for the exchange.  An analyst at a coffee trade major estimated that about 
150,000 bags of arabica out of the total August coffee shipments from Brazil are surplus to average roaster needs and 
so likely to head for the exchange. More shipments are due in September, he said. Brazil's coffee exports to Belgium 
rose 245.3% year-on-year in August to 31,500 metric tons, or more than 525,000 60kg bags, according to government 
data analysed by Brazilian broker Terra Investimentos. Already, more than 62,000 bags of Brazilian coffee have arrived 
at exchange depots and await grading or quality controls so they can be certified as tradable against ICE December 
futures, exchange data shows. It is unclear what proportion will successfully pass the checks. The ICE exchange 
functions in part as a market of last resort, or guaranteed buyer of excess coffee, so any sign its stockpiles are rising can 
prompt investors to bet on price falls.  
 
US declares end of largest recorded cyclosporiasis outbreak 
U.S. health authorities on Friday declared the nation's largest recorded multistate cyclosporiasis outbreak over, after 
contaminated iceberg lettuce sickened thousands, though the FDA said it was still probing how the parasite entered the 
food supply. The outbreak, which federal investigators linked to lettuce from central Mexico sourced by Taylor Farms, 
prompted one of the largest food recalls in recent years and renewed scrutiny of food-safety controls for imported 
produce.  It also rattled consumer confidence, with some shoppers avoiding raw fruits and vegetables as well as dining 
out, hurting foot traffic at restaurants such as Taco Bell, Sweetgreen and Chipotle. According to data from the Centers 
for Disease Control and Prevention, 12,883 people across 21 states fell ill after consuming contaminated lettuce. The 
outbreak resulted in 570 hospitalizations and two deaths, and accounted for more than half of the 19,595 laboratory-
confirmed U.S. cyclosporiasis cases reported since May 1. At the peak of the outbreak, before the recall, more than 
1,000 infections were reported in a single day. In August, the CDC said, infections had fallen to fewer than two per day 
on average. "I don't think that we have the necessary tools and technologies to stop outbreaks like this in the future," 
said Donald Schaffner, professor and extension specialist in food science at Rutgers University. Schaffner called for 
better strain-tracking tools and sustained funding for parasite research to prevent such outbreaks. The FDA said on 
Friday it was confident that all recalled iceberg lettuce linked to the outbreak is off the market. The CDC said best-by 
dates for all products linked to the outbreak have passed, and the lettuce would no longer be available in stores or 
restaurants. Taylor Farms recalled all iceberg lettuce sourced from central Mexico on July 17. The FDA also said it had 
completed on-site inspections and collected samples from lettuce farms and the processing facility in Mexico, with 
analysis pending, and will continue working with U.S., Mexican and state partners. "Our facility in central Mexico remains 
closed while the investigations by the FDA, our team, and independent experts are being completed," a Taylor Farms 
spokesperson told Reuters. Retailers Walmart, Whole Foods and restaurant chains Taco Bell (Yum Brands), Chipotle 
Mexican Grill and Sweetgreen did not respond to Reuters requests for comment. Target declined to comment. Michigan, 
the state hardest hit by the outbreak, reported more than 14,000 cases and two deaths linked to the parasite, according 
to federal and state health officials. Ohio and Missouri also saw thousands of infections tied to contaminated lettuce from 
Taylor Farms. Unusually high case totals from Michigan were attributed to a large backlog of reports processed in 
August, highlighting the strain on a system weakened by federal funding cuts under the Trump administration. Before 
2026, the largest U.S. cyclosporiasis season on record was reported in 2019, when roughly 4,700 illnesses were 
documented nationwide. 
 
EXCLUSIVE-Mizuho $100 million credit to Radiant World was secured by allegedly invalid invoices, documents 
show 
Mizuho Bank provided some $100 million in credit to Radiant World in June which was secured by invoices that a 
counterparty to the iron ore trader later said were invalid, according to documents and a source with direct knowledge of 
the matter. Radiant World did not respond to Reuters requests for comment on Friday. Details of the credit provided by 
Mizuho, the banking arm of Japan's Mizuho Financial Group, have not previously been reported. A Mizuho 
spokesperson said it had no comment. The Mizuho financing was secured against invoices which purported to be for 
Radiant World iron ore sales to Glencore, correspondence seen by Reuters shows. However, Glencore told Mizuho in 
early August that it did not recognise the invoices, the documents show. Glencore, which had been a major counterparty 
to Radiant World, said in early August it had booked a provision on its exposure to it and on Friday said it had "stopped 
all business and exited all obligations" with the company. "Glencore has incurred losses and been exposed to risks by 
Radiant's actions and will take appropriate action," a Glencore spokesperson said, without elaborating. Radiant World 
said in a July 31 statement that allegations it supplied invalid invoices to raise funding were "inaccurate and 
unsubstantiated" and it continued to operate normally. Singapore's police force said last month that it was investigating 
Top News - Metals 


[Page 4]
Radiant World after receiving reports about the company, without giving further details. Little-known beyond commodity 
markets, the company founded by Pinkesh Nahar in 2003 has risen to become one of the world's largest iron ore 
traders. Radiant World says it traded more than 80 million metric tons of the steel raw material last year.  
 
REUTERS OPEN INTEREST-How obscure yttrium became a global flashpoint: Andy Home 
If you want an insight into the state of the world right now, it's worth taking a look at yttrium. This obscure member of the 
rare earths family is going to be high on the agenda when China's President Xi Jinping meets with U.S. President 
Donald Trump later this month in Washington. The U.S. needs yttrium and China is the world's dominant supplier, just 
as it is across the critical minerals spectrum. China didn't send any yttrium to the U.S. over the middle of last year, and 
deliveries have since been highly sporadic. The resulting shortage has roiled aerospace, energy and semiconductor 
sectors, revealing the extent to which little-known elements of the periodic table have seeped into modern 
manufacturing. Yttrium's criticality renders it a powerful weapon in China's trade negotiation arsenal. It can also become 
a means of punishment, as Japan is finding out.  
 
DARK METAL 
Yttrium is a metallic curiosity. It's not technically a rare earth element, but is always found with them. Indeed, its 
discovery near the Swedish village of Ytterby in the 18th century was the first step in unlocking the secrets of the rare 
earths universe. Today, yttrium's usage ranges from screen displays to semiconductors to lasers. But its core criticality 
comes from its application in thermal barrier coatings to protect jet engines from extreme heat. Hard figures about 
market size are few and far between. Even the U.S. Geological Survey, normally the bible of metallic information, isn't 
sure how much yttrium comes out of the ground. It estimates that global mine production last year was somewhere 
between 10,000 and 15,000 metric tons. Just about all the world's yttrium comes from China, and the authorities don't 
disclose any public information about mining or separation production quotas. 
 
DRIP FEED 
What we do know is that China imposed export controls on yttrium along with six other rare earths in April last year, 
causing overseas shipments to grind to a halt.  The U.S. received none at all until October, when the tap was turned 
back on ahead of a meeting between Xi and Trump in the South Korean city of Busan. Beijing agreed to defer by a year 
even tougher restrictions on rare earths and magnets but kept the original controls on yttrium in place. These require 
exporters to prove the metal will be used only for civilian purposes, transforming yttrium into a precision weapon for 
deployment against specific trade partners and Western companies. Despite what Trump hailed as an "amazing" 
summit, the flow of yttrium dried up again after the October meeting. By February, an acute shortage was causing 
production stoppages along the U.S. coating supply chain. China made a bumper 60-ton shipment of yttrium oxide to the 
U.S. in March after what seems to have been a direct intervention by the White House on behalf of a major U.S. 
company that was struggling to secure an export licence. A couple of months later, U.S. Trade Representative Jamieson 
 Greer lamented the slow pace of Chinese yttrium exports and admitted, "There are times when we have to go and make 
our point." Despite another summit in May, after which Beijing said it would work with the U.S. to address "reasonable" 
concerns about rare earth shipments, the export tap was turned off again until July, when 29 tons were shipped. It's 
clear that Beijing is using yttrium as a pressure point in its broader trade standoff with the U.S., drip-feeding enough 
supply to avoid a full-on confrontation but not enough to alleviate supply-chain stresses.  
 
PUNISHMENT 
Japan has hardly received any yttrium since November, when Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi enraged Beijing with 
comments about defending Taiwan. Supplies of other critical metals such as gallium, terbium and dysprosium have also 
been cut off in what looks like a repeat of 2010, when China restricted rare earth exports after a diplomatic spat with 
Japan over disputed islands in the East China Sea. Since then Japan has diversified its supply chain and stockpiled rare 
earths, but remains highly dependent on China. What is in effect an unofficial embargo is starting to take a toll on 
corporate Japan, with multiple Japanese companies warning about the impact in their filings to the Tokyo Stock 
Exchange. Prior to this year, rare earths typically got fewer than 40 mentions per month as a cause of concern. But in 
May and June, more than two-thirds of nearly 200 filings that mentioned rare earths said export controls were affecting 
their business negatively or could do so in the future. 
 
CARROT OR STICK? 
Will Europe get the yttrium carrot or the yttrium stick? Much depends on how aggressively it tackles its widening trade 
gap with China. European Trade Commissioner Maros Sefcovic has called for China to commit to tackling the issue by 
October "or there will be huge political pressure to look for other solutions." Sefcovic also wants talks on, you guessed it, 
China's critical mineral export controls. Yttrium will almost certainly feature. This obscure metal now sits at the heart of 
global politics and it's going to remain there as long as Beijing controls its supply to everyone else. 


[Page 5]
Russian nuclear head says Ukraine attacked fuel trucks, endangered Zaporizhzhia plant 
The head of Russia's state nuclear energy corporation accused Ukraine on Sunday of attacking diesel fuel trucks, killing 
two Russian servicemen and deliberately jeopardising safety at the Russian-held Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in 
Ukraine. Alexei Likhachev said the attack took place on Friday and also resulted in injuries to other Russian soldiers. 
The Zaporizhzhia plant, Europe's largest with six reactors, was seized by Russian forces in the early weeks of the 
Ukraine war that broke out in February 2022. Each side has regularly accused the other of actions that endanger safety 
at the plant and increase the risk of a nuclear accident. Likhachev issued a statement saying Ukrainian forces had 
launched "a series of combined strikes" on Friday on fuel trucks which deliver diesel to the station. "The strikes hit very 
close to the perimeter of the station's site," he said. "Two servicemen were killed, and a large number of Russian 
soldiers were injured, some seriously. They were all involved in supporting this purely civilian mission." Fuel is critically 
important for the plant as diesel generators provide power to keep nuclear fuel in the reactors cool when the plant's two 
external power links are down. Both were down for nearly three weeks in August and September. Ukraine has 
demanded that Russia abandon the station and hand its operation back to Kyiv, a demand rejected by Moscow. The fuel 
currently generates no electricity. The U.N. nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency, has stationed an 
observer team permanently at the station, along with Ukraine's three other working plants. The agency has repeatedly 
acted as an intermediary when disputes arise and last month helped arrange a local ceasefire in order to carry out 
repairs and restore external power links. 
 
GLOBAL LNG-Asia spot prices at highest level since Dec-2022 on Middle East escalation 
Asian spot liquefied natural gas prices hit their highest level since end-December 2022 as an escalation of the conflict in 
the Middle East, high European gas prices and strong demand ahead of winter increased competition for the limited 
supply. The average price for October delivery into north-east Asia was estimated at $26.00 per million British thermal 
units (mmBtu), up from $25.70/mmBtu last week. Attacks on ships in the Middle East in recent days meant "very little 
LNG was able to make its way out of the Gulf," said Klaas Dozeman, market analyst at Brainchild Commodity 
Intelligence. "It means that several South-Asian countries have no other choice than to bid for spot cargoes for 
extremely unpleasant prices," he added. Prices are expected to remain supported next week, as renewed Strait of 
Hormuz escalation, rising TTF, and firmer winter procurement interest increase competition for supply, said Ronald 
Pinto, gas research principal analyst at Kpler. "Bangladesh buying, stronger Indian demand, and resilient Southeast 
Asian gas burn add further support, partly offset by softer immediate demand from Japan and limited discretionary 
Chinese buying at elevated prices," he added. Bangladesh and South Korea were the main Asian buyers of spot 
cargoes over the past week, with Kogas buying around 14 to 20 cargoes for November to January delivery, and 
Bangladesh buying 20 cargoes over October to June. This adds to spot tenders from Vietnam, Thailand and India, said 
Martin Senior, head of LNG pricing at Argus. In Europe, gas prices hovered slightly above €80, after hitting their highest 
intraday levels since late December 2022 in the past two days. "This exemplifies the tight global LNG market with the 
Strait of Hormuz closed, and how sudden demand changes in Asia can send European prices soaring higher," Argus' 
Senior said. The bullish momentum is likely to extend into next week, as ongoing planned maintenance in Algeria, 
Norway, and the Belgian-UK interconnector will continue to restrict pipeline supply into the EU, while LNG imports are 
expected to edge lower amid emerging competition from Asia and the Americas, Kpler's Pinto said. EU storage levels 
are uncomfortably low ahead of winter, leaving European gas and LNG prices highly sensitive to geopolitical 
developments and potential supply disruptions, said Aly Blakeway, head of Atlantic LNG at S&P Global Energy. S&P 
Global Energy assessed its daily Northwest Europe LNG price benchmark for cargoes delivered in October on an ex-
ship basis at $27.490/mmBtu on Thursday, a $0.47/mmBtu discount to the front-month price at the Dutch TTF gas hub. 
Spark Commodities assessed the price at $27.445/mmBtu, while Argus assessed it at $27.420/mmBtu. In LNG freight, 
Atlantic rates rose to $20,000/day. Pacific rates steadied at $24,000/day, said Spark Commodities analyst Qasim 
Afghan. U.S. Gulf Coast prompt cargoes are currently priced at $26.367/mmBtu. The U.S. front-month arbitrage to north
-east Asia via the Cape of Good Hope is still firmly pointing to Europe, while the arbitrage via Panama remains firmly 
open to Asia, Afghan said. 
 
Russia's seaborne grain exports drop 62% in August due to ports disruption, data shows 
Russia's seaborne grain exports fell by 61.9% year-on-year in August to 2.0 million metric tons, mainly due to a decline 
in shipments through the Azov-Black Sea basin, according to shipping data from industry sources released on Friday. 
Russia and Ukraine have sharply escalated attacks on each other's shipping in recent weeks. Following drone strikes, 
Top News - Carbon & Power 
Top News - Dry Freight  


[Page 6]
Russian authorities suspended navigation in the Sea of Azov in early July, while an August 12 attack halted loading 
operations at key terminals at Novorossiysk, Russia's largest Black Sea port. As a result, seaborne grain exports in the 
first two months of the 2026/27 season fell by nearly half to 4.2 million tons from 8.0 million tons in July-August of the 
previous season. Exports via Azov and Black Sea ports declined by 73.1% year-on-year in August to 1.3 million tons, 
the data showed. Russian grain exporters are seeking alternative routes, including Baltic ports, but capacity at Russia's 
northwestern terminals remains limited. Grain exports via the Baltic basin rose only to 276,300 tons in August, according 
to the data. In the previous season, grain trans-shipment through Russia's Azov-Black Sea ports amounted to 46.3 
million tons out of total seaborne exports of 52.7 million tons, or nearly 90%. Shipments via the Caspian Sea, a route 
primarily serving Iran, increased by 13.4% year-on-year to 311,700 tons in August, while exports through Far East ports 
more than doubled to 87,000 tons. 
 
Argentina soybean sales speed up as prices rise on China demand, US crop concerns 
Argentine soybean sales are gaining pace as farmers move to lock in prices after a sharp rally fueled by strong Chinese 
demand for supplies and mounting concerns over the U.S. crop, the Rosario grains exchange said in a report on Friday. 
The exchange said 1.03 million metric tons of 2025/26 soybeans were traded in the week to September 2, the largest 
weekly volume since late July. The exchange said the rally has been supported by firmer oil prices linked to U.S.-Iran 
tensions, deteriorating U.S. crop conditions and, above all, robust Chinese demand for U.S. soybeans. That demand 
has taken on added importance ahead of a closely watched meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and 
Chinese President Xi Jinping, where any tariff relief could help keep Chinese purchases of U.S. soy flowing until fresh 
Southern Hemisphere supplies return in January. Brazil, meanwhile, has limited room to sharply increase soybean sales 
to China in the fourth quarter because of demand from other buyers and strong domestic crushing. Rosario said Brazil 
shipped 64.7 million tons of soybeans from January through August 2026, with 70% going to China. That was the lowest 
share since 2022 and down from 76% in 2025, a sign that Chinese buying has become less concentrated on Brazilian 
supplies than in recent years. 
 
 
 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Ahona Sengupta in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
