[Page 1]
Weekly Commentary with Professor Jeremy J. Siegel 
 
Higher Inflation Tests Fed and Markets 
9/14/2026 
 
The latest inflation report crossed an important threshold for the Federal Reserve. Core CPI rose 0.3% for the month 
but that was enough to push futures-market expectations for a rate increase to around 90% last Friday morning. 
Combined with continued credit expansion, a strong labor market and higher market interest rates, I believe the Fed is 
likely to raise the federal funds rate by 25 basis points at this week’s meeting.  
This will be the most difficult decision Kevin Warsh has faced since becoming Fed chair. President Trump has made 
clear that he wants lower rates, but the Fed cannot allow political pressure to undermine its inflation-fighting 
credibility. The market itself is sending a powerful signal. The two-year Treasury yield is roughly 100 basis points above 
the federal funds rate, and both the two-year and ten-year yield curves suggest that short-term rates should be higher. 
Credit expansion is also running well above a pace consistent with 2% inflation, particularly relevant because Warsh 
specifically identified credit growth as an important indicator that he is watching at his Jackson Hole speech. 
I would expect a 25-basis-point increase, not 50. In fact, I believe the greater risk to the markets would be the Fed 
failing to act. Warsh could face four or five dissents if he holds rates unchanged, which would raise questions about the 
Fed’s credibility. A rate hike could even bring long-term yields down if investors see the Fed as more committed to 
containing inflation. 
Oil remains the critical wild card. WTI surged above $100, while diesel prices have moved above $6 and could continue 
rising rapidly. The geopolitical risks surrounding Iran, the Strait of Hormuz and disruptions involving the Houthis 
remain substantial, making energy prices one of the most important variables for both inflation and markets in the 
weeks ahead. 
What impresses me is how well equities have absorbed all of this. The S&P 500 is only a few percentage points below its 
high despite higher inflation, oil above recent levels and sharply higher bond yields. The economy continues to chug 
along: this month’s employment report was strong, jobless claims remain low and there is still no meaningful 
deterioration in consumer demand. The resilience of stocks tells me there is considerable liquidity and underlying 
demand for equities. 
Valuations, however, are facing a more difficult environment. Ten-year TIPS yields around 2.5% are nowhere near the 
4%-plus real yields we saw around the technology peak in 2000, but they are high enough to challenge equity multiples 
without another positive catalyst. With the earnings season largely finished, I would not be surprised to see the equity 
market trade relatively flat or down over the next three or four weeks. The next major catalyst is third-quarter earnings 
in October, and there is little evidence today suggesting that demand has weakened enough to prevent another good 
earnings season. 
This Wednesday could be something of a clearing event. My point estimate is firmly for a 25-basis-point hike. If the Fed 
acts decisively and oil stabilizes, markets can move beyond the immediate inflation and credibility debate and refocus 
on economic growth and October earnings.  
 
 


[Page 2]
 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future results. You cannot invest in an index.  
Professor Jeremy Siegel is Senior Economist to WisdomTree. This material contains the current research and opinions of Professor 
Siegel, which are subject to change, and should not be considered or interpreted as a recommendation to participate in any particular 
trading strategy, or deemed to be an offer or sale of any investment product and it should not be relied on as such. The user of this 
information assumes the entire risk of any use made of the information provided herein. Unless expressly stated otherwise the 
opinions, interpretations or findings expressed herein do not necessarily represent the views of WisdomTree or any of its affiliates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Please see the WisdomTree Glossary for definitions of terms and indexes. 
