[Page 1]
Macro & FICC Research
Macro & FICC Research
Fed Preview
14 September 2026
We revise our forecast and expect a September hike after August CPI
August CPI surprised on the upside for a 0.3% m/m increase, raising some question marks about the
degree of improvement in the underlying inflation trend. Given the strong emphasis within the Fed on
the monthly data, we shift our forecast and now expect a 25 bp hike in September. Upward pressure
on the oil price after renewed escalations in the conflict in the Middle East is an upside risk going
forward. The market prices nearly 90% for a September hike and we think an unchanged rate would
be badly received by bond markets.
Key points
Policy rate expected to be raised by 25 bp to 3.75-4.00%.
CPI disappointment points to another too high core PCE but the upcoming revision is an
uncertain factor
Market prices 90% (22 bp) for a September hike
Bloomberg consensus predicts unchanged rates, but analysts are evenly split
New forecasts but Warsh will not use them as a signaling tool
Inflation trends need to improve by year-end for the Fed stop at one hike 
 
Rate hike in September is now the main scenario
Market pricing for a September hike moved from almost 70 to nearly 90% after the August CPI data. The
y/y rate for core CPI declined further, from 2.5% to 2.4%, but the monthly increase came in above
expectations at 0.3%, though on the lower side (0.29%). The details were not all bad; volatile
components, including tourist services, contributed to the faster price increases while goods prices were
marginally lower than expected (read more about the August CPI here). Our estimate for the Fed’s key
measure core PCE points to another 0.3% m/m increase, though the upcoming revision of this data on 30
September is an uncertain factor. Methodological changes are expected to lower the PCE by at least a
couple of tenths of percentage points, which will still leave the core PCE at an elevated around 3.0% y/y
rate.
This puts the Fed under pressure to deliver a hike in September to bolster its inflation credibility. We are
now changing our forecast for the 15-16 September meeting to a 25 bp hike to a range of 3.75-4.00%.
Higher energy prices, back above USD 100/bl, is an upside risk going forward. Waiting until the next
meeting on 27-28 October could put the Fed in a difficult situation, given the proximity to the midterm
elections on November 3. Analysts in Bloomberg's consensus survey are divided, but nearly 50 percent


[Page 2]
Fed Preview
14 September 2026
2
Macro & FICC Research
expect a hike on Wednesday. Also, a relatively large portion of the responses in the survey were provided
before the August CPI. Most of the responses provided after the data forecast a hike. 
Fed Chair Kevin Warsh has been very clear that it is the responsibility of the Fed to make sure that inflation
returns to target. He has been equally clear that the Fed should not signal its next step. This means that
the Fed should now be data dependent and take its decisions on a meeting-by-meeting basis. Inflation
data during the fall will be key for whether the Fed can stop at one hike to safeguard credibility. We
continue to see scope for renewed disinflation once the temporary effects from tariffs, energy and, to
some extent, AI on IT, pass. Whether the Fed will get enough evidence on this in the coming months is
uncertain, however. For now, we expect the Fed to stop at one credibility-strengthening rate hike in
September and that the next step will be a rate cut in fall 2027, followed by another cut in early 2028.
However, if underlying inflation trends have not improved by the December meeting, and the economy
remains resilient, the Fed may have no choice but to deliver another, and final, rate hike in December.
Continued upward pressure on yields will work in the other direction, with markets now doing some of the
job for the Fed. Markets are already pricing a succession of rate hikes until mid-year 2026 and the Fed
must now hope that delivering a hike could calm market doubts of the Fed’s willingness to do what it
takes.
The Fed is split but tolerance for inflation above target is running low
Three regional Fed presidents – Beth Hammack, Lorie Logan and Neel Kashkari – voted for a hike at the
July meeting. At the same time, several members of the Governing Board – Lisa Cook, John Williams,
Michael Barr and Christopher Waller – have signaled that they could consider leaving the policy rate on
hold in September if data supports continued progress for inflation. We believe the August CPI did not pass
the test even for Fed doves to avoid a September hike, but equally not being bad enough to make them
commit to a series of rate hikes. Kevin Warsh’s hawkish speech at Jackson Hole succeeded in convincing


[Page 3]
Fed Preview
14 September 2026
3
Macro & FICC Research
the market that he is serious about inflation and that he sees changes in the Fed’s policy rate as the main
tool to achieve the target. We do not think that Warsh wanted to send a signal for the September meeting
given his opposition to forward guidance, but his policy conclusion was similar to that of the other
members: The Fed must be confident that underlying inflation is moving to the target and if not, the Fed
will need to act.
A decision to hike needs to have large support
If the Fed, in line with our and the market expectations, decides to tighten policy we think that the
Committee will strive to build a consensus, given the risks for intensifying political pressures from the
White House and the fact that members seem to share the view that inflation cannot be allowed to
diverge so much from target for so long.
Warsh to repeat his message from Jackson Hole
We expect Warsh to continue to stress his commitment to bringing inflation back to target at the post-
meeting press conference. Warsh’s earlier press conferences have been criticized for not including a
clearer explanation of the Fed’s policy decisions and the reaction function. We believe that Warsh will stick
to his view that the Fed should not guide the markets on their next step but the Chair will still need to
explain the rational for a rate hike and answer questions on whether or not this will need to be followed by
more steps and provide some insights into the Fed’s reaction function.
New projections without input from Warsh
In September FOMC members are, as usual, expected to deliver new forecasts for the economy and rates.
Warsh has been clear that he thinks the Fed should stop releasing its own forecasts and he has chosen not
to provide his own. However, we do not expect any changes to communication policy until next year, when


[Page 4]
Fed Preview
14 September 2026
4
Macro & FICC Research
we see it as likely that the Fed either abolishes the projections or chooses to release them together with
the publication of minutes, to downplay their role as a signaling tool.
No significant changes to the economic outlook
We do not see a need for the Fed to make other than minor changes to the economic projections compared
to June and expect them to continue to project healthy, slightly above trend, growth, a slight decline in the
unemployment rate towards the longer-run and above target inflation in 2026 and 2027 before returning
to target by end 2028. Members usually add one more year in September and we expect these
projections to be close to the current longer-run projections.
June 2026 projections (March 2026 in parentheses)
Q4, y/y, %
2026
2027
2028
Longer run
GDP
2.2 (2.4)
2.3 (2.3)
2.2 (2.1)
2.0 (2.0)
Unemployment*
4.3 (4.4)
4.3 (4.3)
4.2 (4.2)
4.2 (4.2)
PCE inflation
3.6 (2.7)
2.3 (2.2)
2.0 (2.0)
2.0 (2.0)
Core PCE
3.3 (2.7)
2.5 (2.2)
2.1 (2.0)
--
Fed funds rate**
3. 8 (3.4)
3.6 (3.1)
3.4 (3.1)
3.1 (3.1)
*Quarterly average, **End of period
Members are likely to project one 2026 rate hike including the September hike
We expect the median rate to continue to project one hike by December followed by rate cuts in 2027 and
2028. The urgency in getting inflation back to target could, however, argue for postponing rate cuts until
later in the period or in 2028 and 2029, rather than 2027 and 2028. If we are right in our expectations, the
Fed will still send a dovish signal compared to current market pricing of nearly two full hikes by year-end
and another one to two rate hikes in 2027 (accumulated around 90 bps by September 2027). However,
we expect Chair Warsh to downplay any signals from the forecasts and, like last time, we do not expect
him to participate with his own projections.


[Page 5]
Fed Preview
14 September 2026
5
Macro & FICC Research
 
 
Elisabet Kopelman
US Economist & Fed Watcher
elisabet.kopelman@seb.se
@EKopelman
Olle Holmgren
Chief Strategist Sweden
olle.holmgren@seb.se
+46850623268
