[Page 1]
14 September 2026, 20:48 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Just get on with it already
Blog
Jason Draho, Head of Asset Allocation, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
How would financial markets have reacted if the August inflation data 
was below instead of above expectations? It’s an interesting counter-
factual to ponder because there’s a good argument that it would have 
been worse. For context, the S&P 500 finished up 0.9% on Friday, 10- and 
30-year Treasury yields were flat and down 1bps, respectively, even as the 
2-year yield rose 4bps (after rising 22bps the rest of the week), gold was 
up 0.7%, and the USD was essentially flat. The price of oil falling USD 3/
barrel helped, but the CPI data was the primary driver. That’s a pretty good 
market response to data that increased the implied probability of a Fed rate 
hike this week to 88% from 72%.
What drove this positive response? One factor is that the inflation data 
reduced Fed policy uncertainty, which investors seem to dislike even more 
than a potential rate hike. While it’s certainly possible that the Fed doesn’t 
hike, it would be surprising with market expectations for one at nearly 
90% (please see "Strong labor data and supply bottlenecks push Fed closer 
to hikes," published 4 September 2026; our view is that the Fed hikes 
25bps this week, and again in December). After months of speculation and 
the market priced for hikes, many investors simply want the Fed to just get 
on with it already. Another factor is that hiking rates can stabilize longer-
term Treasury yields by reinforcing the Fed’s commitment to bringing down 
inflation. The 30-year yield could still surpass the 5.36% it reached last 
Thursday, but it’s less likely if investors expect the Fed to keep hiking rates 
until the disinflation trend back to 2% is credible.
The more important question from here is whether the Fed hiking rates 
actually changes the investment outlook. It doesn’t materially, for a few 
reasons.
First, the market has been pricing for rate hikes since mid-May—more than 
two 25bps rate hikes over the next year for most of this period, which 
is now up to 3.7 hikes. This repricing of Fed policy rate expectations has 
been a major factor driving Treasury yields roughly 50bps higher over the 
past three months. The Fed actually following through with hikes won’t 
necessarily lead to higher yields given what’s already priced in. Longer-term 
yields holding steady or declining on Friday indicates as much.
Second, two rate hikes look likely, but an extended hiking cycle doesn’t. 
August CPI wasn’t bad so much as it wasn’t clearly good enough for the 
Fed to stay on hold. But the details still suggest that disinflation is on track
—annualized core PCE inflation over the last three months is roughly 2.5%
—and year-over-year inflation readings are likely to drop steeply over the 
  
This report has been prepared by UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important disclaimers and 
disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 4


[Page 2]
Blog
next year because of base effects and methodological changes to how 
PCE inflation is calculated. Plugging forecasted inflation six months from 
now into a Taylor policy rule implies that the current Fed funds rate is 
appropriate.
Third, the growth impact of rate hikes should be modest, especially since 
a key growth driver (AI) is not particularly rate sensitive. The drag on GDP 
growth over the next year from 50bps of rate hikes should be around 
10-20bps, but growth is still likely to be around 2%. Housing is the most 
rate-sensitive part of the economy and it’s already weak. Meanwhile, solid 
consumer spending and resilient job growth imply that monetary policy 
is not restrictive and that the economy can absorb a couple of rate hikes. 
Adding to that is AI capex, which contributed over 50bps to GDP growth 
in 1H26. With the demand for compute still far exceeding supply, two rate 
hikes are unlikely to alter hyperscaler investment plans.
The adage “don’t fight the Fed” suggests some caution is warranted if 
the Fed is indeed about to embark on a rate hiking cycle, especially if 
it’s unsure how many hikes are necessary to finally curtail inflation. This 
risk shouldn’t be dismissed, but other risks are just as pressing. Oil prices 
continuing to rise because military activity in the Middle East disrupts 
supply routes is one. A slowdown in AI capex is another risk, which got a 
boost in the past few days because of concerns about AI safety.
The bottom line: After months of investors debating “will they or won’t 
they?”, the Fed is likely to hike rates 25bps this week. The positive market 
reaction to August CPI data that was higher than expected suggests that 
investors are relieved to finally have some clarity on the likely Fed policy 
path and welcome hikes as a way to stabilize longer-term yields. The 
market reaction also implies that rate hikes shouldn’t matter much for 
the medium-term investment outlook. That’s a fair assumption. Two hikes 
won’t materially alter the growth trajectory, or necessarily lead to higher 
yields. This isn’t a situation where investors should fight the Fed. Instead, 
it’s a case of investors just wanting the Fed to get on with hikes already.
Page 2 of 4


[Page 3]
Blog
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
Page 3 of 4


[Page 4]
Blog
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 4 of 4
