[Page 1]
 
Economic Alert 
Global Research
14 September 2026
 
 
 
If you are in scope for MiFID II and want to opt out of our Research services, please contact us. 
Issuer of Report: Standard Chartered Bank
Important disclosures and analyst certifications can be found in the Disclosures Appendix 
All rights reserved. Standard Chartered Bank 2026 
https://research.sc.com
 
PUBLIC 
FOMC – Hiking is the wrong choice 
 
• We continue to expect the FOMC to hold policy rates on 16 September  
• An unneeded hike will have a reputational impact if data suggest inflation pressures are diminishing 
• An on-hold decision may hurt the USD and the long end of the curve; a hike would likely stabilise both  
• The statement and SEP may change little; Warsh looks set to face a difficult press conference 
 
Waiting on Warsh 
The correct Fed policy decision in our view is straightforward – stay on hold until the 
noise from tariffs and data revisions dissipates. It is very likely that core inflation is 
overestimated. Tariffs are having a significant but uncertain upward effect on core PCE 
inflation. The Commerce Department’s comprehensive GDP revisions are likely to 
lower recent inflation estimates slightly. Core inflation is not moving decisively in either 
direction.  From a risk-management perspective, the FOMC should allow data to settle 
before determining whether a hike is necessary. It could open the door to a 50bps hike
if subsequent data supports the hawkish case. By contrast, reversing a premature hike 
would damage credibility and be seen as a very unsteady hand on the tiller.  
Fed funds futures are pricing in an 88% probability that the FOMC will hike by 25bps and
now prices 74bps of hikes by March (Figure1). The market has priced 35bps of added
hikes by March off Warsh’s Jackson Hole comment “We must be confident that underlying 
inflation is moving to our objective, clearly and at sufficient speed” and ignored Warsh’s 
emphasis on underlying inflation – “We want to gauge whether underlying inflation is
rising, falling, or stuck in place.” The data may look very different in a couple of months .  
Even if a hold is justified, we see a clear risk that an on-hold decision hurts the long 
end of the UST curve and the USD. It is a big rates repricing to absorb and could 
reignite doubts around Chair Warsh’s inflation-fighting rhetoric that emerged after the
29 July FOMC meeting. This episode of USD weakness does not affect our medium-
term view of USD strength, but the rates moves could lead to a sharp, albeit temporary 
downward USD move. The short end might not see much selling pressure, as more 
than three 25bps hikes are already priced in over the next 12 months, setting a high 
bar for the dot plot and Warsh’s press conference to out-hawk the market. If the Fed
hikes as now priced, there could be an added boost to Warsh’s credibility, stabilising 
long-end yields and the USD. 
Figure 1: How far is the Fed prepared to fight the market? 
Market implied tightening, bps 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered Research 
John Davies  
+44 20 7885 7640 
John.Davies@sc.com 
US Rates Strategist 
Standard Chartered Bank 
  
Steve Englander  
+1 212 667 0564 
Steve.Englander@sc.com 
Co-Head of FX Research, ex-China, and 
Head, North America Macro Strategy 
Standard Chartered Bank NY Branch 
  
   
   
   
   
 
First FOMC meeting
Fifth FOMC meeting
-60
-40
-20
0
20
40
60
80
Jan-26
Feb-26
Mar-26
Apr-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Sep-26
 


[Page 2]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
2 
PUBLIC 
We also take seriously another of Warsh’s Jackson Hole comments: “If markets rely 
materially on the Fed’s guidance and the Fed relies on market prices, we are all more 
likely to be blinded to new developments…more likely to be caught unprepared for a 
turn of events…and more likely to commit errors in policymaking.” The sharp rise in 
hiking expectations in recent days puts pressure on Warsh to validate hawkish  market 
pricing. If Warsh comes to associate credibility with matching market pricing, there is 
a risk that market pricing will increasingly influence policy decisions.  
Inflation outlook is far more two-sided than priced 
Warsh has been pretty dismissive of the Powell Fed’s reliance on imperfect data. 
However, we see value in supercore measures which largely abstract from tariffs and 
are closer to capturing underlying inflation from domestic sources. Our supercore 
measure of CPI services excluding housing, energy and air fares is well in the range 
of the 2010s and has dropped sharply in recent months. That CPI inflation is largely a 
goods story in a time of sharp tariff increases undercuts the case of persistent 
inflationary pressures. 
We would also consider what it means that chained core CPI has diverged from core 
PCE (Figure 3) after tracking very closely since its introduction. PCE was chosen over 
CPI as the inflation target because the CPI as it existed 25 years ago did not allow for 
substitution effects. The chained CPI does. Moreover, the CPI has an advantage in 
that it reflects out-of-pocket spending rather than the cost of consumption. It has far 
fewer imputed items and probably comes closer to measuring what the consumer sees 
as inflation. We are not index shopping to lower inflation but Warsh himself stated: 
“The job for policy makers is to capture underlying trend inflation – that is, the 
generalized change in prices in the economy, unaffected by idiosyncratic factors” and 
we would argue that there is a reasonable case that idiosyncratic factors such as tariffs 
are playing an outsized role. 
If the Fed hikes, our first press conference question would be “What is your best 
estimate of the contribution of tariffs to y/y PCE inflation? Why not wait until you know 
whether they are one-off or generating second-round effects, especially given the 
expected downward revision to PCE inflation from the benchmark GDP revisions?”. 
There are multiple Fed estimates around 0.7% y/y, but Warsh has been reluctant to 
attribute any inflation to tariffs. With tariff revenues peaking in Q4-2025 and the 
inflationary impact possibly lagging by a few months, we are just entering the period 
where the impact of tariffs should be waning. 
Figure 2: Core services ex housing and airfares dropping 
%/ y/y 
Figure 3: Chained core CPI diverges from PCE 
% y/y 
Source: Macrobond, Standard Chartered Research 
Source: Macrobond, Standard Chartered Research 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Jan-00
Jan-05
Jan-10
Jan-15
Jan-20
Jan-25
Chained core 
CPI
Core PCE
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Dec-00
Dec-05
Dec-10
Dec-15
Dec-20
Dec-25
Journalists may press Warsh on the 
impact of tariffs and BEA revisions 
Supercore inflation moving steadily 
downward 
 


[Page 3]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
3 
PUBLIC 
Count the votes 
Despite the recent above-consensus payrolls and core CPI print, we expect the Fed to 
stay on hold on 16 September simply because we do not expect enough FOMC 
members to vote for a hike. This may seem blindingly obvious but our point is that a 
rate hike would require at least four more members to join the three dissenters from 
July. Unless Warsh has decided it is time to hike, which we doubt, we are unable to 
identify enough members who have signalled they may be ready to make that shift.  
For the Fed to raise the policy rate on 16 September, it will take at least seven FOMC 
members to vote for a hike. We highlight this self-evident fact because the question is 
which four members would join the three dissenters, whom we expect to vote for a hike 
again. We are also mindful that the Fed has never published a defined process for 
what happens in the event of a 6-6 tie – there is no precedent or rule that suggests the 
Chair would have the casting vote. We think Warsh will want to avoid such a scenario 
given how negatively markets might react to such a split in the FOMC. Beyond that, 
our key assumption is that Warsh would still prefer not to hike but most of all will not 
want to be in the minority. So, what might be the route to seven, or more, rate-hike 
votes?  
If four members, other than Warsh, join the three dissenters from July (who we assume 
will vote for a hike again) this would take the count to seven in the first instance. Warsh 
would likely then join them, taking the final rate hike vote to eight, primarily to avoid 
being the first-ever Fed chair in the minority on a policy decision. If three members, 
other than Warsh, join the July dissenters, then we suspect he would also vote for a 
hike purely in order to avoid a 6-6 tie. However, assuming we are correct in thinking 
Warsh will only vote for a hike in order to be in the majority, we do not think data flow 
since the last FOMC meeting has provided enough evidence for three or more of the 
on-hold voters in July to switch to a hike.  
Two members switching to a rate hike, while more plausible, would not be enough, in 
our view, given that Warsh is unlikely to join them and trigger a 6-6 tie. In that scenario, 
he can opt to vote on hold and safely be in the majority.  
Historically speaking, it would be very unusual to see much of a split among the 
governors and also the New York Fed president. Perhaps this viewpoint is more at risk 
given the political pressure that has been applied to former Chair Powell and Governor 
Cook. In early August, Cook described inflation as “too high” and noted that it had been 
above the Fed’s 2% target for more than five years, stating that she was “prepared to 
act” by raising rates, if necessary, should disinflation fail to resume. Powell, on the 
other hand, has been effectively silent on the economy and policy since stepping down 
as Chair. Our sense is that the seven governors and Williams will still vote sufficiently 
en bloc to be in the majority. So the outcome will then boil down to which direction 
Warsh wants to lead them in.  
Despite his hawkish rhetoric at Jackson Hole, we doubt that Warsh will view recent 
data flow as necessitating a rate hike. We think he would still prefer to remain on hold. 
Regardless of any political pressure he may be facing, we think he would prefer to see 
clearer evidence that disinflation has stalled and to wait for his taskforces to report 
back.  
 
 
We remain doubtful that Warsh is 
ready to hike 
A hike requires four more hawks, 
with Warsh likely to avoid a tie or 
being left in the minority 
The governors and New York Fed 
president are likely to vote together, 
leaving Warsh to determine the 
outcome 
 
 


[Page 4]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
4 
PUBLIC 
Beyond the vote – Statement, SEP and press conference 
The statement under Warsh has become so brief that we struggle to see what would 
be changed this time around. It is not clear that the August payrolls print warrants any 
upgrade to the labour market comment. The comment stating that “inflation remains 
elevated relative to the Committee’s 2% goal” might be augmented to include Warsh’s 
Jackson Hole angle about the sheer time it has spent above target, but that could 
cause further confusion if the Fed opts against a hike as we expect. 
Again, given the data flow since June, we are not convinced the SEP will show material 
changes. Annual measures of inflation are broadly lower since June, but so too is the 
unemployment rate. It will be interesting to see whether there is any additional 
divergence between headline and core PCE projections given the renewed increase 
in oil prices and even views on potential El Niño effects, but that is unlikely to impact 
members’ views on the policy outlook. Hence, we doubt that the policy rate path implied 
by the median dots will shift notably more hawkish. However, the scope for cuts shown 
in the June dot-plot is now likely to be viewed as more limited, potentially pushing up 
the weighted average of the dots. Perhaps most importantly, it is very difficult at this 
point to see how the updated dot-plot might out-hawk market pricing.  
Warsh’s press conference, if the Fed stays on hold, will likely be very difficult for him 
to navigate. He will need to provide backward guidance, explaining both why the hold 
is justified and convey that the Fed decisions will not be swayed by market pricing. The 
kneejerk reaction may be to question his credibility, especially given his Jackson Hole 
speech that triggered the initial move in September rate-hike pricing above 50% 
probability. He would have to justify his decision rather than provide reassurance of his 
commitment to disinflation. In our view he can state outright that he can do a 50bps 
hike if inflation is still moving higher when the data noise settles down.  
 
At the same time, however, he may be hemmed in by his reluctance to provide forward 
guidance and may therefore be unwilling to clarify to the market why and when a rate 
hike might be forthcoming. He will very likely be asked whether the door is open for a 
rate hike at the October meeting, just one week prior to the mid-term elections, and he 
will probably say something to the effect that all meetings are live. The market, 
however, may be more sceptical. 
 
   
 
Neither the statement nor the SEP 
are likely to see much change 
The press conference will present a 
major credibility challenge if the 
Fed stays on hold, as we expect 
 


[Page 5]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
5 
PUBLIC 
Disclosures appendix 
 
Analyst Certification Disclosure: The research analyst or analysts responsible for the content of this research report certify that: 
(1) the views expressed and attributed to the research analyst or analysts in the research report accurately reflect their personal 
opinion(s) about the subject securities and issuers and/or other subject matter as appropriate; and, (2) no part of his or her 
compensation was, is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this research 
report. On a general basis, the efficacy of recommendations is a factor in the performance appraisals of analysts. 
 
Non-US analysts:  The non-US analysts named in this report may not be subject to all the FINRA requirements applicable to US-
based analysts.   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
*See https://research.sc.com/research/api/application/static/forecasts#rates for our full rates coverage universe and current 
recommendations.  
 
^As of 9 November 2024, Defensive outlook replaces Negative outlook. 
 
Standard Chartered Research offers trade ideas with outright Buy or Sell recommendations on bonds as well as pair trade 
recommendations among bonds and/or CDS. In Trading Recommendations/Ideas/Notes, the time horizon is dependent on 
prevailing market conditions and may or may not include price targets. 
 
 
 
IB% - Percentage of investment banking clients in each rating category 
 
For full Standard Chartered Research recommendations history for the past 12 months, please see 
https://research.sc.com/disclosures/credit.html. For conflict disclosures, see https://research.sc.com/disclosures/conflict.html.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Disclaimer: Standard Chartered Bank and/or its affiliates (“SCB”) makes no representation or warranty of any kind, 
express, implied or statutory regarding this document or any information contained or referred to in the document (including 
market data or statistical information). The information in this document, current at the date of publication, is provided for 
information and discussion purposes only. It does not constitute a personal offer, recommendation or solicitation to any specific 
client to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, nor does it constitute any prediction 
of likely future movements in rates or prices, or represent that any such future movements will not exceed those shown in any 
illustration. The stated price of the securities mentioned herein, if any, is as of the date indicated and is not any representation 
that any transaction can be effected at this price. SCB does not represent or warrant that this information is accurate or 
complete. While this research is based on current public information that we have obtained from publicly available sources, 
believed to be reliable, we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and no responsibility or liability is accepted for errors of 
fact or for any opinion expressed herein. This document does not purport to contain all the information an investor may require 
and the contents of this document may not be suitable for all investors as it has not been prepared with regard to the specific 
investment objectives or financial situation of any particular person. Any investments discussed may not be suitable for all 
investors. Users of this document should seek professional advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities, 
financial instruments or investment strategies referred to in this document and should understand that statements regarding 
future prospects may not be realised. Opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, derived valuations, projections and price 
target(s), if any, contained in this document are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time without prior 
notice. Our research process may incorporate advanced artificial intelligence (AI) tools - including, but not limited to, generative 
AI and machine learning models – to assist in data analysis, forecasting, and the generation of research insights. These AI 
tools may be employed as an adjunct to our research team’s expert analysis. Such outputs are subject to human review and 
interpretation. While these tools are designed to enhance analytical efficiency and broaden the scope of our research, final 
 


[Page 6]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
6 
PUBLIC 
research recommendations are based on a combined methodology that integrates both AI-generated insights and rigorous 
human oversight. There is no guarantee that the AI-generated components are free from error or will always capture the 
nuances of complex market data. Clients are advised that the use of AI tools is intended to supplement but not replace 
professional judgement. Accordingly, SCB shall not be held liable for any discrepancies or inaccuracies arising solely from the 
AI-generated portions of our analysis. In the event that clients utilize SCB research data for any further AI processing, SCB 
shall not be held liable or responsible for any subsequent outputs, results, or consequences arising from such use. Clients 
assume full responsibility for the integrity, accuracy and application of the AI-processed data. 
 
Our recommendations are under constant review. The value and income of any of the securities or financial instruments 
mentioned in this document can fall as well as rise and an investor may get back less than invested. Future returns are not 
guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may be incurred. Foreign-currency denominated securities and financial instruments 
are subject to fluctuation in exchange rates that could have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such 
securities and financial instruments. Digital Assets are extremely speculative, volatile and are largely unregulated. Past 
performance is not indicative of comparable future results and no representation or warranty is made regarding future 
performance. While we endeavour to update on a reasonable basis the information and opinions contained herein, we are 
under no obligation to do so and there may be regulatory, compliance or other reasons that prevent us from doing so. 
Accordingly, information may be available to us which is not reflected in this document, and we may have acted upon or used 
the information prior to or immediately following its publication. SCB is acting on a principal-to-principal basis and not acting 
as your advisor, agent or in any fiduciary capacity to you. SCB is not a legal, regulatory, business, investment, financial and 
accounting and/or tax adviser, and is not purporting to provide any such advice. Independent legal, regulatory, business, 
investment, financial and accounting and/or tax advice should be sought for any such queries in respect of any investment.  
 
SCB and/or its affiliates may have a position in any of the securities, instruments or currencies mentioned in this document. 
SCB and/or its affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons 
involved in the preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, be long or short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document and on the SCB Research 
website or have a material interest in any such securities or related investments, or provide, or have provided advice, 
investment banking or other services, to issuers of such investments and may have received compensation for these services. 
In relation to subject companies/issuers covered in reports published by the SCB Credit Research team, SCB acts as market 
maker or liquidity provider. SCB has in place policies and procedures and physical information walls between its Research 
Department and differing public and private business functions to help ensure confidential information, including ‘inside’ 
information is not disclosed unless in line with its policies and procedures and the rules of its regulators. Data, opinions and 
other information appearing herein may have been obtained from public sources. 
 
The discussion of or references to digital assets in this document does not indicate or constitute a commitment by SCB to offer 
products or services related to digital assets, including but not limited to trading any specific digital asset, custody services, 
settlement, or advisory services. The availability of any digital asset-related product or service may vary by jurisdiction and is 
subject to internal approvals and applicable regulatory requirements. No assurance is given that SCB currently offers, or will 
offer in the future, any such products or services. 
 
SCB expressly disclaims responsibility and makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such 
information obtained from public sources. SCB also makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy nor accepts any 
responsibility for any information or data contained in any third party’s website. You are advised to make your own independent 
judgment (with the advice of your professional advisers as necessary) with respect to any matter contained herein and not rely 
on this document as the basis for making any trading, hedging or investment decision. 
 
SCB accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including special, incidental, 
consequential, punitive or exemplary damages) from the use of this document, howsoever arising, and including any loss, 
damage or expense arising from, but not limited to, any defect, error, imperfection, fault, mistake or inaccuracy with this 
document, its contents or associated services, or due to any unavailability of the document or any part thereof or any contents 
or associated services. This document is for the use of intended recipients only. In any jurisdiction in which distribution to 
private/retail customers would require registration or licensing of the distributor which the distributor does not currently have, 
this document is intended solely for distribution to professional and institutional investors. This communication is subject to the 
terms and conditions of the SCB Research Disclosure Website available at https://research.sc.com/Portal/Public/
TermsConditions. The disclaimers set out at the above web link applies to this communication and you are advised to read 
such terms and conditions / disclaimers before continuing. Additional information, including conflicts of interest 
(https://www.sc.com/en/regulatory-disclosures/market-abuse-regulation/), analyst certification and full research disclosures 
with respect to any securities referred to herein, will be available upon request by directing such enquiries to 
ResearchClientServices@sc.com or clicking on the relevant SCB research report web link(s) referenced herein. MiFID II 
research and inducement rules apply. You are advised to determine the applicability and adherence to such rules as it relates 
to yourself. 
 


[Page 7]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
7 
PUBLIC 
Market-Specific Disclosures – This document is not for distribution to any person or to any jurisdiction in which its distribution 
would be prohibited. If you are receiving this document in any of the market listed below, please note the following:  
Australia: The Australian Financial Services Licence for Standard Chartered Bank is Licence No: 246833 with the following 
Australian Registered Body Number (ARBN: 097571778). Australian investors should note that this communication was 
prepared for “wholesale clients” only and is not directed at persons who are “retail clients” as those terms are defined in 
sections 761G and 761GA of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). Bangladesh: This research has not been produced in 
Bangladesh. The report has been prepared by the research analyst(s) in an autonomous and independent way, including in 
relation to SCB. THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS REPORT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN 
BANGLADESH AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BANGLADESH WITHOUT PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE 
REGULATORY AUTHORITIES IN BANGLADESH. Any subsequent action(s) of the Recipient of these research reports in this 
area should be subject to compliance with all relevant law & regulations of Bangladesh; especially the prevailing foreign 
exchange control regulations. Botswana: This document is being distributed in Botswana by, and is attributable to, Standard 
Chartered Bank Botswana Limited, which is a financial institution licensed by Bank of Botswana under Section 6 of the Banking 
Act CAP 46.04 and is listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange. Brazil: SCB disclosures pursuant to the Securities Exchange 
Commission of Brazil (“CVM”) Instruction 598/18: This research has not been produced in Brazil. The report has been prepared 
by the research analyst(s) in an autonomous and independent way, including in relation to SCB. THE SECURITIES 
MENTIONED IN THIS REPORT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF BRAZIL AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BRAZIL 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS AND IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF BRAZIL. China: This document is being distributed in China by, and is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited and Standard Chartered Securities China Limited (SCSCL) which are 
mainly regulated by National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA), State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), 
People’s Bank of China (PBoC) and/or China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC). European Economic Area: In 
Germany, Standard Chartered Bank AG, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank, or branches of SCB AG, is authorised by 
the European Central Bank and supervised by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht-“BaFin”) , European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and the German Federal Bank 
(Deutsche Bundesbank). This communication is directed at persons Standard Chartered Bank AG can categorise as Eligible 
Counterparties or Professional Clients (such persons constituting the target market of this communication following Standard 
Chartered Bank AG’s target market assessment) as defined by the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (Directive 
2014/65/EU) (“MiFID II”) and the German Securities Trading Act (“WpHG”).  No other person should rely upon it. In particular, 
this is not directed at Retail Clients (as defined by MiFID II and WpHG) in the European Economic Area. Nothing in this 
communication constitutes a personal recommendation or investment advice as defined by MiFID II and WpHG. Hong Kong: 
This document is being distributed in Hong Kong by, and any part hereof authored by an analyst licensed in Hong Kong is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行（香港）有限公司 which is regulated by the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority. India: This document is being distributed in India by Standard Chartered Bank, India Branch (“SCB India”). 
SCB India is registered as a Research Analyst (Reg No. INH000002814) having registered office at Crescenzo, 3A floor, Plot 
No. C 38&39, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051. SCB India is a branch of SCB, UK and is licensed by the 
Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. SCB India is also registered with Securities and Exchange Board 
of India in its capacity as Merchant Banker, Depository Participant, Bankers to an Issue, Custodian, etc. For details on group 
companies operating in India, please visit https://www.sc.com/in/important-information/india-result/ and refer to 
https://av.sc.com/in/content/docs/in-sc-sebi-registered-research-analyst.pdf (Information on SEBI Registered Research 
Analyst) for details. The RBI had advised that entities under their regulations shall not deal in virtual currencies ("VCs") or 
provide services for facilitating any person or entity to deal with or settle VCs; however, the Supreme Court overturned the ban 
on cryptocurrency payments. A proposed law which may prohibit dealing in cryptocurrencies is under discussion, according to 
media reports. INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES MARKET ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS. READ ALL THE RELATED 
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY BEFORE INVESTING. The securities quoted are for illustration only and are not recommendatory. 
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM (if applicable) in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary 
or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Indonesia: Standard Chartered Bank is licensed and supervised by Indonesia 
Financial Services Authority (OJK) and Bank of Indonesia (BI) as well as a participant of Indonesia Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (LPS). The information in this document is provided for information purposes only. It does not constitute any offer, 
recommendation or solicitation to any person to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, 
nor does it constitute any prediction of likely future movements in rates or prices or represent that any such future movements 
will not exceed those shown in any illustration. Future changes in such laws, rules, regulations, etc., could affect the information 
in this document, but SCB is under no obligation to keep this information current or to update it. Expressions of opinion are 
those of SCB only and are subject to change without notice. Japan: This document is being distributed to Specified Investors, 
as defined by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, known as “FIEA”), for information only 
and not for the purpose of soliciting any Financial Instruments Transactions as defined by the FIEA or any Specified Deposits, 
etc. as defined by the Banking Act of Japan (Act No.59 of 1981). Kenya: Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited is regulated 
by the Central Bank of Kenya. The information in this document is provided for information purposes only. The document is 
intended for use only by Professional Clients and should not be relied upon by or be distributed to Retail Clients. Korea: This 
document is being distributed in Korea by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited which is regulated 
by the Financial Supervisory Service and Financial Services Commission. Macau: This document is being distributed in Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the Peoples' Republic of China, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Macau 
Branch) which is regulated by Macau Monetary Authority. Malaysia: This document is being distributed in Malaysia by Standard 
 


[Page 8]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
8 
PUBLIC 
Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad only to institutional investors or corporate customers. Recipients in Malaysia should contact 
Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. 
Mauritius: Standard Chartered Bank (Mauritius) Limited is regulated by both the Bank of Mauritius and the Financial Services 
Commission in Mauritius. This document should not be construed as investment advice or solicitation to enter into securities 
transactions in Mauritius as per the Securities Act 2005. New Zealand: New Zealand Investors should note that this document 
was prepared for “wholesale clients” only within the meaning of section 5C of the Financial Advisers Act 2008. This document 
is not directed at persons who are “retail clients” as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 2008. NOTE THAT STANDARD 
CHARTERED BANK (incorporated in England) IS NOT A “REGISTERED BANK” IN NEW ZEALAND UNDER THE RESERVE 
BANK OF NEW ZEALAND ACT 1989, and it is not therefore regulated or supervised by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. 
Pakistan: The securities mentioned in this report have not been, and will not be, registered in Pakistan, and may not be offered 
or sold in Pakistan, without prior approval of the regulatory authorities and/or relevant governmental statutory body(ies) in 
Pakistan. Philippines: This document may be distributed in the Philippines by Standard Chartered Bank (Philippines) (“SCB 
PH”) to Qualified Buyers as defined under Section 10.1 (L) of Republic Act No. 8799, otherwise known as the Securities 
Regulation Code (“SRC”), other corporate and institutional clients only. SCB PH does not warrant the appropriateness and 
suitability of any security, investment or transaction that may have been discussed in this document with respect to any person. 
Nothing in this document constitutes or should be construed as an offer to sell or distribute securities in the Philippines, which 
securities, if offered for sale or distribution in the Philippines, are required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission unless such securities are exempt under Section 9 of the SRC or the transaction is exempt under Section 10 
thereof. SCB PH is regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) (e-mail: consumeraffairs@bsp.gov.ph). Any complaint 
in connection with any product or service of, or offered through, the Bank should be directed to the Bank’s Client Services 
Group via e-mail at straight2bank.ph@sc.com (or any other contact information that the Bank may notify you from time to time). 
Singapore: This document is being distributed in Singapore by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (UEN No.: 
201224747C) only to Accredited Investors, Expert Investors or Institutional Investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore. Recipients in Singapore should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (as the 
case may be) in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. South Africa: Standard Chartered 
Bank, Johannesburg Branch (“SCB Johannesburg Branch”) is a Registered Credit Provider in terms of the National Credit Act 
34 of 2005 under registration number NCRCP4. Thailand: This document is intended to circulate only general information and 
prepare exclusively for the benefit of Institutional Investors with the conditions and as defined in the Notifications of the Office 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the exemption of investment advisory service, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. It is not intended to provide for the public. UAE: For residents of the UAE – Standard Chartered 
Bank UAE does not provide financial analysis or consultation services in or into the UAE within the meaning of UAE Securities 
and Commodities Authority Decision No. 48/r of 2008 concerning financial consultation and financial analysis. UAE (DIFC): 
Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial Centre (SCB DIFC) having its offices at Dubai International Financial 
Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of Standard Chartered Bank and is regulated by the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use only by Professional Clients and is not directed 
at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook. In the DIFC we are authorized to provide financial services only to clients 
who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. As a Professional Client you will not 
be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right to be classified as a Retail Client 
we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required license to undertake such 
activities. United Kingdom: SCB and or its affiliates is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. This communication is directed at persons 
SCB can categorise as Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients (such persons being the target market of this 
communication following SCB’s target market assessment) as defined by the FCA Handbook. In particular, this communication 
is not directed at Retail Clients (as defined by the FCA Handbook) in the United Kingdom. Nothing in this communication 
constitutes a personal recommendation or investment advice as defined by the FCA Handbook. United States: Except for any 
documents relating to foreign exchange, FX or global FX, Rates or Commodities, distribution of this document in the United 
States or to US persons is intended to be solely to major institutional investors as defined in Rule 15a-6(a)(2) under the US 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All US persons that receive this document by their acceptance thereof represent and agree 
that they are a major institutional investor and understand the risks involved in executing transactions in securities. Any US 
recipient of this document wanting additional information or to effect any transaction in any security or financial instrument 
mentioned herein, must do so by contacting a registered representative of Standard Chartered Securities North America, LLC, 
1095 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10036, US, tel + 1 212 667 0700. WE DO NOT OFFER OR SELL SECURITIES 
TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS EITHER (A) THOSE SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED FOR SALE WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AND WITH ALL APPROPRIATE U.S. STATE AUTHORITIES; OR (B) THE SECURITIES OR 
THE SPECIFIC TRANSACTION QUALIFY FOR AN EXEMPTION UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS NOR DO WE OFFER OR SELL SECURITIES TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS (i) WE, OUR AFFILIATED COMPANY AND 
THE APPROPRIATE PERSONNEL ARE PROPERLY REGISTERED OR LICENSED TO CONDUCT BUSINESS; OR (ii) WE, 
OUR AFFILIATED COMPANY AND THE APPROPRIATE PERSONNEL QUALIFY FOR EXEMPTIONS UNDER APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL AND STATE LAWS. Any documents relating to foreign exchange, FX or global FX, Rates or Commodities to 
US Persons, Guaranteed Affiliates, or Conduit Affiliates (as those terms are defined by any Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission rule, interpretation, guidance, or other such publication) are intended to be distributed only to Eligible Contract 
Participants are defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Zambia: Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc 
(SCB Zambia) is licensed and registered as a commercial bank under the Banking and Financial Services Act Cap 387 of the 
 


[Page 9]
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 14 September 2026 
9 
PUBLIC 
laws of Zambia and as a dealer under the Securities Act, No. 41 of 2016. SCB Zambia is regulated by the Bank of Zambia, the 
Lusaka Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
© 2026 Standard Chartered Bank. All rights reserved. Copyright in third party materials is acknowledged and is used under 
licence. You may not reproduce or adapt any part of these materials for any purposes unless with express written approval from 
Standard Chartered Bank. 
  
  
Document approved by 
Christopher Graham 
Chief Economist, Europe and UK 
Document is released at  
12:30 GMT 14 September 2026 
 
 
