[Page 1]
 
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Central Banks Watch 
Fed Preview
Litmus test for credibility 
14 September 2026 
CPI data strengthen the case for a hike 
The August CPI data have strengthened our confidence that the Fed will raise rates by 25bp on Wednesday. 
While a rate increase appears likely, it is not a done deal, as significant uncertainty remains around the FOMC’s 
reaction function. With just over three hikes priced in by mid-2027, it will be key for the Fed to act consistently 
and handle communication with care. We regard this week’s rate decision as a litmus test for the Fed’s credibility. 
Decision not to hike carries risks for USTs… 
A rate hike (our baseline) should be largely neutral for USTs as markets already discount a bit more than three 
hikes. If the Fed leaves rates unchanged, we see a clear risk of the long-end selling off as investors factor in a 
higher inflation risk premium, while yields at the short end could decline. 
… and the USD 
In FX, a rate hike could lift the USD, but the overall reaction will depend on how hawkish Fed Chair Kevin Warsh 
sounds in his press conference. By contrast, a steady outcome could hit the USD, but the extent of any slide 
would depend on Warsh’s ability to convince markets that the hike has merely been delayed. In addition to 
the decision itself, whether and how Warsh votes and the extent of any division within the Fed board, will be 
key factors for markets. 
We expect the Fed to raise interest rates by 25bp on Wednesday, lifting the target range for the federal funds rate to 
3.75-4.00%. The 0.3% mom print for August core CPI published on Friday has strengthened our confidence that the 
Fed will act, after Warsh’s comments in Jackson Hole meaningfully raised the bar for not hiking. His remarks pointed 
to strong economic growth, a labour market operating at full employment, as confirmed by the latest NFP report, 
insufficient progress on inflation and financial conditions that are not restrictive. Moreover, renewed tensions in the 
Middle East are pushing up energy prices, intensifying upside risks to inflation.  
 
 


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
2
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Central Banks Watch
14 September 2026
Under normal circumstances, this macro backdrop would clearly call for tighter monetary policy, not least to 
safeguard the Fed’s credibility after markets gave Warsh the thumbs down in July. However, Wednesday’s rate 
decision is not a done deal and uncertainty remains regarding how Warsh’s Jackson Hole assessment will translate 
into the FOMC’s policy decision. While all three FOMC members that supported a hike in July will almost certainly 
confirm their vote, New York Fed president John Williams, usually an influential centrist voice, and Governor 
Christopher Waller were leaning towards no change before the August CPI report. It is likely, but not certain, that the 
latest inflation report has tilted their baseline scenario towards favouring tighter monetary policy. 
Assuming the Fed does hike on Wednesday, the press conference will be closely scrutinised for clues that might help 
decipher the FOMC’s reaction function. Our confidence that the Fed will hike is based entirely on Warsh’s message 
in Jackson Hole, which was followed by unambiguously non-dovish employment and consumer price data, and a 
further increase in energy prices.  
However, we do not yet have a good understanding of what caused Warsh’s hawkish turn after a string of relatively 
weak macro data. We suspect it could have been the adverse market reaction to the July press conference, when 
investors started to question whether the lack of guidance reflected uncertainty about the outlook or uncertainty 
about the Fed’s willingness to act against inflation. At that time, we argued that the longer the FOMC remained in 
wait-and-see mode without articulating a clearer view on the economic outlook and the risks surrounding its dual 
mandate, the greater the likelihood that markets would begin to test its resolve. We hope that Warsh’s Jackson Hole 
speech marked a first, key step towards making the Fed’s reaction function more transparent. 
If, contrary to our expectations, the Fed remains on hold without a very significant drop in oil prices, Warsh will have 
some serious explaining to do, and we see a measurable risk that investor confidence could be shaken more 
fundamentally. Investors will also be watching the voting breakdown closely. Should the number of dissenting FOMC 
members rise above the three recorded at the previous meeting, it would reinforce the perception of a deeply divided 
committee and the lack of a clear, shared reaction function, a message that markets are unlikely to welcome. 
Market reaction 
INVESTORS SEEK CLARITY ON THE FED’S REACTION FUNCTION 
One area where Warsh has been particularly clear is his reluctance to provide forward guidance. Instead, he has argued 
that markets should assess incoming data and draw their own conclusions, with the resulting market pricing serving as 
valuable information for the central bank. This greater uncertainty could make FOMC meetings more exciting than they 
have been in recent years. Over time, however, as investors gain a better understanding of the central bank’s reaction 
function, market pricing around meeting outcomes should become more clear-cut, albeit not to the extent seen during 
forward-guidance days. 
Chart 1 shows that investors had been pricing in a roughly 50% probability of a hike at this week’s FOMC meeting until 
the release of CPI last Friday, since when the probability has risen to almost 90%. The meeting will show whether this 
is a correct interpretation of the Fed’s decision-making process. 
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
3
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Central Banks Watch
14 September 2026
CHART 1: FOMC MEETINGS TO BECOME EXCITING AGAIN? 
PROBABILITY OF FOMC DECISION PRICED IN BY FORWARDS (%) 
 
Source: Bloomberg, The Investment Institute by UniCredit 
Note: the chart shows the probability of the actual Fed decision reflected in US OIS rates one week before the meeting. 
Forwards imply an 85% probability to a 25bp hike this week. Over a longer horizon, a bit more than three 25bp hikes 
are fully priced by the middle of next year. Our own forecast is that the Fed will hike again in December and then enter 
wait-and-see mode. Market expectations for a hike by year-end are near the top of the range observed since the start of 
the war in Iran and at their highest since Warsh took office. Expectations for mid-2027 have increased more substantially 
in recent days. Chart 2 shows that investors are expecting bold action by the Fed, but not necessarily with a sense of 
urgency. 
With rate hike expectations baked in the curve, it will be key for the Fed to act consistently and handle communication 
with care. The most obvious way would be by hiking rates, especially as recent PPI and CPI data confirmed a trend of 
robust inflation. The most important point Warsh needs to make during the press conference concerns the Fed’s 
commitment to deliver on inflation. 
The reaction to a rate hike (our baseline) should be largely neutral for USTs as markets already discount a bit more 
than three hikes. Considering that the strong rise in yields seen in recent days suggests investors are entering the 
meeting already short USTs. This creates the case for a modest relief rally, depending on the press conference. A not-
too-hawkish tone by Warsh would be positive for the short end but less likely to benefit the long end. 
Should the FOMC decide to leave rates unchanged, Warsh will need to explain it to investors in a convincing way, selling 
a narrative that rate hikes are still coming and that it is simply a matter of time. However, this would be problematic as 
1. it would sound like forward guidance, something which Warsh is trying to avoid and 2. the next FOMC meeting is just 
ahead of the midterm elections, not an ideal time to hike rates.  
Hence, if the Fed leaves rates unchanged, we see a clear risk of the long end selling off as investors factor in a higher 
inflation risk premium. Our bias is towards the move being driven more by nominal bonds, with TIPS outperforming. 
However, to the extent that this creates more uncertainty about monetary policy in the longer run, real yields would 
also be affected via term premiums. Yields at the short end could decline, reflecting a more moderate path for policy 
rates. This is the sector that should outperform. 
 
 
0%
25%
50%
75%
100%
01-Jan-21
16-May-22
28-Sep-23
09-Feb-25
24-Jun-26
Outcome fully 
priced
Outcome not 
priced
Close call 
(50/50)
one week 
before meeting
post CPI


[Page 4]
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
4
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Central Banks Watch
14 September 2026
CHART 2: RATE HIKE EXPECTATIONS ARE BAKED IN 
FED FUNDS FUTURES – JUN27 AND DEC27 CONTRACTS (%) 
 
Source: Bloomberg, The Investment Institute by UniCredit 
USD: A RATE HIKE MAY HELP, BUT…  
Since a 25bp rate hike is not yet fully priced in, a rate increase could lift the greenback further across the board, at 
least as a knee-jerk reaction, extending this morning’s rally amid rising tensions in the Middle East and as investors 
await the Fed decision.  
After that, however, the behaviour of the US unit, and EUR-USD in particular, will strongly depend on how hawkish 
Warsh sounds in his press conference regarding the likelihood and extent of additional tightening. In any case, we 
doubt that investors would sell EUR-USD aggressively enough to trigger a definitive break below 1.15. First, hawkish 
Fed rhetoric would trigger more tensions between the US central bank and the Trump administration; second, more 
monetary tightening is also expected outside the US, starting with the ECB. 
A steady meeting outcome, on the other hand, would obviously weigh on the USD but the extent of the move would 
largely depend on Warsh’s ability to convince investors that a rate hike is simply being delayed to 28 October, or at 
most 9 December. 
In any case, how Warsh votes and the degree of division within the Fed board will be two other key factors in the US 
dollar’s reaction. 
  
Authors 
 Dr. Luca Cazzulani, Head of Strategy, FI Strategist (UniCredit, Milan), luca.cazzulani@unicredit.eu  
 Roberto Mialich, FX Strategist, Global UniCredit Milan) roberto.milaich@unicredit.eu  
 Marco Valli, Head of Macroeconomic Analysis and Chief Economist (UniCredit, Milan), marco.valli@unicredit.eu 
Editor 
 Edoardo Campanella, Director and Editor-in-Chief of The Investment Institute (UniCredit Milan), 
edoardo.campanella@unicredit.eu 
UniCredit S.p.A 
 Client Solutions, Group Investment Strategy, Piazza Gae Aulenti, 4, I-20154 Milan 
 www.the-investment-institute@unicredit.eu 
3.50
3.75
4.00
4.25
4.50
4.75
Apr-26
May-26
May-26
Jun-26
Jul-26
Aug-26
Dec26
Jun27
Fed fund rate
Jackson hole
Warsh inaugural  
FOMC
July FOMC


[Page 5]
 
 
 
The Investment Institute 
by UniCredit 
Central Banks Watch
14 September 2026
www.the-investment-institute.unicredit.eu 
Legal Notices 
Glossary 
Terms used in the report are available on our website: Our glossary. 
Marketing Communication 
This publication/video constitutes a marketing communication of UniCredit S.p.A., UniCredit Bank Austria AG, Schoellerbank AG and 
UniCredit Bank GmbH (hereinafter jointly referred to as the “UniCredit Group”) is addressed to the general public and is provided free of 
charge for information only. It does not constitute investment recommendation or consultancy activity by the UniCredit Group or, even 
less, an offer to the public of any kind nor an invitation to buy or sell securities. The information contained herein does not constitute an 
investment research or financial analysis since, in addition to the lack of content, it has not been prepared in accordance with legal 
requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research, and it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead 
of the dissemination of investment research. 
UniCredit Group, including all its group companies may have a specific interest in relation to the issuers, financial instruments or 
transactions detailed herein. Relevant disclosures of interests and positions held by UniCredit Group are available at: Conflicts of interest. 
Any estimates and/or assessments contained in this publication represent the independent opinion of the UniCredit Group and, like all 
the information contained therein, are given in good faith on the basis of the data available at the date of publication, taken from reliable 
sources, but having a purely indicative value and subject to change at any time after publication, on the completeness, correctness and 
truthfulness of which the UniCredit Group makes no guarantees and assumes no responsibility. Interested parties must therefore carry 
out their own investment assessments in a completely autonomous and independent manner, relying exclusively on their own 
considerations of the market conditions and the information available overall, also in line with their risk profile and economic situation. 
Investment involves risk. Before any transaction in financial instruments please refer to the relevant offering documents. It should also 
be noted that:   
1. Information relating to the past performance of a financial instrument, index or investment service is not indicative of future results. 
2. If the investment is denominated in a currency other than the investor’s currency, the value of the investment can fluctuate strongly 
according to changes in exchange rates and have an undesirable effect on the profitability of the investment. 
3. Investments that offer high returns can undergo significant price fluctuations following any downgrading of creditworthiness. In the 
event of bankruptcy of the issuer, the investor may lose the entire capital. 
4. High volatility investments can be subject to sudden and significant decreases in value, being able to generate significant losses at 
the time of sale up to the entire capital invested. 
5. In the presence of extraordinary events, it may be difficult for the investor to sell or liquidate certain investments or obtain reliable 
information on their value. 
6. If the information refers to a specific tax treatment, it should be noted that the tax treatment depends on the individual situation of 
the customer and may be subject to change in the future. 
7. If the information refers to future results, it should be noted that they do not constitute a reliable indicator of these results. 
8. Diversification does not guarantee a profit or protect against a loss.  
The UniCredit Group cannot in any way be held responsible for facts and/or damages that may arise to anyone from the use of this 
document, including, but not limited to, damages due to losses, lost earnings or unrealised savings. The contents of the publication – 
including data, news, information, images, graphics, drawings, brands, and domain names – are owned by the UniCredit Group unless 
otherwise indicated, covered by copyright and by the industrial property law. No license or right of use is granted and therefore it is not 
allowed to reproduce its contents, in whole or in part, on any medium, copy them, publish them and use them for commercial purposes 
without prior written authorisation from UniCredit Group unless if purposes of personal use only.   E 25/1 
 
