[Page 1]
GS Duttenhoefer - Duttenhoefers Daily 14 Sep 2026
Johannes Duttenhoefer  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Executive Director, Global Banking & Markets
Mon 14 Sep 2026, 1:46am ET
S&P +86bps @7657 (+12% ytd) despite the higher inflation print; Anthropic CEO moving the market
with his essay (see below); Kospi -3% driven by SkHyni
S&P +86bps @7657 (+12% ytd) despite the higher inflation print; Anthropic CEO moving the market
with his essay (see below); Kospi -3% driven by SkHynix/Samsung down -5%/-7%; Softbank currently
-12% in Japan (later OpenAI IPO?); Brent $107 (Saudi pipeline closed) and US 10yr at 4.97%; Gold
$4329 and Bitcoin close to $78k; market now pricing 86% for a Fed hike on Thursday (our economist also
changed their view into a hike); we have a busy week with several analyst days (e.g. Salesforce), company
events (e.g. SPCX Grok, SNAP Specs), conferences (our TMT Conf in London) and central banks
(FOMC, BoE and BoJ).
the most important weekend post: “we must pace the frontier” by Anthropic CEO Amodei; AI
development should be slowed because AI is increasingly helping to build the next generation of AI, while
safety, interpretability and operational controls are struggling to keep pace; company plans to embed
independent third-party evaluators with near-employee-level access to systems; this post was heavily
discussed (Elon Musk, David Sacks, Gavin Baker etc). Link
oil: Saudi Arabia closed a critical oil pipeline after it was attacked by drones launched from Iraq; ongoing
Middle East escalation. Link
OpenAI: Sam Altman says OpenAI will not go public this year due to safety concerns around AI; "I
actually think that, given everything happening with safety, right now would be an ill-advised moment to
go public, and we don't feel pressure on that." Link
our Tech Conf: Eric Sheridan hosted 42 companies in San Fran and summarized his key views; AI is
moving from experimentation to implementation; focus on AI spend is supportive of hyperscaler cloud
revenue trend; mgmt teams consistently highlighted a dual focus on driving margin expansion while
continuing to invest behind AI; digital consumer remains resilient despite mixed macro; advertising trends
remain healthy; details here: Link
AI Security: has been a key theme at our conference; Palo Alto CEO noted that AI security industry is “not
even built yet” and commented on high fragmentation in enterprise security stacks; Nvidia CEO Jensen
said ‘but the fact of the matter is cybersecurity will likely be the next major use case of AI, and it's going
to run continuously’. Link
US consumer: 1yr inflation expectations climbed to 4.6% in Sep vs 4% in Aug marking the highest
reading since June. Link
Eight Sleep: co-founder Franceschetti says the company's email marketing team is now zero people,
replaced by AI bots that generate close to $100m in revenue. Link


[Page 2]
Oura: filed to go public; revenue went from $697m during the nine-month period that ended June 30 last
year to $1.2bn this year; sold 3.6m rings over the past year and has 5m paid members; expected to seek a
$16bn valuation. Link
higher rates vs equities: our US chief strategies looking at the impact of higher rates on equities; rising
rates are a headwind for equity valuations, but earnings are the most important driver of stocks; valuations
relative to bonds have been roughly unchanged; equities typically struggle when the Fed starts to hike
rates, but we expect the bull market to continue; rebalance our Long Duration (GSTHLDUR) and Short
Duration (GSTHSDUR) baskets in this report. Link
FED: we now expect a 25bp hike on Wed; additional hikes are possible but are not our baseline; we think
that the FOMC will want to avoid the market reaction that would likely follow from remaining on hold
when the market is pricing a nearly 90% chance of a hike; we do not see a strong economic case for
raising the funds rate; we continue to think that all of the overshoot of the 2% target can be attributed to
one-time factors whose impact is likely to fade. Link
GOLD: our GS nowcast estimates strong central bank purchases of 44 tonnes in July (vs. a pre‑2022
average of 17 tonnes), with a large contribution from China; continue to see net upside risk to our
$4,900/oz end-2026 gold forecast, but also greater two-sided volatility along the path. Link
Stat of the Day: “S&P 500 has generated an average 3-month return of -2% at the start of seven hiking
cycles during the last few decades, and Fed tightening is one of the dynamics that has characterized the
end of other major bull markets during the past century.” Link
Chart of the Day: HFs have net bought US TMT stocks in 10 of the last 11 trading sessions, and on a
trailing 2-week basis in % terms, the recent pace of long buying in US TMT is the largest since Jun ’25
and ranks in the 97th percentile on a 5-year lookback. Link
Source: Goldman Sachs; past performance is no indicator for future performance.


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 14 September 2026.
