[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 14 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, Global Banking & Markets
Mon 14 Sep 2026, 2:10am ET
Stat of the Day Macro Products saw the largest $ net selling since the week of Liberation Day, driven
entirely by short sales and pointing to increase
Stat of the Day
Macro Products saw the largest $ net selling since the week of Liberation Day, driven entirely by short
sales and pointing to increased hedging into the August CPI print
Chart of the day (Here)
After falling sharply in June & July, Semis net exposure has ticked up so far in August as HFs net bought
the group, while positioning in Software has continued to stabilize. Net exposure in Broad AI names
(GSTMTAIP) has risen MTD though is still well below the record highs seen in May
Macro & Industry Highlights
Higher Rates on Equities - Rising interest rates are a headwind for equity valuations, but earnings are the
most important driver of stocks. The S&P 500 forward P/E has declined from 22x at the start of the year to
19x today, but the index nonetheless sits within 2% of its record high. While the S&P 500 P/E multiple has
declined this year, valuations relative to bonds have been roughly unchanged. The equity risk premium is
currently 3% and has been fairly stable during the last two years. Regardless of the level of rates, elevated
interest rate volatility also creates a challenge for stocks. Equities typically struggle when the Fed starts to
hike rates, but we expect the bull market to continue. The S&P 500 has generated an average 3-month
return of -2% at the start of seven hiking cycles during the last few decades, and Fed tightening is one of
the dynamics that has characterized the end of other major bull markets during the past century. However,
equities have often performed well during tightening cycles. The S&P 500 has generated an average return
of +9% during the 12 months following the first hike. Today, the market is already pricing more than three
hikes within the next year, and corporate earnings and balance sheets are both robust. Higher interest rates
have varying effects on stocks via valuations, balance sheets, and earnings. For investors, stocks involved
in home construction are one of the most sensitive parts of the equity market to long-term interest rates.
The stocks have underperformed the equal-weight S&P 500 by 16 pp since June. In contrast, Financials
typically outperform as rates rise.
September Hike? - We added a 25bp rate hike at this week’s September FOMC meeting to our forecast last
Friday following the August CPI report. The report had little impact on our inflation view but pushed
market pricing of a hike to nearly 90%, high enough that the FOMC will likely want to avoid the market
reaction that would likely follow from remaining on hold. We continue to expect two cuts in 2027 but now
expect them in September and December (vs. June and December previously). We have also raised our
forecast for the terminal rate to 3.25-3.5% (vs. 3-3.25% previously). We do not see a strong economic case


[Page 2]
for raising the funds rate. We think that all of the overshoot of 2% can be attributed to one-time factors
whose impact is likely to fade, that the improvement in core PCE inflation to a roughly 2.5% pace over the
last three months is an early sign of this, that high inflation looks broad-based mainly because of tariff
effects, that inflation expectations are not at immediate risk of unanchoring, and that the economy is not
overheated, which is the usual rationale for raising rates. We think that some FOMC participants will
sympathize with these points and as a result will be reluctant to signal any additional hikes.
Actionable GS Research Overnight
Internet Communacopia Takeaways - AI is increasingly moving from experimentation to implementation,
with companies now pointing to measurable business outcomes across customer service automation,
advertising optimization, search and discovery, marketplace matching, fulfillment operations, and internal
productivity initiative; While traffic from AI-powered shopping assistants and LLM-driven discovery
remains relatively small today, management teams broadly view these surfaces as complementary
discovery channels for new consumer entry points; Continued focus on AI spend is supportive of
hyperscaler cloud revenue trends in the coming 12+ months, with companies increasingly evaluating a
broad range of operating partnerships across both capacity and chips; Management teams consistently
highlighted a dual focus on driving margin expansion while continuing to invest behind AI, product
innovation, customer acquisition, and ecosystem expansion; The digital consumer remains resilient despite
mixed macroeconomic signals, with consumers continuing to prioritize value, convenience, services, and
necessity-driven purchases, while discretionary spending remains selective but shows little evidence of
broad-based slowdown; In terms of consumer spending, companies, especially those in the gig economy
and travel landscape, continued to highlight an ongoing shift toward services (& away from goods) as a
continued theme among the digital consumer; Digital advertising trends remain healthy, with AI
increasingly enhancing targeting, measurement, and advertising efficiency, while advertisers continue to
prioritize performance-oriented budgets and ROI-driven customer acquisition; Companies continue to
prioritize market share gains with growth increasingly driven by execution, product innovation, customer
acquisition, and ecosystem expansion; Recurring revenue streams, loyalty programs, subscriptions, and
ecosystem-based offerings continue to outperform, as companies focus on increasing customer lifetime
value, retention, and share of wallet; & Companies are aligning opex and capex investments toward a
mixture of growth investments, particularly through the reinvestment of any operating efficiency gains,
while also remaining in a position of returning excess capital to shareholders (especially in cases where
company management view current valuations as attractive).
Meta Muse AI - We see a key advantage for Meta being scale & distribution (i.e. the ability to leverage
billions of daily active users across Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp) - by integrating
identity, commerce, payments, communications, and advertising infrastructure into a single platform, Meta
has a powerful user acquisition advantage that is difficult for startups/independent AI companies to
replicate. Based on past corporate priorities, it is unlikely that Meta overly emphasizes monetization with
such an effort in the early adoption period & instead anchors its strategic approach to this effort building
scale of adoption among users. Lastly on consumer trust - we see any questions or hesitancy from
consumers around data privacy and security as likely the biggest potential headwind for broad based


[Page 3]
adoption of consumer AI agents. We expect consistency of performance (lack of errors in sourcing
products and transaction completion) to be the biggest factor that must be executed consistently to retain
and build transactional momentum among platform users.
Oracle Results - Oracle was down 2% on 9/11 post its 1QFY (August) report. Revenue was 1% above the
Street; IaaS was 3% above (+121% yoy) and SaaS -1% below (+10% yoy, VisibleAlpha). Oracle updated
FY27 guidance to $90bn+ (from $90bn) of revenue and maintained capex guidance of $90-95bn (or $70bn
adjusted for customer prepayments). We believe the quarter largely provided clarity on near-term debates:
Oracle is showing evidence of backlog conversion translating into revenue, with OCI growth accelerating
to 121% (93% in 4Q) as incremental capacity comes online, alongside delivery of 850MW in the quarter.
The company also removed a key financing overhang by completing the $20bn ATM and highlighted that
most incremental RPO is being funded through prepayments, supplier financing, and BYOC structures. In
our view, the larger debate remains FY28 and beyond as investors look to gain visibility into the
magnitude of FY28 capex, future funding requirements, and when the company returns to consolidated
positive FCF. We believe the key for the stock from here will be Oracle's ability to stay on pace with its
capacity ramp while demonstrating that incremental supply is translating into RPO conversion, revenue,
and ultimately gross profit growth. Investor focus now shifts to Oracle's October Investor Day, where we
look for greater visibility into backlog conversion, capacity deployment, the magnitude of FY28 capital
requirements, and potential upside to the revenue outlook given continued growth in RPO.
Market Update
US equities finished the week with strong gains Friday after the market viewed the firmer core CPI
reading as a ‘rip the band aid’ moment into next week’s FOMC decision (September hike odds now sitting
near ~90%). Core CPI came in at 29bp unrounded core CPI, with firmness versus GIR’s estimates coming
from communication (worth about 8bp of upside versus econ's forecast), public transportation, and
lodging. OER/rent were quite benign, and medical care service inflation was a bit softer.
From a flow perspective Asset managers were better for sale this week with supply in macro products,
communication services, healthcare, industrials, and tech. Hedge funds were better for sale shorting macro
products and supply in the technology space. We saw small hedge fund demand in financials.
CALENDAR
There are no major economic data releases scheduled.
Earnings:
Pre: /
Post: /
US Conferences
Event
Date


[Page 4]
Sector
Registration
Communacopia and Technology Conference, San Francisco
8-11 Sep
TMT
Register Here
GS Global Retailing Conference, New York
14-15 Sep
Consumer
Register Here
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York
2-3 Dec
Industrials
Save the Date
GS Financial Services Conference, New York
8-9 Dec
Financials
Save the Date
Bookmark | Read


[Page 5]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 14 September 2026.
