[Page 1]
GS Marson - What Matters Today Slower Pace for Frontier Model
Development A Hike Without a Signal The impact of higher interest
rates on equities in charts Positioning & Flow Update 14 Sep 2026
Pedro Marson  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Associate, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Mon 14 Sep 2026, 8:11am ET
Today, Monday, September 14th is DAY ONE of the Global Consumer and Retail Conference.
1) Slower Pace for Frontier-Model Development
The AI debate took a sharper turn this weekend, with Dario Amodei pushing for a slower pace of frontier-
model development. Leaders of other frontier labs came to his suport including Sam altman and Elon
Musk. See rich Privo's take bellow:
"Markets: Tricky weekend for both the AI trade and the energy complex. Starting with AI… Dario
Amodei’s call to “pace the frontier,” backed in varying degrees by Altman, Musk and Hassabis, has hit the
Asian AI complex hard. SoftBank was down double digits and the broader complex weaker. The market
concern is obvious.. if safety and alignment concerns force the frontier to slow, regulation becomes
another reason to compress AI multiples and potentially question the durability of capex.
Optimism over Doomerism: I still think the amount of spending that ultimately changes is pretty low. In
fact, if you take these people at their word… those at the absolute coalface of the technology are telling
you it is advancing at such an alarming rate that they need to slow it down. That is a pretty enormous
endorsement of the technology itself. It doesn’t necessarily make you want to pay a higher multiple today,
and the political dimension is increasingly hard to disprove, but I struggle to see Microsoft, Meta or China
suddenly stopping. The more realistic endgame looks like independent evaluators underwriting model
development and much stronger safety gates. There are real security and alignment concerns and getting
that right matters… but the concerns feels overdone. If anything, the message that "this stuff really works”
is embedded in the warning itself."
One silver lining is that the AI messaging from the GS Tech Conference was still exceptionally strong.
Jensen reiterated $3–4tn of AI infrastructure spend by 2030. Demand continues to outstrip supply. The
bottlenecks are increasingly power, land and datacenter capacity rather than a lack of compute demand.
SemiCap backlogs remain elevated, 8–10 new fabs are expected next year, and DRAM is expected to be
the biggest WFE growth driver in ’27. Memory / Storage commentary was equally constructive, with AI
inference and larger context windows driving structurally higher data needs and tightness expected for
another 12–18 months. Full takeaways here.
2) A Hike Without a Signal?
Our Econ team added a 25bp rate hike at this September FOMC to our forecast last Friday following the
August CPI report. The report had little impact on our inflation view but pushed market pricing of a hike


[Page 2]
to nearly 90%, high enough that the FOMC will likely want to avoid the market reaction that would likely
follow from remaining on hold.
We do not see a strong economic case for raising the funds rate. We think that all of the overshoot of 2%
can be attributed to one-time factors whose impact is likely to fade, that the improvement in core PCE
inflation to a roughly 2.5% pace over the last three months is an early sign of this, that high inflation looks
broad-based mainly because of tariff effects, that inflation expectations are not at immediate risk of
unanchoring, and that the economy is not overheated, which is the usual rationale for raising rates.
3) The impact of higher interest rates on equities in charts
Rising interest rates are a headwind for equity valuations, but earnings are the most important driver of
stocks. The S&P 500 forward P/E has declined from 22x at the start of the year to 19x today, but the index
nonetheless sits within 2% of its record high. While the S&P 500 P/E multiple has declined this year,
valuations relative to bonds have been roughly unchanged. The equity risk premium is currently 3% and
has been fairly stable during the last two years. Regardless of the level of rates, elevated interest rate
volatility also creates a challenge for stocks.


[Page 3]
Equities typically struggle when the Fed starts to hike rates, but we expect the bull market to continue. The
S&P 500 has generated an average 3-month return of -2% at the start of seven hiking cycles during the last
few decades, and Fed tightening is one of the dynamics that has characterized the end of other major bull
markets during the past century. However, equities have often performed well during tightening cycles.
The S&P 500 has generated an average return of +9% during the 12 months following the first hike.
Today, the market is already pricing more than three hikes within the next year, and corporate earnings and
balance sheets are both robust.


[Page 4]
A company can maintain its valuation in the face of rising interest rates if its risk premium falls or its
growth rate rises. To fully offset the impact of a 1 pp increase in the cost of equity from today's levels, a
company's expected long-term growth would need to increase by 2 pp. One way to boost growth is
through investment in capex and R&D. M&A and spinoffs are other avenues for companies to improve
their growth trajectories.
4) Positioning & Flow Update


[Page 5]
GS PB shows HFs have bought US TMT in 10 of the last 11 sessions (led by Semis & Semi Equip), with
the 2-week pace of long buying in the 97th percentile of the last five years:
US L/S gross sits around the 20th percentile on a 1-year lookback and net at just the 6th percentile. HFs
also aggressively shorted Macro Products last week, with Index / ETF selling the largest since Liberation
Day. Tech exposure has been reloaded, but the broader US equity complex has been net sold to fund it
recently


[Page 6]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 14 September 2026.
