[Page 1]
GS Pasquariello - markets macro 14 Sep 2026
Tony Pasquariello  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, Global Banking & Markets, FICC & Equities
Mon 14 Sep 2026, 6:37am ET
1. two local hot spots:
i. Rich Privorotsky on pacing the frontier: "those at the absolute coalface of the technology are telling you
it is advancing at such an alarming rate that they need to slow it down. that is a pretty enormous
endorsement of the technology itself. there are real security and alignment concerns and getting that right
matters ... the message that 'this stuff really works' is embedded in the warning itself".
ii. David Mericle on the Fed: "we added a 25bp rate hike at this week's September FOMC meeting to our
forecast ... [but] we do not see a strong economic case for raising the funds rate. we think that all of the
overshoot of 2% can be attributed to one-time factors whose impact is likely to fade, that the improvement
in core PCE inflation to a roughly 2.5% pace over the last three months is an early sign of this, that high
inflation looks broad-based mainly because of tariff effects, that inflation expectations are not at
immediate risk of un-anchoring, and that the economy is not overheated".
2. broader market context. the game isn't easy right now. stocks remain mired in a tug-of-war -- irritated by
oil and rates, supported by earnings growth. in turn, despite all that's going on these days, the market has
again settled into a pocket of consolidation (as detailed in the next paragraph). very locally, after bleeding
lower for four straight days, the end of last week brought a textbook test-and-hold of the 50-day moving
average. so, with a big week in front of us -- headlined by the Fed and the BOJ, in addition to heavy news
flow around both AI and Iran -- September is living up to its billing as a tricky month.
3. this surprised me. for the past 27 sessions, the intraday trading range in S&P has been less than 1%. for
good order's sake, that's the longest streak in the COVID / post-COVID era. in the search for a moral to
this story, Brian Garrett made a good point: "this speaks to current market structure. lower trading volumes
and relatively light news = the options market plays a larger role in the intraday. 0DTE 'income' strategies
that harvest volatility are massive in S&P ... they start at 9:30, so in the absence of intraday catalysts, they
can force the market into a more narrow band throughout the session."
4. what's working. 2026 has been a highly unique year. to say it again, each week has felt like its own
distinct adventure. part-and-parcel of that context has been a series of searing moves in the momentum
factor. yet, through it all, one marriage continues to deliver: long energy (+44%) AND long tech (+23%).
as a variation on that theme, also note that a paid position in global rates has blended very well with equity
length. given the macro dynamics at work -- more on this in point #7 and #10 -- I wouldn't be inclined to
pull up stakes on either of those pairings just yet.
5. positioning. the most salient pattern in recent franchise activity is sobriety. to illustrate, if you take our
entire PB book and calibrate vs the past year, net exposure measures in the 26th percentile (in fact, last
week saw the largest selling of macro products since Liberation Day). more broadly, the sentiment


[Page 2]
indicator from US portfolio strategy registers at -0.5 standard deviations, which is the lowest since March
and measures in the 26th percentile of the past ten years.
6. a follow-on point. I understand why the discretionary community has cut risk into a notoriously poor
seasonal period. I'm also aware of the length that systematic funds would need to reflexively cut at lower
prices. with that said, I'm still eying a sequence where the market does the work that it needs to do in
September and October -- and, all else equal, that sets the technicals up nicely for the last two months of
the year.
7. the Fed and the stock market. right on cue, Ben Snider and the US portfolio strategy team have
examined how US equities perform when the Fed raises rates: here's my executive summary:
i. using the last seven tightening cycles as evidence, S&P usually struggles at the start of things -- the
average is -2% over the first three months.
ii. but, the pinch typically doesn't last very long -- the average is +9% over the next 12 months.
iii. the big exception to that last point was a bruiser in 2022.
iv. the eventual trajectory of the market is determined by earnings growth; the speed and volatility of the
moves in rates can heavily influence stocks along the way.
v. the two best sectors to own in those early months: tech and energy (of course they are).
8. US consumer. this week brings our flagship US retail / consumer conference (Monday / Tuesday). by
way of setup, the chart work is ugly (witness NKE, LULU, CCL, on and on). in turn, sentiment is dreadful
and positioning is very defensive (stats available, they're also ugly). while I'm acutely aware of the macro
headwinds, given how downbeat expectations are, my instinct is there's scope for some positive surprises
here. as Scott Feiler pointed out, XRT has a demonstrated pattern of outperforming on the two days of our
conference (call it seven of the past ten occurrences).
9. Japan. I was asked last week what the spec community is doing here. the short answer: they've sold it
for three straight months, which has unwound the majority of the length that was established earlier in the
year. I understand that JPY vol makes this a more difficult position to hold (and that a sustained
appreciation will argue for EPS cuts). I also understand that if one is worried about debt loads and global
back ends, that story starts with JGBs. with all that said, I still think you need to keep a few lines in the
water here over the medium-term. given the macro complexities, I prefer the domestic exposure of TPX
over the export sensitivity of NKY (also note that long EWJ = long JPY).
10. speaking of debt and deficits. the most interesting macro note that I read this week takes a direct look
at the trend of things in the US: if you asked me what's the biggest LONG-TERM risk to US equities, I'd
say it's US fiscal sustainability -- which I worry will result in much higher taxes or much higher rates,
neither of which will endear stock operators.
11. one chart for the road. subject to your interpretation, this is the BCOM commodities index since the
end start of 2020, which despite poor seasonals has forcefully broken up-and-above the 2022 highs:


[Page 3]
Source: Bloomberg as of 11 Sep 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
