[Page 1]
T2se3r0Ot6kwoPa
T2se3r0Ot6kwoPa
Distributed on: 15/09/2026 05:38:48 GMT
Distributed on: 15/09/2026 05:38:48 GMT
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Research    
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 2021 
INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER DETAILS.  
 
Economics 
Early Morning Reid 
 
Date 
15 September 2026 
Macro Strategy 
Key Market Data 
(Index @ Close // Change) 
(S&P 500 @ 7620 // -0.48%) 
(STOXX Europe 600 @ 636 // -0.49%) 
(iTraxx Crossover @ 262 // +5) 
(Brent Oil^ @ 107.23 // -0.46%) 
(10yr Treasury^ @ 5.01 // 5 bp) 
(10yr Bund @ 3.52 // 1 bp) 
(Dollar Index^ @ 99.61 // +0.43%) 
(Further Fed hikes/cuts priced for 2026 @ 52 // 2 bp) 
(Further ECB hikes/cuts priced for 2026 @ 39 // 0 bp) 
^ - Change from previous day's 4:30 GMT to 04:30 GMT 
 
*** Henry’s written a report for the DB Research Institute on how we’ve shifted 
from a demand-driven world in the 2010s to a supply-driven one in the 2020s. It 
covers how supply shocks have changed the economic playbook, rendering 
traditional demand-side stimulus ineffective, and making inflation spikes more 
likely. You can see the report here. ***  
*** And staying in advertising mode, Adrian Cox has just published “AI doom: A 
brief history of bad tech predictions”, which puts the current concerns in the 
context of good and bad predictions in the past and breaks down why it is just so 
hard to predict the impact of technology. Click here to read and share on the 
Deutsche Bank Research Institute website. ***  
As I continue to bravely soldier on through manflu, markets have started the week 
with a few notable coughs and splutters as inflationary fears and talk of an AI 
slowdown have led to a difficult 24 hours. Although the weekend talk was all 
about AI, the broader market driver was a fresh rise in energy prices, with Brent 
crude (+1.02%) closing at $105.68/bbl, and back above $107 this morning, while 
European natural gas futures (+3.83%) hit their highest since 2022. So that 
pushed bond yields to multi-year highs, and we even saw the 10yr Treasury yield 
(+2.0bps to 4.99%) move above 5% in trading for the first time since 2023. It's 
back above that level in Asia as I type. The 5% threshold alone would have been 
a newsworthy day, but we simultaneously saw a huge slump for chip stocks 
given the AI slowdown headlines, with the Philly semiconductor index (-5.86%) 
posting its worst day since July. So it was another session where September lived 
up to its reputation as the worst month of the year for asset performance, with 
bonds and equities continuing to struggle. Today we'll hear from US Treasury 
Secretary Bessent in his testimony to the House Financial Services Committee. 
It'll be interesting to see if he tries to lean in some credible way against the rising 
tide of bond yields.    
 
Jim Reid 
Global Head of Macro and Thematic 
Research 
+44-20-754-72943 
 
Henry Allen 
Macro Strategist 
+44-20-754-11149 
 
Peter Sidorov, CFA 
Senior Economist 
+1-585-615-0253 
 
Asim Kaul 
Research Associate 
 
 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 2]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 2 
 
Before this, geopolitical headlines were the biggest factor behind yesterday’s 
selloff. In part, this followed Friday night's closure of Saudi Arabia’s east-west 
pipeline, which acts as an alternative to the Strait of Hormuz. There was hope this 
was largely precautionary but the Associated Press reported officials yesterday 
who said the repairs could take 3-5 weeks. So with another supply route taken 
out, that added to fears about a lengthier period of disruption. In addition, as we 
discussed yesterday morning, the meeting between Iran and other Gulf nations 
about a temporary shipping lane in the Strait of Hormuz scheduled for Monday 
was postponed on Sunday. We don’t have the exact details, but Bloomberg 
reported that a source had suggested this was partly because of Saudi Arabia’s 
frustration at Iran-backed groups continuing attacks on its territory. So that 
dampened hopes about traffic resuming through the Strait of Hormuz anytime 
soon.   
We did see a decent turnaround later in the session after President Trump posted 
that Russia and Ukraine had agreed to halt their strikes on energy targets and 
made a series of posts about Iran, including that it “wants to make a deal, quickly 
and badly”. It later appeared that any Russia-Ukraine deal on energy strikes was 
not actually agreed yet, with Ukraine’s President Zelenskiy acknowledging a 
“strong US proposal” while saying that Ukraine would suspend its strikes if 
Russia were to stop attacks on Ukraine’s “energy facilities, critical 
infrastructure and food supply routes”. Still, with Trump’s posts suggesting an 
increased sensitivity to higher energy prices, and with Iran’s ILNA citing Pakistani 
sources that the US was seeking a “step-by-step” agreement with Iran, the rise in 
oil lost some of its steam. 
All that meant energy prices extended the large gains we saw last week but 
closed well off the day’s highs. For instance, Brent crude (+1.02%) settled at 
$105.68/bbl by the close, after trading as high as $109.80 at the start of the US 
session, while WTI was +1.34% higher to $101.39/bbl. Brent is another +1.54% 
higher this morning at $107.31, still comfortably off yesterday's highs but 
creeping back towards it. Over the other side of the pond, front-end European 
natural gas futures were up another +3.83% yesterday to a post-2022 high of 
€82.60/MWh. 
That backdrop of building inflation meant investors priced in a growing chance of 
a full-blown hiking cycle for the months ahead. Indeed, the probability of a Fed 
hike tomorrow was up to 92% by the close last night, from 88% at the end of last 
week. And looking further out, 90bps of hikes are now priced by the June 2027 
meeting, up +2.0bps on the previous day. That contributed to a fresh surge in 
Treasury yields across the curve, with the 10yr yield briefly moving above 5% for 
the first time since 2023. Yields did then turn lower, helped by Trump’s post on 
the energy strikes, but a late sell-off still saw yields end the day at their highest 
levels since autumn 2023. Ultimately, the 10yr yield (+2.0bps) closed at 4.99%, 
while the 2yr yield (+3.4bps) saw a larger rise to 4.66%. As mentioned at the top 
10yr yields are now back above 5% in Asia, trading at 5.02% as I type.   
Over in Europe the fixed income sell-off was more consistent given the 
continent’s bigger exposure to higher energy prices. Moreover, a hawkish shift in 
ECB pricing drove a big selloff at the front end in particular. So among others, 
Germany’s 2yr yield (+6.8bps) jumped to 3.26%, the highest since September 
2023, and the 10yr bund yield (+1.2bps) hit a post-2009 high of 3.51%. The larger 
front-end repricing came amid a larger rise in European inflation expectations, 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 3]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 3 
 
with the Euro 1yr inflation swap (+9.8bps) up to 3.60%, whilst the US 1yr 
inflation swap (+0.7bps) saw a marginal rise to 2.59%. Elsewhere in Europe, the 
10yr OAT yield (+2.0bps) hit a post-2008 high of 4.47%, and here in the UK, the 
10yr gilt yield (+2.4bps) hit a post-2007 high of 5.37%.  
As all that was going on, there was a big selloff in chip stocks yesterday after the 
weekend calls for some kind of AI slowdown. So the Philly semiconductor index 
(-5.86%) had its worst daily performance since July. President Trump again 
pushed back against the prospect of an AI slowdown, as he had initially on 
Sunday, saying yesterday that the US already had “tremendous CRIMINAL and 
REGULATORY power over these companies!” And then in a separate post, he said 
that “the United States is leading, by a lot, every other country. Don’t kill the 
Golden Goose!” While this helped chip stocks recover a bit, they were back near 
the day’s lows by the close. That slump helped to drag US equities down more 
broadly, with the S&P 500 (-0.48%) seeing a decent fall, despite a narrow 
majority of companies in the index rising on the day. In Europe, the STOXX 600 
(-0.49%) registered a similar loss.  
Markets are lower again in Asia but losses are relatively contained. As I check my 
screens, the S&P/ASX 200 (-0.89%), the KOSPI (-0.71%), the Hang Seng (-0.23%) 
and the Nikkei (-0.16%) are all in negative territory with mainland Chinese stocks 
just on the negative side. US equity futures are down a couple of tenths of a 
percent with European futures flat.  
Early morning data showed that China’s industrial production grew 5.2% year-
on-year in August, surpassing market expectations of 4.8% and accelerating 
from the 4.5% growth seen in July. The stronger-than-expected performance was 
largely supported by robust external demand, which continued to bolster 
export-oriented manufacturing despite broader signs of economic weakness. 
However, industrial production remained the lone bright spot in an otherwise 
challenging economic landscape. Fixed asset investment for the January-
August period contracted by -7.2%, slightly worse than the -7.1% expected 
decline and deteriorating further from the -6.7% contraction recorded in the 
previous month. As a key indicator of both public and private capital expenditure 
in China, the metric has remained firmly in negative territory since April, 
highlighting persistent weakness in investment activity. Meanwhile, retail sales 
increased just +0.4% year-on-year in August, falling short of +0.8% expectations 
and slowing from the 0.6% rise seen in July. The data suggests that consumer 
spending in the world's second-largest economy remains subdued despite a 
series of stimulus and support measures introduced by Beijing. 
Separately, China’s property sector continued to weigh on economic activity, 
with new home prices declining by -0.17% in August, nearly matching July’s -
0.18% drop. The continued fall in housing prices underscores the ongoing 
challenges posed by the country’s prolonged real estate downturn. 
Finally, there was very little data yesterday, although we did get Canada’s CPI 
print for August. That was exactly as expected, with headline CPI remaining at 
+3.0%, and the various core measures also in line with expectations. Against that 
backdrop, there was little change in market pricing for the Bank of Canada’s next 
meeting in late-October, with a 75% chance of a hike priced in by the close.  
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 4]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 4 
 
Looking at the day ahead, data releases include UK unemployment for July, the 
German ZEW survey for September, and the US Empire State manufacturing 
survey for September. From central banks, we’ll hear from the ECB’s Escriva and 
Cipollone. Otherwise, US Treasury Secretary Bessent will be testifying before the 
House Financial Services Committee. 
Other Market Data 
(10y US Real Yield @ 2.60 // 1 bp) 
(10y US Breakevens @ 2.38 // 1 bp) 
(10y German Breakeven @ 2.26 // 2 bp) 
(iTraxx Europe 125 @ 54 // +1) 
(CDX 125 @ 52 // +1) 
(CDX HY - pts* @ 107.25 // -0.169) 
(iTraxx Sen Fin @ 57 // +1) 
(iTraxx Sub Fin @ 91 // +2) 
(CDX EM @ 98.3 // -0.1) 
(WTI Oil^ @ 103.08 // +0.22%) 
(EUR/USD^ @ 1.154 // -0.43%) 
(NIKKEI @ 63670 // +0.28%) 
(Hang Seng @ 24859 // -0.23%) 
(VIX @ 17.10 // +1.26) 
(Gold^ @ 4304 // -0.79%) 
 
Key Economic Data 
(Release // DB // Prev // Con) 
(NY Fed Empire State Survey // 12.1 // 20.6 // 15.0) 
 
Topical Deutsche Bank publications: 
* IG & HY Strategy: Of Hyperscalers, Hikes and Hormuz, Sep 14 
* Fed Notes: Rising bond yields and the Fed: September FOMC survey results, 
Sep 14 
* Rate Check: Where Macro Meets Markets: What's happening in Europe?, Sep 
09 
* IG & HY Strategy: Private Credit: BDC inflows disappear, as credit risk (slowly) 
rises, Sep 08 
* Fed Notes: What will the Warsh Fed do next week and how will bonds react? 
Sept FOMC survey, Sep 08 
* Fed Watcher: Family fight about to come to a head, Sep 08 
Asim Kaul is an employee of Evalueserve Pvt. Ltd., a third-party research service 
provider to Deutsche Bank. 
 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 5]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 5 
 
Appendix 1 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific 
recommendation or view in this report. Henry Allen, Jim Reid, Peter Sidorov, CFA.  
Important Disclosures 
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject 
companies, and other sources. For further information regarding disclosures relevant to Deutsche Bank Research, 
please visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at 
https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/FICCDisclosures. Aside from within this report, important risk and 
conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer . Investors are 
strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
 
 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 6]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 6 
 
Additional Information 
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 
'Deutsche Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources 
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to 
third-party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the 
content nor is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.  
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this 
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche 
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.  
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its 
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within 
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those 
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, 
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of 
communication may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, 
methodologies, perspectives or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity 
securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its 
affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading and principal trading revenues.  
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They 
do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank 
provides liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research 
analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-
term ratings. Some trade ideas for equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website 
(https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the general coverage list and also on the covered 
company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or 
underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks and no more than 
three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with Deutsche 
Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be 
directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. 
Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an 
opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market 
conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at 
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department 
Management, and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational 
purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of 
individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate 
in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst's judgment. The 
financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own 
informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, 
and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial 
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations 
exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of 
the previous trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is 
also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in 
the preparation of this material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, 
content drafting and editorial corrections pertaining to research material.  
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 7]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 7 
 
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding 
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with 
respect to our research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer.  
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that 
promise to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these 
cash flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus 
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher 
will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most 
common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client 
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax 
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of 
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of 
fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to 
inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings 
may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The 
choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., 
coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in 
a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.  
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The 
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their 
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should 
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this 
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the 
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the 
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not 
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of 
Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-information/documents-and-archives/options-
disclosure-document. If you are unable to access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a 
copy of this important document.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) 
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by 
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and 
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed 
exchange controls, which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values 
are affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.  
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the 'Disclosures' tab. Investors are 
strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial 
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any 
information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, 
Deutsche Bank is not acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation 
whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained 
herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of 
any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or 
service or any trading strategy.  
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 8]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 8 
 
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or 
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it 
in making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially 
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to 
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in 
the offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this 
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.  
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to 
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have 
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been 
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.  
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC. 
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as 
research analysts with FINRA.  
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt 
am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European 
Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority.  
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. 
Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.  
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to 
futures contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports 
on such futures contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or 
resident in Hong Kong. The author(s) of a research report, and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, 
may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in Hong Kong, and if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as 
being able to do so. The provisions set out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest 
extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons 
Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 
'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. This document must not be acted or relied on by 
persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is 
only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional investors.  
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and 
registered office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 
7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration 
no.: INZ000252437; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing 
SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 
4929 email ID: complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way 
guarantee performance of DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are 
subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received 
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may 
have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the 
"Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India 
research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-equities-india/index?language_id=1.  
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 9]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 9 
 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks 
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by 
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead 
to losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional 
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories 
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the 
risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or 
fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should 
carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 'Moody's', 'Standard Poor's', and 
'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or 'Nippon' is 
specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI 
are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign 
securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.  
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.  
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register 
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).  
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower 
Singapore 048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection 
with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an 
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and 
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.  
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should 
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank 
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without 
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only 
and is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.  
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial 
Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche 
Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.  
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.  
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the 
Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the 
following business activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities. DSSA registered office is Faisaliah 
Tower, 17th Floor, King Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.  
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is 
regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the 
financial services activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the 
DIFC: Dubai International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This 
information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to 
Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.  
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 10]
15 September 2026 
Early Morning Reid 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 10 
 
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research 
disclosures and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-
PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the 
research should consider any product disclosure statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document 
before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an 
individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject 
of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material 
in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior approval from Research Management, analysts may not 
accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by 
analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research 
Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for 
their personal use from issuers they cover.  
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available 
upon request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written 
consent.  
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance 
record based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive 
application of a backtested model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events 
the backtesting of performance also differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy 
may be adjusted any time, for any reason, including a response to material, economic or market factors. The 
backtested performance includes hypothetical results that do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other 
earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other commissions, and any other expenses that a client 
would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading strategy or account will or is likely to 
achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or assumptions might produce 
significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results are neither an 
indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.  
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed 
by the Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human 
intervention. Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the 
findings in a variety of ways. As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other ESG data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other divisions within the Deutsche Bank Group. Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings 
and rankings that have historically been applied in research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG. Further, such 
ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of Deutsche Bank AG.  
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to 
participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective 
and other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, 
and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high 
performance standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any 
company will meet expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact 
performance.  
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG  
 
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3


[Page 11]
      
 
 
David Folkerts-Landau 
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research 
Pam Finelli 
COO and Head of Fixed 
Income Research 
Steve Pollard 
Global Head of Company 
Research and Sales 
Jim Reid 
Global Head of Macro and 
Thematic Research 
Tim Rokossa 
Head of European 
Company Research 
Matthew Barnard 
Head of Americas 
Company Research 
Debbie Jones 
Global Head of 
Sustainability and Data 
Innovation, Research 
Robin Winkler 
Head of German Macro 
Research 
Sameer Goel 
Global Head of EM & 
APAC Research 
Francis Yared 
Global Head of Rates 
Research 
George Saravelos 
Global Head of FX 
Research 
Peter Hooper 
Vice-Chair of Research 
Nilendra de-Mel 
Head of APAC & Middle 
East Product 
Development 
 
International Production Locations 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Level 16 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets 
Sydney, NSW 2000 
Australia 
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Equity Research 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tel: (49) 69 910 00 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Hongkong 
International Commerce 
Centre 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, 
Hong Kong 
Tel: (852) 2203 8888 
  
Deutsche Securities Inc. 
1-3-1 Azabudai 
Azabudai Hills Mori JP 
Tower 
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-
0041 
Japan 
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000 
  
  
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
The Deutsche Bank Center 
1 Columbus Circle 
New York, NY 10019 
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500 
  
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Singapur 
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower 
Singapore 048583 
Tel: (65) 6423 8001 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
For the exclusive use of Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA
Downloaded from Capital IQ by Pierre-Yves LANZ (planz@pictet.com) at Pictet Asset Management SA on Tuesday Sep 15 2026 03:03:27 AM, Sessionid:jbp1i4oq4gkirx3bcx1avpl3
