[Page 1]
Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby 
+1(646)446-3905 | 
yulia.grigsby@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Alexandra Paulus 
+1(212)902-7111 | 
alexandra.paulus@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Filippo Cuscito 
+44(20)7051-9073 | 
filippo.cuscito@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Daan Struyven 
+1(212)357-4172 | 
daan.struyven@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Oil Tracker: Mideast Exports: Resilient, But Increasingly at Risk
14 September 2026 | 9:54PM EDT
Brent crude prices have risen to nearly $110 as Saudi Arabia closed its 7mb/d 
n
East-West pipeline following Thursday’s attacks and as a meeting between Iran 
and other Gulf nations on the future of Hormuz shipping has been postponed. 
While the affected oil volumes and the duration of the outages remain 
o
highly uncertain, the April attack on the East-West pipeline reduced oil 
flows by 0.7mb/d for only four days. 
The recent attack may be more severe and could threaten the 
§
remaining 2mb/d of recent Yanbu exports, with the latest repair 
assessments ranging from “very soon” to eight weeks. 
Although Saudi Arabia’s oil exports decreased by 2.8mb/d 
o
month-over-month in August as Yanbu loadings dropped below 2mb/d, 
exports have recovered over the last two weeks to June averages, likely 
reflecting reverse redirections from Red Sea ports to Eastern ports (Exhibit 
1). 
Saudi Arabia’s Red Sea exports remain 3.3mb/d below the June 
§
average as rising reported exports via Suez and the SUMED pipeline 
were able to offset only 0.3mb/d of the Bab-el-Mandeb decline. 
However, exports via Hormuz and other Eastern ports increased by 
§
3.3mb/d since June. 
The attacks on oil infrastructure mark a meaningful escalation of the 
o
conflict and increase the probability of our price upside scenario, where 
Brent exceeds $120 (if 2027 average Gulf output remains 4mb/d below 
pre-war levels). 
Recent estimates suggest that Persian Gulf crude output decreased by 1.2mb/d 
n
in August from July, implying crude production losses of 7.1mb/d (Exhibit 2). 
Production diverged in August across producers: 
o
Saudi Arabia’s production slipped given attacks on both its Eastern 
§
and Western shipping routes, while the US blockade weighed on 
Iranian production. 
Iraqi and UAE production continued to ramp up on growing dark 
§
crossings and potential assistance from the US. 
Given the stunted recovery in Persian Gulf production, the market has 
o
likely shifted to a larger deficit in August after being nearly balanced in July 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Commodities Research
 
 


[Page 2]
(Exhibit 3). 
Averaging recent external estimates and our visible stocks draws 
§
suggests an August deficit of around 3mb/d, wider than our balance 
estimate of around 1mb/d. 
We estimate recent total Persian Gulf oil exports have edged up to around 
n
16-17mb/d (around 70% of pre-war levels), while recent visible exports stand at 
only 13mb/d (7DMA) (Exhibit 4).1 
We now estimate a net hit to Persian Gulf exports of 6.7mb/d (Exhibit 5). 
o
While OECD commercial stocks remain well insulated from global oil market 
n
tightness, investors question the sustainability of the core buffers: OECD SPR 
releases and low China crude imports. 
The pace of visible draws in OECD crude SPR slowed down to 0.3mb/d over 
o
the last month, with the US accounting for all the draws, while Japan and 
South Korea have already started to rebuild their reserves (Exhibit 8). 
The initial terms of US SPR swap imply the return of the borrowed 
§
barrels from November 1st, with Secretary Wright confirming the start 
of the SPR refill in the “next few months”. 
China crude imports remain down a large 4mb/d year-over-year (Exhibit 9), 
o
but may increase somewhat despite firm crude prices because of: 
Security incentives to refill domestic China gasoline and diesel 
§
inventories that are down 9% yoy. 
Economic incentives to increase refined product exports given high 
§
margins and 0.4mb/d of room for a pick-up within the annual export 
quota. 
President Trump announced on Monday that Ukraine and Russia agreed not to hit 
n
energy targets, sending European diesel prices 5% lower, while Ukraine warned later 
that no deal has been finalized. 
Russia refinery outages remain at 4.6mb/d, keeping refined product exports 
o
down 1.1mb/d year-to-date, while Russia crude exports declined by just over 
1mb/d over the last two months following attacks on ports (Exhibit 10). 
A hypothetical energy ceasefire would likely help Russia oil exports to recover: 
o
CPC oil terminal exports (mostly transporting Kazakhstan crude) have 
recovered to last year’s levels (28-day moving average) in the absence of 
attacks, with all three moorings functioning again. 
Charts of the Week 
1
Latest methodology for our estimated oil exports from Persian Gulf coutries is explained here.
14 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
Exhibit 1:  Reported Saudi Oil Exports Have Recovered to June Averages After a Dip in 
August, Likely on Redirection of Red Sea Flows to Eastern Ports 
 
Oil exports include crude and refined product exports but exclude LPG. Recent Saudi Arabia oil exports may be higher given 
potential upward revisions to satellite export data on dark crossings. 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 2: Average External Estimates of Persian Gulf Crude Production Losses in August Stand at Around 7mb/d 
Iran
Iraq
Kuwait
Saudi 
Arabia
UAE
Qatar
Total 
Gulf
OPEC SS
2.1
3.4
1.9
7.3
3.8
0.6
19.1
24.6
-5.6
IEA
2.2
3.9
2.0
6.0
4.5
0.6
19.1
26.7
-7.6
EIA
2.1
3.3
1.9
6.3
3.2
0.6
17.3
25.5
-8.2
Average
2.1
3.5
1.9
6.5
3.8
0.6
18.5
25.6
-7.1
GS Balance
2.0
3.1
2.0
6.9
4.1
0.7
18.7
25.5
-6.7
OPEC SS and EIA Qatar production data is filled in with IEA data.
Persian Gulf Crude Oil Production (mb/d)
Aug 2026
Feb 2026 
Total Gulf
Aug - Feb 
2026 
Total Gulf
 
OPEC SS stands for OPEC Secondary Sources. 
 
Source: OPEC, IEA, EIA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
14 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 4]
 
Exhibit 3: The Oil Market Has Likely Moved to a Larger Deficit in August, With an Average of 
Recent External Estimates and Our Global Visible Stocks Draws Suggesting an August Deficit 
of Around 3mb/d 
Jun 2026
Jul 2026
Aug 2026
IEA Deficit
1.3
0.4
2.6
EIA Deficit
2.6
0.1
4.1
Global Visible Stocks Draws
-0.2
1.9
2.6
Average
1.3
0.8
3.1
GS Balance Deficit
2.0
0.2
0.9
Monthly Global Oil Deficit (mb/d)
 
 
Source: IEA, EIA, Kpler, DOE, Euroilstocks, ARA PJK, PAJ, Haver, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
14 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 5]
Mideast Exports: Resilient, But Increasingly at Risk 
 
 
 
 
 
Exhibit 4: We Estimate Recent Total Oil Exports From the Persian Gulf at 16-17mb/d, Using 
Two Independent Methods 
 
Oil includes crude, refined products, and LPG. For Kpler flows as currently reported and assuming no revisions, Persian Gulf 
exports are defined as the sum of flows through the Strait of Hormuz, Yanbu, Fujairah, Gulf of Oman, and Botas Ceyhan. For 
revisions, crude balance, and Kpler products exports, Persian Gulf exports are defined as the sum of exports from Saudi 
Arabia, UAE, Iran, Iraq, Qatar, and Kuwait. 
 
Source: OPEC Secondary Sources, IEA, Kpler, PetroLogistics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 5: Our Estimate of the Hit to Oil Flows From the Persian Gulf Now Stands at 6.7mb/d 
 
Yanbu is on the west coast of Saudi Arabia, bordering the Red Sea and connected to Saudi eastern oil fields via the East-West 
pipeline. Fujairah lies east (outside) of the Strait of Hormuz and is connected to Abu Dhabi’s onshore fields via the Abu Dhabi 
Crude Oil Pipeline (ADCOP). The Gulf of Oman connects the Strait to the Arabian Sea (southeast). The Kirkuk-Ceyhan pipeline 
allows northern Iraqi crude to be pumped through Turkiye to the Mediterranean Sea. 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
14 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 6]
 
 
 
Exhibit 6: Yanbu Loadings Are Around 45% (7-Day Moving Average) of Pre Houthi Blockade Levels; Bab-al-Mandab 
Exports Increased by 2.0mb/d Over the Last Month (7-Day Moving Average) But Remain Well Below Pre-Blockage Levels 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 7: Our Global Visible Stocks Counter Drew by 2.4mb/d Over the Last Two Weeks in the Reported Data But Only by 
0.2mb/d When Adjusting for Expected Revisions 
 
 
Source: IEA, Kpler, DOE, Euroilstocks, ARA PJK, PAJ, Haver, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
14 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 7]
 
 
 
Exhibit 8: OECD SPR Draws Have Slowed Down to 0.3mb/d Over the Last 30 Days, With the US Accounting for All the 
Draws 
 
 
Source: IEA, Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 9: China Net Imports of Crude and Condensate Remain 4.1mb/d Down Year-Over-Year, While Net Exports of 
Refined Products Increased by 0.8mb/d Year-Over-Year 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
14 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 8]
 
 
Exhibit 10: Russia Net Exports of Refined Products Remain 1.1mb/d Below Year-Ago Levels 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 11: The Implied Probability of the Brent Crude February Contract Expiring Above $100/bbl Increased by 18pp 
Over the Last Month to 44% Now  
 
 
Source: ICE, Refinitiv Eikon, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
14 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 9]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby, Alexandra Paulus, Filippo Cuscito and Daan Struyven, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately 
reflect our personal views, which have not been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Alexandra Paulus Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Filippo Cuscito Goldman Sachs 
International, Daan Struyven Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Disclosure 
Iran is subject to comprehensive sanctions by the United States. 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
14 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 10]
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
14 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 11]
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
14 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 
