[Page 1]
GS Callahan - US TMT quick hits 15 Sep 2026
Peter Callahan  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, TMT Sector Specialist
Tue 15 Sep 2026, 1:34pm ET
Another choppy, lower-volume session as the NDX broke through its 50- and 100-dma to the downside
(despite an ‘ok’ overnight session Asia) as Oil (~$109/brl) + Rates (10yr >5%) continue to weigh on risk
appetite (see tightening financial conditions) and investors are navigating the increasingly tricky interplay
between 12-mo Momentum pairs (down 7%+ yesterday) and 3-month Momentum pairs (up 2%
yesterday)…
… investor feedback yesterday / today has been suggestive that investors broadly ‘understand’ the
direction of the moves given some level of uncertainty introduced (even if many disagreed with the
'outcomes' that AI / Semi stocks were implying) …. that said .. the magnitude of the moves (both in Cyber
to upside and in AI Infra to the downside) and the lack of defense was frustrating for many as positive
catalysts have largely played out (ROIC commentary, model updates, product momentum, conference
appearances, easing technicals)…. yet, AI Infra stocks still trade somewhat listlessly – creating a more
muted risk appetite backdrop as “top down” pressures remain present (mostly macro + law of large
numbers) .. further, it increasingly feels like the “calendar” is perhaps a governor on risk posture with 73
trading days left in the year – we get FOMC tomorrow .. then quieter micro window into qtr-end/preview
season before 3Q earnings get back-stopped by US Midterm Elections ..
Top inbounds today .. strength in handsets (QCOM, SWKS?) .. is META played out or just getting going?
.. why HDDs heavier (STX, WDC)? .. these HW names DELL / HPE ?! .. still no bounce in EDA names
(CDNS, SNPS) … early set-up into MU earnings? … 10yr = 5.00%: interplay on Rates vs Tech? …
thoughts on these ‘commerce’ names (UBER, BKNG, DASH, ETSY types)? …
“Inference Economy” … a key theme we’ve been writing about all Summer, but, what still stands out to
me has been the continued support (read: multiple expansion) that the market is rewarding names with
where a bull can believe that they likely grow through any potential capex gyrations (or, are just more
immune from subtle rate of changs on ASPs or S/D) – said another way, the big themes of “data infra” or
“security” are starting to feel a bit like the “capex trades” in 2024 or early 2025 where one had to be
“directionally” right on the theme (memory, optical, compute), but, lessso on the specific winners/losers or
share-gainers (at least for now). Admittedly some emerging debates on entry points and valuations, that
said, it still feels like a “rising tide lifts all boats” framing for names tied to capex-light inference
workloads.
Listen up .. GIR full team recap of last weeks’ GS Communacopia + Tech Conference (recorded
yesterday) .. available on Marquee.
Consumer Check .. GS Consumer Conference is going on this week .. soundbites via Scott Feiler (gs
consumer specialist) following day 1 .. 'Income & the Consumer: The K-shaped theme was in full effect
yesterday, with companies levered to the top sounding a very positive tone (WSM), and those levered to


[Page 2]
the bottom noting some relative weakness (Foot Locker). The overall consumer environment seems
“steady,” with many winners and a few share donors. Feedback is more companies than not sounded a
positive tone (W, BOBS, WSM, BJ, GCO, Gap brand, ARMK, etc). Should hear more of the same today,
with some callouts of the K, but most generally resilient.'
FOMC preview … with the market now pricing in a hike tomorrow (94% ‘chance’, per WIRP screen), as
GIR/GS Econ frames it: “The key question for the meeting is whether the median dot will show one hike
or two in 2026. We expect a 10-8 majority to show one hike because some participants might be
ambivalent about the first hike and some might want to avoid pushing market expectations any higher. But
we see a risk of a majority for two hikes if more participants than we expect see a hike this week as a
normal response to higher oil prices and AI demand and the start of a series of rate hikes.”
Charts + Stocks (… yes, moonlighting as a ‘technician’ here … ) ..
META .. noticeable uptick in investor sentiment on Meta on the back of the recent Muse launch (yes, lots
of convos are “have you used Muse yet?! I just used it for XYZ workflow..”), esp ahead of Meta Connect
next week – key debate is if this product drop is enough to sustain a break-out, or, if this is just another
product “spike” that gets faded given big picture debates (capex / opex + AI competition, etc)…
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
NET .. re-testing (breaking-through?) ATHs today .. hard to find any fundamental bears nor nitpicks.. just
a convo on valuation and sustainability of a re-acceleration – bulls like the near-term story re traffic
delivery and the medium term oppty into Act IV, where mgmt has positioned Pay Per Crawl as the first


[Page 3]
step in a broader Act IV roadmap, starting with content protection and expanding toward monetization of
agentic transactions.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
AMAT / Semicap … feels like tactical sentiment on AMAT (and broader SPE) has down-ticked as the
market de-rates the multiple (memory rate-of-change, debate ’27 discovery value, etc) … stock has now
erased the entire May/June pop and is re-testing its 200-dma for the 1x in over a year … next up =
Semicon West.


[Page 4]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
NOW .. which I’ll use as a proxy for large-cap SaaS .. ServiceNow stock back to unchanged on the year as
investors debate how much of the bounce was “rate of change” versus a durable inflection in AI
positioning ..


[Page 5]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
AMZN .. not sure what to do with this one, but it surprised me, nonetheless … over the last ~8 years
(since Sept’18), AMZN and the broader S&P500 have delivered the exact same returns – below is:
normalized perf of AMZN (white) + S&P500 (blue).


[Page 6]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not
indicative of future results.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
