[Page 1]
GS Abbas - GS US Daily Download 15 Sep 2026
Ismail Abbas  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Analyst, Global Banking & Markets
15 Sep 2026, 2:19am ET
Stat of the Day For the past 27 sessions, the intraday trading range in S&P has been less than 1% Chart of
the day (Here) Actionable GS Research Overn
Stat of the Day
For the past 27 sessions, the intraday trading range in S&P has been less than 1%
Chart of the day (Here)
Actionable GS Research Overnight
• DKS Conference Takeaways - Dick's does not believe the athletic cycle is over, and footwear is
performing well at the core Dick's business. While the industry is facing an excess supply of legacy
silhouettes, demand remains healthy with consumers gravitating towards newness and innovation in the
category. Moreover, following the Foot Locker acquisition, the company has improved visibility into the
footwear ecosystem and continues to expect $100-125mn in synergies from the acquisition.
• Aramark Conference Takeaways - ARMK's tone was upbeat across the board, as management continues
to see strong momentum across both its core business and Nexus. We would highlight three key points
from the fireside: 1) Management was upbeat in its assessment of the TAM for Nexus, and expects this
business to grow to ~$2-$3bn over the next few years. 2) After the announcement of a new contract win
for Nexus today, management noted that they expect this contract to generate >$100mn revenue over time,
and will likely ramp in the first half of calendar year 2027, and is an entirely new client vs. prior Nexus
wins. 3) With Nexus contracts coming in at higher margins than the core business, ARMK now expects to
remain above the steady-stage range of 20-30bps margin expansion, and sustain 30-40bps for longer.
• Walmart Conference Takeaways - We hosted a dinner with the Walmart IR team, including Steph
Wissink, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations, and Kary Brunner, Senior Director of Investor
Relations. Following the dinner, we highlight positive commentary around back-to-school (BTS) and a
resilient consumer overall, despite ongoing pressure at the lower end. Walmart is using tariff refunds to
invest in price, which is driving share gains, and the company continues to benefit from its competitive
delivery speed. We believe Walmart is well positioned to continue driving solid earnings growth in 2026,
supported by market share gains given its compelling proposition for value and convenience, while its
profitability profile should also continue to improve.
• Home Depot Conference Takeaways - We hosted a dinner with the Home Depot management team,
including Richard McPhall, EVP and CFO, and Billy Bastek, EVP of Merchandising. The Home Depot
will also be presenting at the 33rd Annual Global Consumer and Retail Conference on Tuesday, September
15th. Key takeaways from the dinner include: 1) Management's commitment to taking market share
despite a challenging macro and housing environment, 2) The ongoing success and integration of recent


[Page 2]
acquisitions (SRS and GMS) to accelerate the Pro business, 3) Significant returns on supply chain and
logistics investments driving faster delivery speeds, and 4) Stable margin outlooks supported by strategic
pricing and unexpected improvements in shrink.
Market Update
Equities closing red on the day (although off session lows) with a notable rotation out of AI infrastructure
post Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei’s comments this weekend calling for a slower pace of frontier
evolution. Closely watching Software > Semis as the pair (GSPUSOSE) closed +12.56%, a 2.5std dev
move. Other notable movers: AI vs AI at Risk (GSPUARTI -9.96%), worst day since Deepseek (-2.2 std
dev move) & spread of 3m (GSPHRMO3 +6.07%) vs 12m (GSPRHIMO -6.71%), Momo pairs widest
side 2020 election. Brent off last week’s highs as Russia & Ukraine agreed not to strike each other's
energy targets, but still finishing green on the day (9th time in the past 10 sessions) with headlines of
GCC-Iran talks postponed. 10yr yields briefly touched 5% for the first time since October 2023, although
rates came in towards the end of the session as the market looks toward the FOMC Wednesday (currently
pricing in ~91% chance of a hike).
CALENDAR
13:30 UKT Empire State manufacturing survey, September (consensus 15.0, last 20.6)
Earnings:
Pre: FPS
Post: TCOM
US Conferences
Event
Date
Sector
Registration
Communacopia and Technology Conference, San Francisco
8-11 Sep
TMT
Register Here
GS Global Retailing Conference, New York
14-15 Sep
Consumer
Register Here


[Page 3]
GS Industrials and Materials Conference, New York
2-3 Dec
Industrials
Save the Date
GS Financial Services Conference, New York
8-9 Dec
Financials
Save the Date
Bookmark | Read
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 15 September 2026.
