[Page 1]
GS Quinn - Nasdaq Futures Also At Risk 15 Sep 2026
Robert Quinn  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Tue 15 Sep 2026, 7:28am ET
Despite a slight reversal in flows, Commitment of Traders displayed elevated Non-Dealer Nasdaq futures
length through September 8th. Since then, the index declined with a large rotation in AI winners vs losers.
Given the violent shift, one might assume Nasdaq bulls remain at risk. However recently, the largest
cohort endured similar price action. And broader positioning indicators appeared mixed.
• Despite a slight reversal in flows, Commitment of Traders displayed elevated Non-Dealer Nasdaq futures
length through September 8th. During September 1st – 8th, Non-Dealers net sold −$7.1bn, halting a 4
week stretch of buying which totaled +$51.3bn. Hedge Fund dominated, selling −$10.5bn in total. Asset
Manager (+$2.2bn), Other (+$870mm), and Non-Reportable (+$350mm) provided offsets. Resultant net
positioning resided at an 82% 2-year rank.
• Since then, the index declined with a large rotation in AI winners vs losers. From September 8th – 14th,
Nasdaq lost −1.3%. GS's AI vs AI At Risk basket plunged −10.9% with most of the drop occurring on
September 14th post AI bellwethers' joint call for restraint.
• Given the violent shift, one might assume Nasdaq bulls remain at risk. However recently, the largest
cohort endured similar price action. Over the past 3 months, the correlation between weekly changes in
Asset Manager gross longs and the AI vs AI At Risk pair moved deep into negative territory. Admittedly,
the relationship using a longer time series was quite volatile. That said, Asset Manager gross longs have
increased alongside questions to AI profitability.
• And broader positioning indicators appeared mixed. Nasdaq 3 month swap funding richened in absolute
and relative terms. But calendar spread mispricing cheapened. Furthermore, normalized 25 delta put-call
skew rose. Therefore whether Asset Manager, and remaining Non-Dealer participants, sold is debatable.
Nasdaq Non-Dealer Net Positioning vs Price


[Page 2]
Source: GS GBM, CFTC as of September 8th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq Asset Manager Gross Longs, AI vs AI At Risk


[Page 3]
Source: GS GBM, CFTC as of September 8th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq 3 Month Funding


[Page 4]
Source: GS GBM as of September 14th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq Calendar Spread Mispricing


[Page 5]
Source: GS GBM as of September 14th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Nasdaq 3 Month Implied Volatility vs Normalized 25 Delta Put-Call Skew


[Page 6]
Source: GS GBM as of September 14th. Past performance not indicative of future results.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, GS GBM, CFTC; as of 8–14 September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.
