[Page 1]
 
JPMorgan Traders Maintain "Tactically 
Neutral/Cautious" Positioning, See 5 Scenarios 
Facing The Fed 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 14, 2026 - 07:50 PM 
For much of the past two years, JPMorgan's institution-focused Market Intel Desk has called 
market inflection points with uncanny accuracy. 
 
Most recently they flipped from bullish to "Tactically Cautious/Neutral" and once again they have 
been proved correct... 


[Page 2]
 
 
In today's report (available here in full for pro subs) they maintain their Tactically Cautious / 
Neutral view into Wednesday’s Fed Meeting. 
As a reminder, this is not a fundamentally based view, as we see both the macro (above trend 
GDP growth) and micro / earnings environment (>20% EPS growth for 26Q3 and 26Q4) as 
supportive of stocks.  
We see our view supported by a 10Y approaching / breaching a new cycle high (4.99%) [ZH: 
topped 5.00% today], credit spreads likely to widen given elevated issuance, and heightened 
volatility especially if Warsh maintains opaque communications.  
Further, positioning is not yet giving a clear directional signal. 
Historically, when the 10Y yield makes a new cycle high, it takes up to 8 weeks for Equities to 
fully digest. 
Our colleague, Craig Cohen flags that over the last 60 years, when the 10Y yield has a 2 
standard deviation move higher, then Equities have negative monthly returns.  


[Page 3]
 
 
Currently, a 2z move is ~50-55bp and MTD the 10Y yield is +21.7bp, with more than 50% of the 
move coming after Thursday’s PPI print. 
We view Craig’s data of supportive of our view that bond vol is a bigger headwind than bond 
yield levels. 
 
JPMorgan's Michael Feroli sees The Fed hiking 25bps in both Sept and Dec with the longer-run 
dot-lot increasing to 3.25%. 


[Page 4]
 
 
Jay Barry, JPMorgan's head of global rates strategy, sees five possible scenarios for The Fed 
this week... 
1.​ NO HIKE: A very low probability event, as inaction risks institutional credibility, and would 
make the reaction at the July FOMC meeting appear pale in comparison. In this event, 
we think 1y1y OIS rates (as a representation of the market’s terminal Fed policy 
expectations) likely decline 25bp, which, using the observed sensitivity of Treasury yields 
to policy expectations in recent months, likely translates to a 20bp decline in 2-year 
yields. 
2.​ HIKE, NO GUIDANCE: The FOMC raises rates 25bp to address above-target inflation, 
but Warsh offers no forward guidance. This ambiguity could lead to a modest decline in 
front-end rates. 
3.​ HIKE, GUIDE TOWARD UNWINDING 2025 EASES: Given the Chair’s view that labor 
markets are at full employment, he indicates the 75bp of risk management cuts in 2025 
were unnecessary, and the front end converges temporarily toward pricing in 75bp of 
total hikes. 
4.​ HIKE, R* IS HIGHER: The Chair admits policy is not restrictive and also admits that 
large-scale AI investment could drive productivity higher, resulting in higher trend growth 
and a higher neutral policy rate. Markets seem somewhat priced for this outcome, 
though 1y1y is back near its cycle highs and longer-dated forward expectations have 
eclipsed their 2023 highs, indicating markets believe in higher for longer, likely due to 
structural changes to the US economy (Figure 4). Given that perceptions of neutral tend 


[Page 5]
 
to evolve slowly over time, we do not think the front end would move much, but there is 
room for longer-dated forwards to rise further. 
5.​ HIKE, CRUSH INFLATION: To borrow Bruce Kasman’s analogy, the Fed moves from a 
forgiving, New Testament Committee to a more vindictive, Old Testament central bank as 
it commits to quickly bringing inflation back to target, allowing markets to price in a 
higher terminal rate, but longer-dated forward OIS rates likely decline as markets 
interpret the Fed as being willing to sacrifice growth and labor markets to restore price 
stability. 
Finally, while Jay and his team are not willing to attach probabilities to these outcomes, they do 
note that the 'No Hike' and 'Crush Inflation' scenarios appear less likely than the other three 
outcomes in our mind, which could help the 2-year sector find firmer footing next week. 
 
Longer-term, inflation remains a risk with US / Iran pressuring commodity prices and shipping 
rates, exacerbated by the El Niño weather phenomenon.  
If realized, and it filters into core inflation, then 2x rate-hike priced into markets may prove to be 
too low which could create a headwind to stocks.  


[Page 6]
 
That said, with the AI theme intact and neutral / light positioning this is a market where buying 
the dip is likely to remain profitable.  
Clarity around the Fed’s reaction function, inflation outlook, and stabilizing commodity prices are 
enough to reignite the bull run into year-end. 
Professional subscribers can read JPMorgan's Market Intel desk report here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
