[Page 1]
 
Play The Fed Not The Treasury Market 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 14, 2026 - 08:45 PM 
Authored by Simon White, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
The risk-reward for a fall in US short-term rates is better than a rally in Treasuries. 
The big news of the weekend was the apostles of AI - Dario, Sam and Elon (we’re on first name 
terms with them now) - calling for a slowdown in AI development. One glance on social media 
will give you flavor of the myriad potential ulterior motives of the move. 
Certainly, a cover for slowing down massive CapEx due to unrealistic demand expectations as 
well as forcing the regulatory regime in their favor – all while looking virtuous – is credible. 
But whether this leads to a significant rally in Treasuries in the near future is debatable. 
Mark Cudmore earlier laid out the case for such a move - slowing development -> lower CapEx 
-> weaker economic growth, weaker labor market, less (chip) inflation, and less supply crowding 
out sovereigns. 
While I am sympathetic to the view, I don’t think it’s that clear cut. 
As he alludes to, we’d probably need to see an actual slowdown in CapEx for the growth scare 
to prompt heavy Treasury buying. 
That’s not easy when you factor in the hundreds of billions of dollars of take-or-pay contracts for 
compute running into next year and later. 
That doesn’t make one confident of a fairly imminent rally in Treasuries. 
Further, positioning is not as short as a cursory glance at Commitment of Traders data would 
infer. 
It’s de rigeur, but incorrect, to look at the speculators’ position and take that as informational on 
the net long or short in market. However, that is heavily polluted by the basis trade. 
To get a better idea of actual positioning, we look at the net position of asset managers (who are 
long futures) and leveraged funds (who short the futures as part of the basis trade). Then we 
see that positioning in 10-year Treasuries is net short, but it has been reducing. 


[Page 2]
 
 
JPMorgan’s Client Treasury Survey also does not show particularly short positioning, with the 
net long at 20%, where it has been on average for the last four to five months. 
A better risk-reward than Treasuries is in SOFR futures. 
Positioning there is much more one-sided, with the net short of speculators still near series 
records. 
 
Almost 22 bps is priced in for the FOMC this week, and another 28 bps for the two meetings 
after that.  


[Page 3]
 
Kevin Warsh is an untested quantity and for the first time in a long time we can’t be sure the Fed 
will give the market what it wants. 
Plus if the AI growth scare does come, that will be reflected in short-term rates too. 
Unless you seriously think they’ll hike 50 bps, the downside is significantly less than the upside 
if you’re wrong. 
 
 
 
