[Page 1]
 
0-DTE Has The S&P In A 27-Day Straitjacket; 
Goldman's Pasquariello Warns "The Game Isn't 
Easy Right Now" 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 14, 2026 - 09:30 PM 
September is doing September things... 
Goldman Sachs head of hedge fund coverage,Tony Pasquariello, just dropped his latest 
markets/macro note (available here in full for pro subs), and what he describes is the opposite 
of a clean narrative. 
Stocks are stuck in a tug-of-war between pain-inducing oil and rates surges, and the promise of 
AI dreams (perhaps at a slower pace now) underwritten by earnings. 
After a three-day bleed, last week ended in a textbook test-and-hold of the 50DMA (and today 
it's testing back down there)... 
 
But, Pasquariello sees two local hot spots: 
i. Rich Privorotsky on pacing the frontier: “those at the absolute coalface of the technology are 
telling you it is advancing at such an alarming rate that they need to slow it down.  that is a 


[Page 2]
 
pretty enormous endorsement of the technology itself.  there are real security and alignment 
concerns and getting that right matters … the message that ‘this stuff really works’ is embedded 
in the warning itself”. 
ii. David Mericle on the Fed: “we added a 25bp rate hike at this week’s September FOMC 
meeting to our forecast ... [but] we do not see a strong economic case for raising the funds rate.  
we think that all of the overshoot of 2% can be attributed to one-time factors whose impact is 
likely to fade, that the improvement in core PCE inflation to a roughly 2.5% pace over the last 
three months is an early sign of this, that high inflation looks broad-based mainly because of 
tariff effects, that inflation expectations are not at immediate risk of un-anchoring, and that the 
economy is not overheated”. 
Broader market context 
The game isn’t easy right now.  
Stocks remain mired in a tug-of-war - irritated by oil and rates, supported by earnings growth.  
In turn, despite all that’s going on these days, the market has again settled into a pocket of 
consolidation (as detailed in the next paragraph).  
Very locally, after bleeding lower for four straight days, the end of last week brought a textbook 
test-and-hold of the 50-day moving average.  
So, with a big week in front of us - headlined by the Fed and the BOJ, in addition to heavy news 
flow around both AI and Iran - September is living up to its billing as a tricky month. 
 
This surprised me... 
For the past 27 sessions, the intraday trading range in S&P has been less than 1%.  


[Page 3]
 
 
For good order’s sake, that’s the longest streak in the COVID / post-COVID era.  
In the search for a moral to this story, Brian Garrett made a good point: 
“this speaks to current market structure.   
Lower trading volumes and relatively light news = the options market plays a larger role in the 
intraday.   
0-DTE ‘income’ strategies that harvest volatility are massive in S&P … they start at 9:30, so in 
the absence of intraday catalysts, they can force the market into a more narrow band 
throughout the session.” 
What’s working 
2026 has been a highly unique year.  
To say it again, each week has felt like its own distinct adventure.  
Part-and-parcel of that context has been a series of searing moves in the momentum factor.  
Yet, through it all, one marriage continues to deliver: long energy (+44%) AND long tech 
(+23%).  


[Page 4]
 
 
As a variation on that theme, also note that a paid position in global rates has blended very well 
with equity length.  
Given the macro dynamics at work - more on The Fed, debt and deficits below - I wouldn’t be 
inclined to pull up stakes on either of those pairings just yet.  
Positioning 
The most salient pattern in recent franchise activity is sobriety.  
To illustrate, if you take our entire PB book and calibrate vs the past year, net exposure 
measures in the 26th percentile (in fact, last week saw the largest selling of macro products 
since Liberation Day).  
 


[Page 5]
 
More broadly, the sentiment indicator from US portfolio strategy registers at -0.5 standard 
deviations, which is the lowest since March and measures in the 26th percentile of the past ten 
years.  
I understand why the discretionary community has cut risk into a notoriously poor seasonal 
period.  
I’m also aware of the length that systematic funds would need to reflexively cut at lower prices.  
With that said, I’m still eying a sequence where the market does the work that it needs to do in 
September and October -- and, all else equal, that sets the technicals up nicely for the last two 
months of the year. 
The Fed and the stock market 
Right on cue, Ben Snider and the US portfolio strategy team have examined how US equities 
perform when the Fed raises rates. 
Here’s my executive summary: 
i. using the last seven tightening cycles as evidence, S&P usually struggles at the start of things 
-- the average is -2% over the first three months.  
 
ii. but, the pinch typically doesn’t last very long -- the average is +9% over the next 12 months. 
iii. the big exception to that last point was a bruiser in 2022. 
iv. the eventual trajectory of the market is determined by earnings growth; the speed and 
volatility of the moves in rates can heavily influence stocks along the way. 


[Page 6]
 
 
v. the two best sectors to own in those early months: tech and energy (of course they are).  
US consumer 
This week brings our flagship US retail / consumer conference (Monday / Tuesday).  
By way of setup, the chart work is ugly (witness NKE, LULU, CCL, on and on).  
 
In turn, sentiment is dreadful and positioning is very defensive (stats available, they’re also 
ugly).  


[Page 7]
 
While I’m acutely aware of the macro headwinds, given how downbeat expectations are, my 
instinct is there’s scope for some positive surprises here.  
As Scott Feiler pointed out, XRT has a demonstrated pattern of outperforming on the two days 
of our conference (call it seven of the past ten occurrences).  
 
Japan 
I was asked last week what the spec community is doing here.  
The short answer: they’ve sold it for three straight months, which has unwound the majority of 
the length that was established earlier in the year.  
I understand that JPY vol makes this a more difficult position to hold (and that a sustained 
appreciation will argue for EPS cuts).  
I also understand that if one is worried about debt loads and global back ends, that story starts 
with JGBs.  
With all that said, I still think you need to keep a few lines in the water here over the 
medium-term.  
Given the macro complexities, I prefer the domestic exposure of TPX over the export sensitivity 
of NKY (also note that long EWJ = long JPY). 


[Page 8]
 
 
Speaking of debt and deficits  
The most interesting macro note that I read this week (available here in full for pro subs) takes a 
direct look at the trend of things in the US.  
 
If you asked me what’s the biggest LONG-TERM risk to US equities, I’d say it’s US fiscal 
sustainability -- which I worry will result in much higher taxes or much higher rates, neither of 
which will endear stock operators. 


[Page 9]
 
One chart for the road... 
Subject to your interpretation, this is the BCOM commodities index since the end start of 2020, 
which despite poor seasonals has forcefully broken up-and-above the 2022 highs... 
 
This is a coiled, under-positioned tape walking into a catalyst week it has spent a month 
refusing to price. 0-DTE can keep the daily range on a leash until it can’t. A hike that Goldman 
itself does not think the economy "needs" is still a hike; oil and the long end are still the irritants; 
earnings are still the floor. Energy-plus-tech, and rates-plus-equities, remain the pairings the 
desk will not abandon. If September and October do the dirty work - and if the fiscal story stays 
a 2027 problem rather than a this-week problem - the setup into year-end as the one piece of 
Pasquariello's note that is almost optimistic... almost! 
Professional subscribers can read Pasquariello's full note and much more from Goldman's 
Sales & Trading team here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
