[Page 1]
 
Hedge Funds Buy Tech Stocks 10 Of Last 11 
Weeks; Pace Of Buying Highest Since June 2025 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 14, 2026 - 05:05 AM 
The AI debate took a sharper turn this weekend, with Dario pushing for a slower pace of 
frontier-model development and government intervention to throttle open-source competitors 
(Trump has since refused to comply), which has hammered AI stocks in Korea and Japan on 
Sunday evening (SK Hynix down 4%, SoftBank down 11%). 
It comes at a difficult time, just as investors had started leaning back into the broader AI trade: 
Goldman Prime Brokerage data shows Hedge Funds bought US TMT stocks in 10 of the last 11 
sessions, with the 2-week pace of long buying in the 97th percentile of the last five years and 
the largest since Jun ’25. Nearly all TMT subsectors were net bought in the past two weeks, led 
by Semis & Semi Equip, Interactive Media & Svcs, and IT Services. 
 


[Page 2]
 
As Goldman trader Lee Coppersmith adds in his weekly note "Net/net: the weekend raises the 
near-term risk around AI at exactly the wrong time for newly rebuilt Tech longs." 
Oops. 
Taking a closer look at the latest must-read Weekly Rundown note from Goldman's trading desk 
(available to pro subscribers), US Long/Short Gross leverage fell -1.6 pts to 206.9% (20th 
percentile one-year), while US L/S Net leverage increased +1.7 pts to 50.2% (6th percentile 
one-year). US Fundamental long/short ratio (MV) increased +2.2% to 1.64 (26th percentile 
one-year). 
 
Aside from piling back into tech names, Hedge Funds aggressively net sold Macro Products 
(Index and ETF combined, normally used as macro hedges to single stock positions), which saw 
the largest $ net selling since the week of Liberation Day (-2.0 SDs 1-year), driven by short 
sales far outpacing long buys (3.2 to 1). 
US-listed ETF shorts rose +7.2% (now up +5.2% month/month), the largest weekly increase in 
six months, led by shorting in Credit and Small Cap Equity ETFs. Despite this week’s sharp 
increase, overall short exposure in Macro Products is still well below YTD highs, reached just as 
the momo trade peaked back in June. 
On the other end, Single Stocks collectively were modestly net bought for a second straight 
week (+0.6 SDs 1-year), driven by risk-on flows with long buys outpacing short sales (1.4 to 1). 


[Page 3]
 
 
Info Tech, Comm Svcs, and to a lesser extent Real Estate were the most $ net bought sectors, 
while Financials, Industrials, Health Care, and Staples were the most $ net sold. 
As noted above, amid the start of September conference season, Info Tech and Comm Svcs 
were by far the most net bought US sectors for two consecutive weeks, both driven by long 
buys as short flows were relatively muted. On a sector level, HFs have net bought US TMT 
stocks (Info Tech and Comm Svcs combined) in 10 of the last 11 trading sessions, and on a 
trailing 2-week basis in % terms, the recent pace of long buying in US TMT is the largest since 
Jun ’25 and ranks in the 97th percentile on a 5-year lookback. 
 


[Page 4]
 
On the other hand, US non-consumer cyclicals collectively were net sold for a second straight 
week and at the fastest pace in nearly three months, driven almost entirely by short sales. 
Notably, Financials was the most net sold sector this week in both $ and SD terms (-1.4 SDs), 
with HFs selling the sector at the fastest pace since mid-March – nearly all Financials 
subsectors (ex Capital Markets) were net sold, led by Financials ETFs, Insurance, and 
Consumer Finance. 
 
Turning away from the GS Prime Brokerage, and to the bank's US Share Sales Trading desk, 
we find that US equities finished the week with strong gains Friday after the market viewed the 
firmer core CPI reading as a ‘rip the band aid’ moment into next week’s FOMC decision 
(September hike odds now sitting near ~90%). Core CPI came in at 29bp unrounded core CPI, 
with firmness versus estimates coming from communication (surging cell phone contract prices 
were worth about 8bp of upside versus econ's forecast), public transportation, and lodging. 
OER/rent were quite benign, and medical care service inflation was a bit softer. 
Rates / oil were the focus for much of the week with investors having a defensive posturing and 
“flight to safety” mindset ahead of the CPI print Friday. Yields retook local highs this week with 
the 20YR reaching the highest levels since November 2023 (4.90%) coming off the Treasury 


[Page 5]
 
buyback number being just “inline”. Oil also broke the $100 barrier this week with renewed 
tensions in the Middle East and the Houthis on the move in Yemen. 
Despite Friday's meltup, from a flow perspective Asset managers were better for sale this week 
with supply in macro products, communication services, healthcare, industrials, and tech. 
Hedge funds were also better for sale as well shorting macro products and supply in the 
technology space. Goldman saw small hedge fund demand in financials. 
Elsewhere, Goldman writes that the desk saw a sharp compression in implied volatility, 
especially across TMT stocks - 1m ATM implied vol for the NDX "avg stock" has compressed 
from ~57v to ~40v. That said, option positioning remains constructive with NDX "avg stock" 
normalized put call skew near the flattest levels seen in the last 20 years. 
 
Goldman also flags that supply across the China ETF complex continues to be prevalent (i.e., 
the selling won't stop) . The suite of the largest China products has seen outflows total to more 
than $3 billion since June… however as Goldman admits, through the ETF lens, the market 
appears under-owned, (e.g., outflows + AUM sitting at 12-mo lows). Where Goldman has seen 
incremental waves of demand is concentrated amongst the AI supply chain (semis & memory)… 
KSTR has been a popular product amongst client types and issuers continue to launch 
concentrated thematic ETFs that align with this theme (CRAM/China memory launched this 
week).  


[Page 6]
 
 
We wrap up the weekly rundown by excerpting the views from 4 Goldman specialists on the 
latest developments in their fields:  
TMT (Pete Callahan & Alexander Joseph) 
●​ NDX -40bps in a week headlined by our GS TMT Communacopia Conference (& the 
broader Macro tape with 10yr yields rapidly approaching 5%). Soundbites from The 
Palace were positive across the Tech landscape, led by robust commentary around the 
AI Compute landscape (via cloud providers, outer-year Semis demand visibility & 
Enterprise spend trends), Cyber demand & healthy/resilient consumer datapoints. On 
the topic of AI, Muse Spark’s Assistant launch captured significant mindshare & 
combined with Instinct + Astra release helped to re-underwrite sense of AI product 
innovation + a step-change in capabilities (META has now notched three straight weeks 
of >+5% moves). Recent agentic developments also re-invigorated broader debate 
around e-commerce going forward (i.e. who owns the payment, marketing, consumer 
aspect of a transaction in the future and where does the value accrue?). Macro-heavy 
week ahead with FOMC on Wednesday plus various software user conferences / analyst 
days (CRM, ADSK, S, HUBS, INTU). 
Financials & Real Estate (Christian DeGrasse) 


[Page 7]
 
●​ Financials modestly underperformed as the market digested a higher outlook for both 
rates and inflation, which benefitted performance in large cap & trust banks, Retail 
brokers, and Life insurance, while also serving as an overhang towards Mortgage 
Originators, Ratings Agencies, CRE Brokers and REITs. The other notable, and arguably 
more impactful theme that returned to focus was the potential impacts of AI. Acute 
underperformance was observed in subsectors that had previously this year been 
viewed as potentially having AI-enabled competition risks, such as Information services, 
Payments, Insurance Brokers, and also Alts, though notably in conversations there was 
no specific incremental and identifiable risk/fear other than a general greater focus on 
potential new AI models coming out in the near term. Next week, we have the mid 
quarter Financials Conference, of which investors are somewhat cautious around 3Q 
capital market updates; however there’s some debate around to what extent 3Q matters 
when balanced against a pipeline that investors also expect to hear robust commentary 
towards. 
Healthcare (Jon Chan)  
●​ Healthcare lagged as an exogenous set up that has benefitted healthcare the last ~three 
months (i.e. softening AI exuberance, decoupling of rates + duration sensitive assets, 
momentum unwinds, broadening out trades, etc.) showed signs of reversion this week, 
exacerbating micro updates from the sector had a mostly negative bias, kicked off by a 
messy set of clinical card flips from NVS (first their Ph3 HORIZON study of Lp(a) 
missing, then Ph3 HARBOR in DM1 missing) driving a cascade of 2nd/3rd order swings 
(AMGN, NAMS, RPRX, LLY, etc). On non-therapeutics, the fall conference circuit 
revealing some uneven 3Q trends across subsectors – with (v) Medtech datapoints 
suggesting pockets of slowness in the quarter so far, SYK -8.8% Tuesday after 
commenting on PV business pressures from 2Q continuing into 3Q + potentially 4Q, 
limited recovery in joint replacement business vs. expects, BSX -10% on the week, after 
the company disclosed that it would likely not meet its 3Q and FY26 guide following the 
recent cybersecurity incident. Managed Care volatility was also a key focus on the week 
– as companies mostly spoke constructively around 3Q utilization trends (consistent with 
the mixed Medtech datapoints) – UNH pointing to upper end of MA target margins, ELV 
commenting Medicaid, MA and individual ACA all tracking better, CVS also pointing to 
pockets of favorability in MA. (b) Though volatility within the group (most acute in UNH, 
with intriguing strength in HUM in contrast) was driven by consternation around STARs 
scores expected in early October. 


[Page 8]
 
Industrials & Materials (Ryan Novak) 
●​ Industrials were down 140bps on the week with materials off 275bps as higher rates, 
inflation fears and geopolitical conflict continue to drive risk off. Industrials are at some of 
the lowest levels against the broader markets in the last 5-years. With PMIs holding in 
expansionary mode this should be an opportunity. Individual moves in the last week 
have been driven by earnings in SUNB +7%, certain parts of data center specifically 
E&Cs with LGN STRL and FIX +5-7% and companies that could benefit from Middle 
East tensions MEOH and CE up 6% and 4%, respectively. Downside includes rate 
sensitive names like IBP off 13%, idiosyncratic updates with HWM down 11% after GE 
bought a competing business and updates during conference season like LECO 
speaking to lower margins. Next week all eyes on the Fed as it relates to rates but also 
FPS LEN CCL earnings & JHX CTVA DCO analyst days. Conference season ongoing as 
well where more corporates are likely to update Q3 trends. 
Finally, looking ahead, the implied move in the S&P through next Friday (9/18) is a modest 
1.32%. FOMC the highlight macro event next week following a firmer PPI/CPI this week (market 
currently pricing in ~90% odds of a hike), as well as decisions from the BOE (Thurs) and BOJ 
(Fri). Quiet from an earnings perspective with focus on continuation of conference season (GS 
Consumer & Retail Conference is Mon-Tues in New York), as well as a handful of investor days 
(CTVA, HLIT, WK Tues; OSCR, ON, CRM Wed; AS, DCO, NVST, YETI, EAT, HUBS, INTU, 
BAM, BN Thurs). Watching $13bn 20YR auction Tues. 
There is much more in the full Weekly Rundown note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
