[Page 1]
 
2026 "Unmatched" In Macro/Market Decoupling; 
Goldman's Top Quant Trader Says Americans Are 
"Under-Appreciating" Japan's Geopol Impact 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 14, 2026 - 05:55 PM 
"We digested a lot last week", says Brian Garrett, Goldman's top derivatives trader in his latest 
'Weekend Prep' note (full note available here for pro subs), adding that "we will digest more over 
the next five sessions." 
 
Investor anxiety remains high (net exposure 6th percentile / massive macro etf shorting this 
week / etc) while surface volatility remains eerily calm (VIX 15 / 27 sessions <100bps trading 
bands / spx 1w straddle 130bps / etc)  


[Page 2]
 
 
Macro assets have been walking a tight-rope between tipping point and status quo for most of 
the summer - none have forced a risk event, but the margin for error is getting narrower. 
Below are some catalysts that Garrett says the desk is focused on this week, all of which have 
the potential to alter sentiment (and prices). 
That said, we are forced to recognize that 2026 is unmatched at compartmentalizing macro 
drivers into lower vol / higher dispersion landscape... 
Global bond yields soaring as global macro deteriorates... 
 
US Macro weakening rapidly as US equities sit just off record highs... 


[Page 3]
 
 
Oil... 
...is back to the center of the conversation as crude went >100 and brent went >109 this week 
(ignore it until you can’t). 
 
Geopolitics raise the risk of global inflation at the wrong time for central banks … Oman 
discussions Monday will make headlines [ZH: Reportedly cancelled now], we saw hedging go 
thru into the weekend in leisure names (airlines, cruiselines, retail etc). 


[Page 4]
 
Goldman increased brent / wti forecasts higher last week, with the new assumption that middle 
east shipping is disrupted through 2027. 
The last time crude was here, oil implied vols were 2x... 
 
The Fed 
The house call has changed, a hike on Wednesday is now both consensus and the Goldman's 
expectation… 
 
If you read the Goldman research note "Adding a Hike in September", it feels like our econ team 
is viewing this as a “forced hike” to manage market optics and less so driven by fundamentals. 


[Page 5]
 
What was once viewed as bear-candy, a Sept hike could actually calm market nerves (for a 
day). 
A “one and done” dynamic takes the guess-work out of the rest of the year’s Fed meetings … it 
reinforces fed credibility(“we listen to what the market is telling us”) … and it reinforces 
independence (Warsh will hike in spite of political influence)  
Japan 
This one feels underappreciated by those in the US. 
With 10y Japan yields near 3%, domestic fixed income is competitive again (reminder, BoJ 
meets this week). 
This has the potential to turn one of the world's largest source of foreign capital from a structural 
buyer of global duration into a source of repatriation. 
 
The risk is less so a sale of current holdings, but a loss of the marginal buyer at the time when 
sovereign bonds are trying regain back end credibility. 
Bonds 
The long end is becoming an incremental constraint on risk. 
10y knocking on 5% into the weekend, while the 30y trades north of 5.3%. 
Higher yields leading to term premium / fiscal supply / inflation questions are one of the largest 
threats to long duration / high multiple stocks right now. 


[Page 6]
 
 
The avg 30y mortgage crossed above 7% this week. 
 
There is a $13bn 20-year auction this week. 
AI 
This situation is highly consequential and highly fluid. 
Dario’s essay over the weekend reminds us of both. 
This omnipresent risk underlies every market dynamic, but is both the definition of a known 
known (AI is coming and will be transformative) while at the same time its the definition of an 


[Page 7]
 
unknown unknown (the speed is inflecting and the final outcome + knock-on effects feel 
unknowable). 
*  *  * 
Garrett drops some one-liners on standouts under the hood heading into this week... 
Prime Book 
Equities were net sold … macro products (ie, etf shorts) saw the largest $ selling since liberation 
day, driven almost entirely by shorts ... investors remain cautious  
In terms of sectors … gs communacopia coincided with the largest 2 week long buying in tmt 
names since 2025. 
Cyclicals were sold for the second straight week, led by financials (HF’s selling this sector 
aggressively). 
One-Delta 
Asset managers were also better for sale across almost every sector (tmt, hcar, industrials, 
tech). 
As mentioned many times this year: 
●​ focus on hedge fund cohort for the weekly pulse check 
●​ focus on the long only asset managers for the longer term trend  
The chart below sticks out... cash volumes hit an all time high in July (mvoluse, 1m avg)...since 
then, volumes have dropped by almost 40% (post-covid type decline)... 
 


[Page 8]
 
Futures 
We sent around some charts and data earlier in the week on CTAs. 
Global equity markets broke short term trendlines this week, and created marginal forced 
selling. 
Friday’s rally was welcome but some of this technical damage is already done. 
 
Derivatives 
Index put vol skew has steepened to highest level since July (despite ATM hardly moving). 
 
Flows since labor day have not increased, despite participants “back to school” headlines. 
The gamma dynamic is going to make rallies more difficult (longer gamma to the upside)  
There continues to be a dislocation between sentiment and implied vol levels. 
AAIIBEAR is pricing closer to a VIX 25 environment than a VIX 15 environment... 


[Page 9]
 
 
27 consecutive sessions without an intraday band of >100bps (mathematically the widest 
observed band during a session)... 
 
In a low volume tape, this feels like the 0-dte vol tail wagging the es1 market dog  
Converts 
This is the most active convertible bond issuance year in history. 


[Page 10]
 
 
It is establishing itself as a key funding source in the AI buildout landscape. 
Goldman published a deep dive on "AI Funding Needs and Strong Demand Fuel Record 
Convertible Supply " here . 
Baskets 
We are focusing on secular growth themes with little sensitivity to the economy. 
Favorite trades include: 
1/ buying the dip in AI hardware (gstmtdat) – fundamentals are strong and positioning is clean... 
 
2/ as ai agents make the switch among service providers easier, the desk likes going short the 
consumer inertia basket (gsxuswch) - focused on stocks where consumer stickiness is driven 
less by differentiation and more by switching friction. 


[Page 11]
 
 
*  *  * 
The market is still priced for a world in which $100 oil, a 'forced' Wednesday hike, 3% JGBs, and 
a 5% 10Y can all be stuffed into a 15-handle VIX and a 27-session sub-1% S&P range. 
 
That compartmentalization has been 2026's signature trick; this week's calendar is the first real 
test of whether the rope finally snaps... 
Professional subscribers can read Garrett's full note and much more from Goldman's Sales & 
Trading team here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal 
