[Page 1]
 
Goldman Now Expects A Fed Hike This Week, Not 
Because It's Needed, But Because Warsh Doesn't 
Want To Disappoint The Market 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
MONDAY, SEP 14, 2026 - 07:00 PM 
For much of 2026, Goldman stubbornly held on to the view that the Fed would not hike rates, 
despite mounting inflation pressure (the alternative is having to justify to its clients how the bank 
can be bullish in the face of what would certainly be another tightening cycle... an alternative 
which would see the bank miss out on billions in AI related advisory fees). 
However, after Warsh's hawkish Jackson Hole speech, and especially after last week's hotter 
than expected CPI print, it seemed that Goldman would have no choice but to throw in the towel 
and last Friday we started a countdown to Goldman changing its long-standing "no rate hike" 
view.  
Just a few hours later - with the market already pricing in 90% odds of a rate hike, in other 
words a done deal - Goldman finally threw in the towel, and late on Friday the bank's 
economists said they now expect a 25bp hike at the September FOMC meeting next week (vs. 
a hold previously) adding that additional hikes at later meetings are possible (for context, DB 
expects at least three hikes before the Fed reassesses) but "are not our baseline" (full note 
available here to pro subscribers).  
What prompted this U-turn in the bank's previous baseline?  
As the bank notes, while the CPI report only raised the bank's August core PCE forecast slightly 
to 0.26% and "has not changed our fundamental inflation view," Goldman now thinks that the 
FOMC will want to avoid the market reaction that would likely follow from remaining on hold 
when the market is pricing a nearly 90% chance of a hike." In other words, if Warsh does not 
hike at a time when market odds of a Sept move are over 90%... 


[Page 2]
 
 
... he will trigger a full-blown market panic that the Fed is not only no longer "independent" (with 
Trump clearly demanding rate cuts) but is refusing to follow the only thing the Fed chair said 
previously he looks at: namely market data.  
That said, Goldman is quick to point out that this is a hike which is not a real hike: 
We do not see a strong economic case for raising the funds rate. We continue to think that all of 
the overshoot of the 2% target can be attributed to one-time factors whose impact is likely to 
fade, that the improvement in core PCE inflation to a roughly 2.5% pace over the last three 
months is an early sign of this, that the economy is not overheated, that inflation expectations 
are not at immediate risk of unanchoring, and that limited rate hikes are unlikely to appreciably 
offset the impact of supply shocks. We suspect that some FOMC participants will agree with 
this, and for that reason we see the Fed’s decision as less clear-cut than market pricing implies. 
To be sure, one look at Goldman's PCE forecast indicates that the Fed should be cutting... not 
hiking. And yet here we are.  


[Page 3]
 
 
So if not the economy, then what will prompt this hike? Why the one thing that Warsh has sworn 
he would not respond to: market expectations, to wit:  
... we suspect that most FOMC participants will worry about the potential market reaction to not 
delivering a hike that recent Fed communication has guided the market to now almost fully 
price. Chairman Warsh’s Jackson Hole speech led the market to expect a hike if the inflation 
news was imperfect, and while the CPI was not concerning, it was imperfect. As a result, the 
FOMC might worry about the consequences of not hiking for market perceptions of the Fed’s 
credibility and about the immediate reaction of longer-term interest rates.  
Goldman concludes that the recent surge in oil prices "might also make FOMC voters who had 
previously been ambivalent a bit more open to hiking. And even some of those who share our 
inflation views have signaled fatigue with explaining why continued high inflation is not evidence 
of overheating and is likely to fade on its own, which might lead them to not oppose a hike even 
if they are skeptical of its purpose." 
To this point, one reason why long-end rates reversed their sharp move higher last Friday after 
the hot CPI, is because the coming rate hike is now viewed as a "band aid removal", and the 
Fed hiking is actually a curve flattener. It's also why if Warsh does not hike, expect the long end 
to soar to the mid 5.5% and above. 
Then again, rates will likely still rise anyway, with Goldman Sachs strategists raised their 
year-end forecasts for the 10-year yield to 4.75% from 4.40% following the change rate hike 
call, with most other Wall Street banks doing the same.  
And while most sellside banks are now on the rate hike bus, not everyone agrees that this move 
is required or even smart. Most vocal among the opposition is (as usual) SocGen's Albert 
Edwards who writes that "it would be criminally stupid for the Fed to hike rates when yoy core 
CPI is within 1-3% range and decelerating - as are wages. Plus core CPI ex shelter is smack 


[Page 4]
 
bang on 2% (and close to 2% for 3 full years). A Fed rate hike now would be as dumb as the 
ECB's hike in July 2008." 
But more than the question what a rate hike will do the rapidly slowing economy, a far bigger 
question is what will it do to Trump's relationship with Warsh, who was appointed for one simple 
reason: to lower rates. Having his first official decision be a rate hike - and less than two months 
before the midterms - will hardly make his boss happy. 
Much more in the full Goldman note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
