[Page 1]
GS Crook - Connecting You to GS Thoughts from the Floor 5 Sep
2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Sales
5 Sep 2026
Themes resonating with global clients at the moment and GS views/thinking on the topics. Reach out if
there are comments, opinions and/or ideas you want to discuss with the people below.
1) Connecting you to GS: Is the path of least resistance in Rates for higher yields from here – If not, what
changes the current path? Fresh highs for TTF – What’s the base-case in to Winter, what’s the right tail +
how could this impact inflation? Post Payrolls, where does Sep + beyond Fed pricing move under different
CPI + PPI outcomes next week? How do JGBs stabilise – Will the BoJ accelerate tightening or are there
other measures policymakers will implement? What is positioning like in popular Emerging Markets
Trades, how much has been cut, and is there value starting to appear now in some trades?
2) Trades we Like: Post Labor Day STS Strategies: Moving post Labor Day, the risk-backdrop remains
supportive (growth solid, earnings strong), and especially supportive for Carry if long-end yields are now
de facto capped by the US Treasury.
Popular STS trades to position for a Risk + Carry supportive backdrop:
-> Rates: Selling 2y expiry into 10y tails in EUR rates via GSVLSE2A Index
-> Equities: Constructive on vega-weighted SPX dispersion via GSVIDUV6 Index
However, cognisant that ‘tails’ are ‘fat’ + there are material risks to the base-case from yields, geo-politics,
Super El Nino, a material change in the AI narrative etc
Popular STS trades for investors running a core portfolio skewed +ve for risk/carry to hedge
-> Tail-hedging for unforeseen risks: Own 1y SPX downside Vega via GSVILG10 Index
Full discussion of STS Strategies lower in the ‘trade idea’ section of the mail.
Ask for implementation
Thoughts welcome - Adam
1) Connecting you to GS:
• Global Rates: Is the path of least resistance in Rates for higher yields from here – If not, what changes
the current path?
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… The way we're
looking at it is a short duration position mainly in the belly, more than the long end… The long end's got
its own dynamics… A short duration position in the belly pairs well with long risk assets… And we really


[Page 2]
like the broader long risk assets trade a fair bit here, given the CapEx that is earmarked for the next 12
months plus the fiscal… We feel fairly confident that, unless there's an exogenous shock, equity markets
are underestimating equity earnings for the next 12 months, even though the numbers themselves look
anomalously high compared to the last decade…
.. It would not be our central case that you get a runaway selloff in yields, even though yields are at their
highs right now… It's been a very orderly move, but based on the things we look at.. CTAs have been
short duration for the last 30 basis points already… The bulk of the mortgage float is at a much lower
strike… The amount of negative convexity from mortgages is much smaller…. The combination of those
things, it doesn't look like anyone in the private world is particularly offsides… Largely, the move in
duration is some combination of issuance plus sovereign wealth funds plus Treasury buybacks, which we
will find out more about on September 9th…
George Cole (Chief European Rates Strategy): “There are few notable features of the recent rates sell-off.
First, it is global – no single market is driving the move.
Second, it is broad, with rising yields across maturities and forward rates, both rates expectations and term
premium, and both break evens and real rates.
Third, it has occurred alongside relatively limited moves in rates volatility, either realised or implied,
which has made it much easier to digest by risk assets. All of these factors makes it harder to argue that the
moves are unsustainable, and so it likely will require a change in the fundamentals to get yields lower.
That relief is most plausibly going to come from lower inflation and as a result more dovish policy paths,
but the ongoing upside risks to energy prices pose a serious challenge to this view. In addition, the most
likely path for relief will come via lower front-end rates, with secular fiscal and AI issuance pressures
likely to keep limit long-end relief. That is not necessarily a cause for broader concern however, given that
the combination of high term premium and low volatility was a common feature of rates markets prior to
the GFC (Chart below).
Across different curves, we think that front-footed central banks (ECB, RBA) are more likely to contain
risks to long end forwards vs markets where the central bank is inclined to hold (BoE, Fed). In Japan, the
pulling forward of further hike pricing raises the hurdle for over-delivery, but does point to shifting risks
on the curve – 5y should remain an underweight, in contrast to Europe.”
Will Marshall (Chief US Rates Strategist): “Rates markets have done a lot to reprice to a macro
environment that fundamentally justifies higher long-end yields, with a set of lingering risks that
commands some term-premium on top of that. There have been some signs of stability over the last week
or so, with global long-ends trading better, and some of that reflects a shift in the risks facing sovereign
bonds—notably a bit more clarity from the Fed, and a continued hawkish shift in BoJ expectations. But
the fundamental considerations that have carried yields higher are little changed, the latest batch of solid
labor data out of the US reinforces the vulnerability to further inflation upside, and the policy execution
risks have arguably risen.


[Page 3]
For most rates markets, the obvious and relatively benign offramp is softer inflation news—that’s likely a
relatively low vol process that relies on accumulation of news to compress the distribution of policy
outcomes. The emergence of a credible path towards resolution of the US-Iran conflict would be powerful
both for the potential disinflationary impact as well as for restoring bonds’ value as a portfolio hedge
(something that macro supply side volatility has seriously dented). Cracks in the growth picture or (more
dramatically) shifts in the AI investment and issuance trajectory would open the door to deeper rallies.
Reductions to overall borrowing needs would be a big deal (be it fiscal pictures or private sector issuance
paths), but we’re more skeptical that shuffling around where on the curve that borrowing takes place is
enough to arrest fundamental pressures.”
Equity / 10y Bond Correaltion
• Nat Gas: Fresh highs for TTF – What’s the base-case in to Winter, what’s the right tail + how could this
impact inflation?
Sam Dart (Global Co-Head of Commodities Research): “Even assuming average Winter weather, the
range of outcomes for TTF this winter is wide, from 45 EUR/MWh should Hormuz LNG flows normalize
by early Q4, to about 105 EUR/MWh if there’s no meaningful flow improvement this Winter.
Fundamentally, it’s the difference between having enough supply from the ME, so that TTF can balance
the market just by staying more expensive than coal (can be accomplished in the 40 EURs/MWh), and not
having that ME supply, forcing Europe to obtain incremental LNG by pricing so high (˜100 EUR/MWh)
that it discourages LNG demand elsewhere. As a result, each day that the market’s confidence in flow


[Page 4]
normalization erodes, which is often accelerated by military flare-ups, we move closer to our high-price
105 EUR scenario.
Qatar LNG loadings have continued to miss our expectations, as flows through the Strait have come off;
mtpa
A couple words on weather and El Nino. First, weather can theoretically bail us out. A 1 standard-
deviation warmer than average winter (+1C on average from Nov 1st to Mar 31st) reduces gas usage to the
tune of about 12pp of storage capacity, enough to (barely) prevent a storage stock out in NW Europe this
winter even if TTF fails to destroy Asia LNG demand. Second, Winters have been getting warmer on
average, so there’s a higher than 50% chance of a warmer-than-average winter in Europe. That being said,
we’ve looked at the correlation between Nino intensity and temperature anomalies and, although positive,
the correlation is very close to zero, so not clear this year’s Nino itself can do anything there.”


[Page 5]
Ben Readman (Head of European Nat Gas Trading) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… It’s
hard to have a base-case unless we know what's going to happen with the Straits of Hormuz.. It's a big
unknown.. Until we know that, it's very difficult to have a base case..
.. If the weather comes in warm, super windy, super wet…. And this event is being talked about quite a lot,
with the so-called Super El Nino…. that would essentially be a much better setup for gas, and gas demand
is going to be less and you'd actually be filling storage, or potentially filling storage, in November and not
drawing as much gas… your left tail really is that Qatar gas turns back on and it's warm, wet and windy….
and gas prices go down a lot from here…
..So as we go into winter, let's assume that we don't have Qatar gas back on the first of November, but you
have this super, super wet winter…. Then the gas market will be trading weather at that point…. . The
problem with this Super El Nino is there's some talk that in Q1 it brings a very cold snap, February March
time… due to what's called a sudden stratospheric warming event….
.. Your right tail is much more extreme… In the event that there is no gas coming from Qatar, then it's
going to be very difficult to get to the stock levels we need and just keep having gas coming into
Europe…. And also in the event that there's weather issues, because it's cold and there's no wind, then
you're going to have even more demand on gas… That essentially means for Europe to take the extra gas,
it's going to need to cope…. In a situation like that, you're going to have to have demand destruction
somewhere in the world to attract gas from there, to stick to Europe…. And we don't know exactly what
price that is…. GIR have talked about €100, and that feels about right to get gas to come to Europe, and
that will mean that where we've seen demand destruction over the last few months - Bangladesh, Thailand,


[Page 6]
India, South Korea, China - potentially all of these countries have the potential at that point to say.. ‘look,
the price is too high. We're just not going to need that much gas’… And we can take that gas in Europe….
.. But as and when we get into February or March and we do have these issues, it just might not be enough
gas around, and in which case, who knows what the price can get to at that point.
Jari Stehn (Chief European Economist) on potential inflation-impact: “Our commodity team’s baseline
remains for some energy market relaxation in coming months. That said, in a scenario where Middle East
energy exports normalize only slowly, they estimate that Dec26 TTF would likely need to around 100
EUR/MWh (assuming average winter temperatures), to more significantly discourage Asia LNG demand.
Our rule of thumb implies that an additional shock of that size would provide a further boost to headline
inflation of about 0.6pp relative to our baseline (potentially pushing Q4 headline inflation up to 3.8%) and
an additional boost to core inflation of about 0.3pp (potentially pushing the peak in core to 2.9% in Q2). In
a scenario where oil also rises sharply further (meeting our team’s adverse Brent scenario of $120)
headline might peak at 4% and core could rise to 3%.


[Page 7]
Regarding the ECB, we maintain our view that next week is probably the last hike of this tightening cycle
given our forecast for below-trend H2 growth, modest further core pressures, our forecast for lower energy
prices, and no Fed hikes. That said, we now see a low hurdle for a third hike in December if energy prices
do not fall from here or inflation firms more notably, especially if the Fed hikes in coming months.”
• Econ: Post Payrolls, where does Sep + beyond Fed pricing move under different CPI + PPI outcomes
next week?
Brandon Brown (US Treasury Trading): “After a strong payroll report, September meeting sits at 14.5 bps
priced. Given Waller emphasized the next round of inflation data will drive his vote, sitting near 50/50
priced makes sense heading into next week’s data. In our view, we are likely to see another divided
Committee, especially if the inflation data comes in soft and we see another hold. The bar for a hike vs a
hold is probably about 25bps core PCE based of the pass thru from PPI and CPI.
Moving out the curve, the market prices a bit above 60bps by the middle of 2027. In our view, it is
unlikely we see more than 3 hikes in the near term even if the data is hot, and therefore think scaling into
front end longs into back-ups can make sense.”
Brian Bingham (Short Macro Trading): “The Fed is now in the most paradoxical of all positions, beholden
to a single data print and potentially reactive to the rounding on the ECO screen…
Warsh told the market in his first press conference that he didn’t want to focus on the number to the right
of the decimal point, but now it’s the number to the right of that one that will be the determinant. Waller’s
speech on Thursday was surprisingly and overtly dovish, confirming our view that the Board skews
heavily if not unanimously dovish relative to the regional presidents, but offered little new information
beyond implicitly confirming a 30bp core CPI will merit a hike.
The market appears to be penciling the over/under at 25, but we struggle to see a meaningful rally on an
in-line 20bp core print following this week’s jobs report; in a world where the meeting goes in pricing
greater than 50% chance of a hike, the risk of the bond market interpreting a hold as a policy error seem
far greater than the harm of hiking into above-target inflation. We think the Fed will hike on a 20bp core
print, and believe the balance of risks supports paying Sep FOMC at 14.5bps priced and/or receiving
sfrz6z7.
Anshul Sehgal (Co-Head of FICC) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… We've got two
starkly different reads from Chairman Warsh and Governor Waller… So it's a bit of a coin-toss in terms of
whether they hike this cycle or not… We don't have a strong opinion on that, whether they need to hike in
the next few months…. A lot of it comes down to what happens to energy prices, what happens with
geopolitics….
…. As Chairman Warsh said, there are parts of the economy that are clearly in recession, housing, for
example, and there are parts of the economy that are booming, AI CapEx, for example.. . We don't expect
the Fed to engage in a full blown hiking cycle… The 1y1y rate at 435 basis points is pricing in about two
and a half hikes this cycle…. Sounds about right…


[Page 8]
… This is not a rate story…. It is not a consumer spending story… It is not a story that should affect
equities away from the AI names…. By and large, the economy is on cruise control and it's doing fine…
• Japan: How do JGBs stabilise – Will the BoJ accelerate tightening or are there other measures
policymakers will implement?
Sung Mo Koo + Yusuke Ochi (Tokyo FICC Strats): “Market pricing for BoJ rate hikes has surged to levels
with limited room for further hawkish repricing in the near term. Recently, hawkish rhetoric—such as U.S.
Treasury Secretary Bessent's public endorsement of Japanese policy normalization and BoJ Board
Member Takata's refusal to rule out consecutive or larger rate increases—has driven up rate hike pricing.
However, the most recent media reports indicating the central bank is likely to hike 25 by bps in
September and subsequently evaluate economic impact have capped more aggressive hawkish scenarios.
With 1y1y near 2.2% as of 3Sep EOD—implying a 25 bps hike roughly every four months toward a
terminal rate of ~2.25%—current market pricing assumes the terminal rate near upper range of neutral rate
estimate. Moving short-end rates higher from current levels would require fresh macro catalysts, upside
inflation surprises, or a sharp breakout in USDJPY.
Front-End Swap Pricing
Market participants are highly focused on whether and when the GPIF will reallocate capital back into
domestic assets. Expectations have heightened following the announcement of Management Committee’s
irregular meeting held on August 21 to review the fund's strategic portfolio framework. However, our view
remains that a material change in market conditions is required to justify an allocation overhaul,
particularly given the pushback happened just a few weeks ago. Among potential catalysts—higher
domestic yields, lower foreign yields, or heightened FX volatility—higher domestic yields represent the


[Page 9]
clearest and most justifiable trigger. Considering GPIF’s mandated investment target of nominal wage
growth + 1.9%, under very rough assumptions (2%–3% inflation, 1% real wage growth, and a 5% equity
risk premium), we view a 10y JGB yield at ~3.5% as the level that would decisively incentivize GPIF
repatriation into domestic bonds and equities, though political pressure may encourage signalling
allocation adjustments in advance to temper market volatility.”
GPIF Asset Allocation
Manoj Rangwani (Managing Director, Asia Macro Sales): “Several factors have caused yields to rise:
1/ BOJ is normalizing monetary policy with no clear idea where neutral rate is and where terminal rate can
land.
2/ Consistent tapering of JGB purchases by the BOJ - The market expects further reduction in JGB
purchases from October to weigh mainly on the intermediate sector.
3/ The fiscal backdrop remains expansionary: Takaichi’s administration looks likely to land on a budget of
143trn yen next year, 20trn higher than previous year. he market is estimating a gap of 10-15trn of further
funding to be created either by increasing issuance in the front end or utilizing gov’t reserves.
4/ Lifers duration gap is now negative -> As yields rise, Lifers have been selling back end bonds and
realizing losses into fiscal year end.
5/ Regional banks have also accumulated bad longs in 20yr JGBs since they were at 1% (now at 3.7%) +
they continue to liquidate into fiscal year end (Sep end).
5/ City banks have been the largest, most powerful buyer of the JGB market. However, they continue to
remain extremely short duration around 1yr – the shortest duration in their history. City banks used to


[Page 10]
accumulate JGBs for carry in the 5-20yr part of the curve dependent on their tactical views but, in the
current environment, they are not buying any dip.
6/ Pension funds led by GPIF have also remained under-weight JGBs given the macro-backdrop bringing
high returns by maintain their basic policy ratio.
7/ The only supporter for JGBs since liberation day last year has been foreigners. Foreigners have been
accumulating JGBs from 2.5% in 30yrs all the way north of 4% and now. at these levels, have become
reluctant to support the market despite the steepness of the curve + attractive yields.
What has caused the rally in the last 48 hours? 30yr JGBs have rallied roughly 20bps in the last 48 hours +
USDJPY has also dropped 4pts from the highs. BOJ Board member Takada-san, the most hawkish
member, suggested the BOJ could increase the frequency + potentially the magnitude of every rate hike
going forward. While the BOJ might not be on board for 50bps at this juncture, leaks have suggested the
pace to be quarterly rather than every six months. The market believes the BOJ will have to over-deliver
and that has both changed the tone in USDJPY and also priced in further term-premium in the JGB curve.
The JGB curve had been behaving with a ‘buyer’s strike’ attitude but now, with the BOJ looking to build
some credibility, the market is quickly adjusting term-premium in the back end of the curve.
Going forward, the Government is reportedly looking for the GPIF to increase allocation to buy JPY assets
to a suggested 35% in JGBs / 35% in JPY equities + the balance of 30% in foreign assets (even though
majority of their successful returns has come from US equities). An increase in JGBs by 10% would lead
to 30trn of buying in the JGB market, which would be roughly 200bn USD. That would be quite powerful
and enough to stabilize the market, as the Gov’t continues to look to reduce the issuance in the back end of
the curve and readjust to the front end of the curve.
The cost of funding for the Government is a growing concern for Takaichi’s administration as her Basic
Growth policy suggests 30-40trn of extra stimulus to be injected in to the economy for the next several
years. She will need to issue JGBs in the long run. As JGB yields have dramatically risen from 2% to 3%
over the course of the year, and nominal GDP headline is targeted around 3.25%, headline 10yr JGB
significantly above 3% could become a concern. In addition, BOJ raising policy rates aggressively will
also increase funding costs which could put a burden on government finances. Therefore a combination of
BOJ slowing down their tightening path, along with domestic investors regaining trust in their own JGB
market, will be on Takaichi’s agenda, to make sure she can stimulate the economy and hold a strong
approval rating. Fade the front end pricing and be conscious of fighting the flattening trend that has just
fired into the JGB market.”
5s30s JGB curve in the last 48 hours


[Page 11]
George Cole (Head of European Rates Strategy) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… There is
some sense that the BOJ are taking quite seriously the idea of accelerating the pace of hikes… Our
Japanese economics team have shifted to a September baseline for the BOJ… We heard from one of the
more hawkish board members that maybe bigger increments could be considered… the very fact that
we're discussing this in the context of the BOJ tells you that there is some connection between the FX
weakening, the intervention, the acceptance that maybe some of that volatility, both in the currency and
the long end of the curve, is maybe a rationale for the BOJ to hike a little bit faster….
… And then of course there's the discussion of what Japanese policymakers could do with the very strong
net international investment position of Japan… That is probably something to consider more seriously for
the currency stabilization than necessarily something to really drive yields lower…. After all, the JGB
market is very well subscribed by domestic owners, in large part the BOJ itself… And so the foreign
ownership share is actually tiny in JGBs… So in a sense more domestic ownership of the JGB market is
not an obvious kind of long term answer for JGBs… Instead what is more important is finding some sort
of notion of a macro equilibrium, stable inflation expectations, a policy reaction function that is well
understood and is geared toward nominal price stability… And that would also be complemented,
presumably in equilibrium, by fiscal policy that is sustainable and that is not delivering uncertainty and
volatility to the market…
.. So I think the acceleration of the BOJ, while it is probably part of the story, it is not as obvious that it
caps yields, unless you're really talking about something like the 30 year point on the curve, which would
probably benefit from some sort of notion that inflation stabilization and control is what the BOJ are really
now looking to achieve… We'd be just a little bit cautious that the idea that the BOJ hike faster here is
something to really conclude is the buy signal for say the ten year point on the curve… I do think the


[Page 12]
curve would flatten… But it’s probably directionally is still going to carry the forward curve higher… In
that sense we have shifted our view on ten year JGBs, we think that they will be at 3% by the end of the
year…. And it's possible we trade symmetrically around that...
• Emerging Markets: What is positioning like in popular EM Trades, how much has been cut, and is there
value starting to appear now in some trades?
Alan Stewart (Head of EMEA EM Trading) on EMFX: “Despite the consensus popularity of EMFX trades
(not surprising given the consistent YTD returns of the strategy), the sporadic headwinds since March
have kept positioning relatively contained. Additionally, several of the more popular trades have had
idiosyncratic drivers that have triggered short term corrections that helped cleanse and rotate positioning
into stronger hands: USDZAR up to 16.98 post the dovish SARB, EURHUF up to 371.50 on barrier stops,
fears of dovish NBH + rising TTF prices, USDBRL up to 5.2500 on re-injection of election/political risk
premium.
At those stretched levels of those trades there was definitely value, and we continue to view all three as
valid constituents of a broader EMFX carry portfolio, alongside COP, EGP, TRY and MXN. Our major
concern is that despite what appears to be modest positioning, the entry location of all those constituents
does not give us any comfort, and with energy prices at recent highs, FOMC risk elevated and coming into
September with its tricky equity seasonality, we are concerned that tail risks are underpriced. There are
also no stories where idiosyncratic alpha appears to be underpriced, with the possible exception of HUF.
Ultimately, it is the static carry that has made these risk adjusted returns so impressive this year and that
looks likely to remain the case. At the more frontier end of the basket EGP at 20%+ and NGN at 15% are
still providing the meatier portion of the static return, but also do look to be better subscribed. That said,
the latter is finally started to benefit from prolonged elevated crude prices, and the former has already had
a decent sell-off earlier in the year, so whilst ownership may be elevated, we are not overly concerned.
Ultimately the success of the EMFX carry trade this year has been dependent on staying involved and
diversifying the implementation: having at least 5 components on the long and the short leg has diluted the
impact of idiosyncratic underperformance. We think this will continue to be the case but that current
location, rather than current positioning, and a long list of potential tail risks into September, makes us
unwilling to chance current levels to add to such risk.”
Keith Dell (Head of EMEA EM Trading) on CEEMEA EM Rates: “Positioning in Ceemea rates now
remains very light as the majority have been washed out in the global fixed income rout. Whilst we still
exercise some caution in duration as a whole, we think there are pockets of value especially in front end
rates. EMFX continues to trade well, data has so far not justified the aggressive tightening priced and
central bank rhetoric remains relaxed. Following the softer Czech wages and in line inflation we like front
end CZK receivers, Hungary we still strongly believe in the Euro adoption and as such like long HGBs
and HUF, and are hopeful as we run into the October budget and medium term plan.
SAGBS have also seen notable outflow but with the flattening of the US curve post NFP and seemingly
bullet-proof rand we like to reengage in belly bonds from current levels. We are less enthusiastic on


[Page 13]
Poland as beta to global rates remains high and fiscal concerns are keeping international buyers at bay, and
in Israel, following the cut this week we think the easing cycle has most likely come to a close.”
Defne Karabulut + Yakov Sadovskii (EM Sales Desk): “In Hungary, we’re confident in the fiscal path and
govt credibility, with a clear commitment to bring the deficit below 3% by 2029/30. 15 October is the key
catalyst, with the 2027 budget and medium-term fiscal outlook due to be submitted, alongside greater
clarity on the EUR adoption timeline and ERM2 accession. We see scope for a credible, front-loaded
consolidation from the new government to reinforce the fiscal story. Against this backdrop, continued
disinflation + credible fiscal consolidation + room for HUF strength should give the MNB more room to
ease. We therefore see room for an October cut, but our bias remains to receive 5y at 5.15% (-1bp/month
carry) with the last inflation print at 1.2% (yoy).
In a similar light, EURHUF 350-370 range. We like selling EURHUF on spikes. Positioning has been
cleaned out in CE receivers and EURHUF shorts over the Summer hence see value in reengaging in both
rates and FX from the bullish side.”
Sun Lu (Senior North Asia Strat) on Asia EM: “Popular trades in Asia including long North Asia CA
surplus currencies (CNH, KRW, TWD) and short South Asia CA deficit currencies (PHP, IDR, THB) have
seen some position reduction of late. Market view of CNH a shifting to a funder due to large spot-fixing
gap and slower fixing appreciation vs carry. KRW rallied 12% already, thus market has reduced KRW
longs post Aug tax payment period. TWD & THB remain volatile driven by equity flows and gold price
action respectively. Pay Asia rates positions have also been reduced as currency pressures have reduced in
a few places like KRW and INR.
From here, we think a few trades stand out as attractive in Asia:
1/ Short CNHTWD as a positive-carry, bullish equities trade -> We think CNH can continue to serve as
funder in the near term with large spot-fixing gap of ~600pips. TWD may further appreciate towards low-
31 level if tech equities sentiment recovers ahead.
2/ Short USDINR as carry trade -> India’s FCNR inflow was much larger than expected (US$127bn),
giving RBI sufficient bullets to keep USDINR in a 94-97 range till year-end.
3/ Receive 1y1y KRW rates on rebound at 4.1%, targeting a rally to 3.8% -> The 12% KRW FX rally in
the summer and lower KOSPI reduce financial stability and inflation concern for Korea. With BOK
signalling preference to pre-empt rate hikes, and market already pricing in terminal rates of 4% (vs 6-
month median dot of 3.25%), KRW rates selloff is likely capped, in our view.”
Lucas Baladi Chohfi (BRL FX Trading) on Latam: “BRL Positioning increased quite substantially on the
past one week, mainly driven by elections trades betting on a cheaper downside. We did see some
allocations on cash as well that is worth highlighting and volumes below 5.15 were relevant. Before
elections we think this is a range and, to see a break thru 5.05 spot level, we need a very bullish
combination on local and global story.
BRL FX Positioning Score


[Page 14]
I think the market was in a very bearish mindset and we flipped to a bullish one in one week, as we saw
elections numbers getting way more tied than expected. Local story starts on full headline driven mode so
that’s a point of concern for us, we had a wave of headlines on Lula, Judiciary and Flavio. Quite a mix that


[Page 15]
can bring risk for both sides = We like to own wingy trades here and have some long gamma profile, as we
believe things can still get quite erratic + unstable.”
2) Trades we Like: Post Labor Day STS Strategies -> Moving post Labor Day, the risk-backdrop remains
supportive (growth solid, earnings strong), and especially supportive for Carry if long-end yields are now
de facto capped by the US Treasury.
Popular STS trades to position for a Risk + Carry supportive backdrop:
-> Rates: Selling 2y expiry into 10y tails in EUR rates via GSVLSE2A Index
-> Equities: Constructive on vega-weighted SPX dispersion via GSVIDUV6 Index
However, cognisant that ‘tails’ are ‘fat’ + there are material risks to the base-case from yields, geo-politics,
Super El Nino, a material change in the AI narrative etc
Popular STS trades for investors running a core portfolio skewed +ve for risk/carry to hedge
-> Tail-hedging for unforeseen risks: Own 1y SPX downside Vega via GSVILG10 Index
-) Rates: Selling 2y expiry into 10y tails in EUR rates
via GS GSVLSE2A Index
- Outright valuations: Implied vols screen rich at 72bps/pa, 92nd percentile over the past 1 year lookback
and vega-roll down is elevated at 2bps/pa. These vols have remained very "sticky" after the VAR shock
earlier in the year and despite inflation being well behaved (market looking through Hormuz closure) and
realized vols coming down a lot. Implieds are not only high on an outright basis but also versus realized
vol, which means the trade can perform well in an environment of persisting uncertainty.
- Callable bond supply: We believe one catalyst for implied vols to normalize could be the increased
supply of callable structures that we expect post Summer given the fact that European credit spreads
remain at the tights whereas rates and vol levels are relatively high which creates a "perfect" blend for
investors to seek for all in yield pick-ups from callables.
- ECB & path of rates: The ECB path seems to be well defined and credible, with a 25bps hike very likely
to come in September. Our view is that vols should come down post ECB hike in Sep. We are also
constructive on European equities and risk in general The blend of the two (benign front end rate changes
and equities trading well) has historically been a scenario in which the 2y10y short vol strategy has
performed the best.
- Diversifier to 1-month gamma: Trading on longer dated 2-year expiries means that the trade performance
is mainly driven by its vega component, i.e. for implied vol levels to decrease, rather than theta/gamma as
it is the case for shorter-dated (e.g. 1-month) vol carry trades that we offer on the platform. Focussing on
2-year expiries also implies that there is no direct event-risk exposure to monetary policy in the coming 2
years - a diversifier to 1m10y trades where there is more direct exposure given the shorter expiry.
EUR 2y10y implied vols are trading at rich levels and the vega roll is steep/positive


[Page 16]
-) Equities: Constructive on vega-weighted SPX dispersion
via GSVIDUV6 Index
- Re-pricing of vols: After a very strong 3-month period for SPX dispersion strategies, we have seen a re-
pricing of single stock vols since the beginning of August which has improved the entry point for
dispersion strategies on a going forward basis. Potential factors driving this are a broadening out of the AI
trade with less demand for traditional tech upside.
- Clustering of implied vs realized: Overall the re-pricing has been mainly in implied space and realized
correlation continues to be extremely low, continuing to undershoot implied correlations. We believe in a
clustering of implied/realized correlations and think the fact that implied correlations are low is primarily
driven by the current market regime in which realized correlations are even lower and not necessarily a
"bad" sign for the dispersion trade. This is also visible in the fact that dispersion strategies had a strong
return over the past 18 months despite implied correlations being low.
- Diverging AI impact on stocks: We think dispersion will continue because the AI theme still affects
companies differently whether you are on the supply side of the chain, whether you are a consumer of AI,
whether you are a "hyperscalers". We think this will continue to lead to disruption and high dispersion in
single stock returns.
Realized correlation continues to be extremely low in the current macro regime
-) Tail-hedging for unforeseen risks: Own 1y SPX downside Vega


[Page 17]
via GSVILG10 Index
- Implied vol levels: 1 year downside vega has normalized a lot since the April spike and in general over
the past 5 years. Current levels at 25v are at the 24th percentile since Jan-2020 and "only" 4 vols above the
lows in 2024. 1-year downside skew (3.8 vols) is materially cheaper than on shorter dated expiries such as
1-month skew (at 10.3 vols). Short-dated skew is rich because dealers and hedgers are paying up for near-
term tail protection. The 1-year tenor has not seen the same demand, making it relatively cheap to buy
downside vega further out.
- Longer dated expiries: Flow data shows that activity on SPX options has moved and is moving into
shorter dated expiry space to the extreme that same-day expiry options are making up a large % of traded
notionals. We see less activity in the longer dated 1-year space. However, we think it's highly attractive
because: i) Theta decay is slower and as such you have time for the macro risks above to materialise
without being bled out by time decay as you would be in short-dated options; ii) It also covers the full
macro calendar with the Fed cycle, midterms, potential geopolitical escalation, and earnings seasons all in
one position.
- Cost of carry vs payoff: Our strategy goes long 1y 10d puts with EOD delta hedging and a DDM model
to "reduce the cost of carry" by incorporating a skew adjustment accounting for the fact that vols tend to
decrease when the market is rallying and as such is holding some delta against this. In terms of implied
vols moving lower from here we see a current vega about 0.70% and, based on the past 5y, we see about
4v potential downside in implied. This screens attractive to us as in a covid type of tail event the strategy
returned 50%+.
1y downside vega continues to trade at relatively low levels
Thoughts welcome
Adam
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, as of 5 September 2026.
