[Page 1]
GS Tiwana - Global Reflections Iran Escalation Energy Inflation
Bond Selloff Midterms 4 Sep 2026
Natasha Tiwana  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President · FICC & Equities
4 Sep 2026
Iran escalation, energy inflation, global bond sell-off/rebound and election anxiety, all in what’s meant to
be the last relatively quiet week before year-end. So, what happened in August? The commodity/real asset
trade had a phenomenal run, long-duration & politics-sensitive trades declined and US momentum
suffered another painful drawdown, ending the month at -5% YTD performance. The composition of
momentum and what drives the market from here is changing, what is not changing is high thematic and
factor vol amid contained index vol. Five key points as investors frame their ‘back to school’ playbook:
Stuck between a rock and a hard place… Elevated risk appetite and potential for a growth shock limit
upside in equities while the recent valuation de-rating and scope for a scale back of hawkish rates pricing
reduces the probability of a large drawdown. September’s FOMC decision could tip the balance in either
direction, though Waller’s recent comments did lean in the ‘on hold’ camp. We note continued demand for
tactical hedging into the meeting, especially as the recent implied vol reset makes option implementations
attractive. While the hefty weight of AI in index hedges stifles their appeal amid potential for an
aggressive AI recovery, SPXXAI is our preferred choice for a broad market hedge.


[Page 2]
Rates Rollercoaster. Iran escalation early in the week drove a rally in front-end yields and sell-off in
popular dollar debasement trades (GSXGOLDM), but Waller’s dovish comments scaled back market
pricing of a September Fed hike. Ongoing yield volatility has resulted in demand for rate-sensitive basket
hedges. Historically Non-Profitable Tech (GSXUNPTC) has been amongst the most rates reactive, but
hesitation to short AI/Tech related exposure has prompted demand for a sector-neutral expression where
we’d flag our L/S Wolfe 10y rate sensitive pair (GSPU10YR).
US MIDTERMS: We are currently in a full Republican government where the President, the House, and
the Senate are all Republican. This means the outcome of the election is either: unchanged full Republican
government or a divided government where Democrats take majority of either/both House and Senate. The
more actionable question for investors is which policy areas become easier to negotiate, receive greater
regulatory attention, or gain leverage in future spending debates. We see noise impacting 3 parts of the
equity market in a scenario where Democrats gain majority of House/Senate: (1) Affordable Care Act
exposed equities (GSHLCACA) are expected to benefit while companies that produce drugs
(GSHLCBPH) are expected to face challenges if there are controls on the price of meds. (2) Republicans
have boosted defense spending (GSXUDFNS) while cutting spending in other areas (remember DOGE?).
We could see non-defense government spending boosted (GSXUGOVT). (3) Public sentiment assumes
datacenters are disliked across the board. US households blame datacenters and AI for higher electricity
prices. If more electricity is generated to support US households and the AI build, electricity prices will
normalize. We like buying Power Infrastructure (GSENEPOW).


[Page 3]
Across the pond, French election uncertainty has meant French Domestics (GSXEFRDO) are the worst
performing European thematic over 1m but valuation at the upper-end of history (~80%ile 5Y) implies
scope for more downside particularly if OAT-Bund spreads widen further. We are more constructive on the
fiscal outlook in Germany, though high energy prices and state elections in September present a near-term
overhang. Nonetheless, YTD underperformance in some pockets like Defense (GSSBDEFE) looks
increasingly hard to ignore.


[Page 4]
Watch European gas (not oil) into winter. Brent is once again hovering close to $100/bbl territory as the
market prices a ‘no-Midest-deal’ status quo but our commodity strategists note increased market
adaptability to the conflict, including a rise in dark transits. This is not the case for gas, given Qatar LNG
loadings continue to miss relative to expectations, and European gas storage levels are running lower than
seasonality would imply ahead of winter heating season. In a scenario where gas exports only normalize
gradually through 2027, Dec26 TTF could rally toward 100 EUR/MWh (vs ~71 EUR currently),
supporting higher earnings for Gas producers (GSXENGAS) and driving margin pressure for Gas
consumers (GSXETTFX).


[Page 5]
Non-Profitable Tech (GSX1NPTC) has been pricing in a lower rates environment since mid-last year that
has not happened yet, and the group is reverting back:
Mirroring the pre-election patterns in uncertainty, volatility, and investor flows, US equities have typically
traded sideways in the few months ahead of midterms.
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research. US WEEKLY KICKSTART: The 2026 midterms
and US equities, as of 24-July-2026.
Democrats have pushed heavily to revive the enhanced ACA premium tax credits that expired at the end of
2025, which has since led to premium increases and a decline in participation in ACA marketplace plans.
Reauthorizing these subsidies is a top priority to mitigate coverage losses. More patients are expected to
become uninsured or unable to afford rising premiums. Restoring subsidies would likely return patient
volumes to providers, who are currently seeing increased bad debt and uncompensated care as more
patients transition to "self-pay" status (link). Marketplace-focused insurers have direct earnings exposure
to enrollment swings each time this gets litigated. Hospitals and outpatient providers face rising
uncompensated-care costs the longer the lapse continues. Inclusion of ACA affordability measures and
Medicaid related provisions in future spending negotiations remains high on the Democratic agenda.
The Democratic AI and energy agenda focuses heavily on "ratepayer protection," specifically calling for a
shift of massive AI power infrastructure costs away from households and onto datacenters. Polling
suggests that concerns surrounding datacenters are bipartisan, although opposition is more intense among
Democrats, largely driven by concerns voiced by US households around electricity prices and
infrastructure strain. We believe this may be one of the more underappreciated election-sensitive themes in
US equities. The debate is increasingly moving away from whether datacenters should be built and
towards who will pay for the incremental power generation and transmission required by datacenters. To


[Page 6]
the extent policymakers converge around datacenters cost-bearing, utilities and grid operators could
benefit from regulatory clarity, while economics for certain datacenter projects become less attractive.
GS Research estimates total oil exports significantly above visible exports, limiting incremental crude
price upside
Oil includes crude, refined products, and LPG. For Kpler flows as currently reported and assuming no
revisions, Persian Gulf exports are defined as the sum of flows through the Strait of Hormuz, Yanbu,
Fujairah, Gulf of Oman, and Botas Ceyhan. For revisions, crude balance, and Kpler products exports,
Persian Gulf exports are defined as the sum of exports from Saudi Arabia, UAE, Iran, Iraq, Qatar, and
Kuwait.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of 3 September 2026.
