[Page 1]
 
Everything Rips As Rate-Hike Odds Dip On Dovish 
Waller & Dumping Dollar Ahead Of Payrolls 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 04, 2026 - 04:35 AM 
Tl;dr: Stocks climbed a wall of Waller non-worry today as the formerly hawkish Fed governor 
flipped dovish, slamming rate-hike hopes and sending stocks (AI Tech leading) and bonds 
(prices) higher. The dollar puked amid a yentervention-esque move which blasted Gold and 
most notably Bitcoin sizably higher. Oil also ended modestly higher while US diesel prices hit 
four year highs. 
 
While the move in the yen was remarkable, we will start with Waller as that was the biggest 
driver of today's market malarkey (as for once oil took a distant back-seat). 


[Page 2]
 
Rates 
Before it happened, Goldman Sachs one-delta desk-head, Rich Privorotsky had warned traders 
that "Waller is the obvious event today" and he was spot on. 
Fed Governor Chris Waller said today that “recent data suggest we are finally seeing some 
signs of disinflation” and that “if this continues in the data due over the next two weeks, I would 
be inclined to support holding the target for the federal funds rate at its current setting.” 
Waller added that “underlying inflation is doing better than the core numbers suggest,” noted 
that “approximately half” of core PCE inflation in July was driven by non-market services prices, 
and said that he does not see “elevated energy prices and tariffs now as a significant source of 
ongoing inflation pressure.” 
Coming on the heels of Fed's Williams more balanced (not definitely not hawkish) comments 
yesterday pushing back against the need for a September hike, the market's implied-odds of a 
September rate-hike plummeted to a coin-toss (from over 70% likely)... 
 
Polymarket odds plunged even lower (just 41% that The Fed will hike in September)... 


[Page 3]
 
 
That dovish optimism was paused briefly when ISM Services PMI hit, showing the highest 
Prices Paid since July 2022, pushing rate-hike odds higher very briefly. 
 
But the move was set and as Jim Bianco (@BiancoResearch) noted on X,  
...Fed watching is now vote-tallying 
With Waller suggesting he will hold, this means the September vote is 6 (hold) - 5 (hike) - 1 
(unknown). 
The unknown is Jay Powell. He could be the decider. 
Here is his vote-tallying cheat sheet... 


[Page 4]
 
 
As you'd expect, the short-end of the Treasury curve outperformed today, but as the chart below 
shows, we ended well off the day's yields lows as PMI Prices and stronger stocks cooled any 
bid for bonds... 


[Page 5]
 
 
Waller also said he expects upcoming jobs data to confirm the labor market is in a satisfactory 
state. 
US jobs growth got back on track in August, consistent with general steadiness that’s helping 
the Fed focus more intently on its battle with inflation. Economists estimate Friday’s report to 
show a 55,000 increase in payrolls after an unexpected dip in July. The unemployment rate is 
seen holding at 4.1%. 
“A Goldilocks report will help reduce rate hike concerns, which should lower yields and that 
could spark a solid rebound in stocks,” said Tom Essaye at The Sevens Report. 
“Conversely, a ‘too hot’ report will only further reinforce fears of more rate hikes and we can 
expect yields to rise and stocks to drop.” 
Any bond-market gains on weak employment data are likely to be limited, Mischler’s di Galoma 
said. 
That’s because when US markets reopen after Monday’s Labor Day holiday, a supply surge will 
include Treasury auctions of three-, 10- and 30-year debt, as well as an anticipated rebound in 
sales of new corporate bonds. 
Just for shits and giggles, we built this chart to show the dramatic divergence between the 
short-end and long-end since Bessent unleashed his bazooka (2TY dramatically higher in yield 
while the 30Y is flat-ish)... 


[Page 6]
 
 
It seems the bazooka threat is working...for now. 
And lastly for rates, it's not all sunshine and rainbows, as today saw US mortgage rates rise to 
the highest level in more than a year (July 2025)... 


[Page 7]
 
 
Higher financing costs are taking their toll on homebuyer demand. The share of pending sales in 
August fell 0.2% from a year ago, the first negative readout since November 2025, according to 
Realtor.com’s latest monthly housing market trends report. 
“It looks like August was the month where higher mortgage rates really caught up to housing 
demand,” Krimmel said. 
And a crashing dollar won't help... 
Fiats & Anti-Fiats 
The dollar puked bigly today (down over 0.6% - shockingly only the 7th biggest daily drop this 
year)... 


[Page 8]
 
 
The driver of the dollar's demise was straightforward: a massive and consistent bid for Yen 
(extending yesterday's 'teaser' dramatically)... 
 
This is the Yen's second biggest two-day gain since August 2024... 


[Page 9]
 
 
But no official word of any intervention. 
“I don’t think the move was an intervention or rate check, but there is a lot of caution around the 
160 level,” said Marito Ueda, president of SBI FX Trade. 
The yen began strengthening earlier on Wednesday, after a BOJ board member raised the 
possibility of outsize or back-to-back interest-rate hikes. 
Overnight index swaps are now more than fully pricing in a standard 25 basis point rate hike at 
the BOJ’s September meeting. Pricing suggests only a very low likelihood of a 50 basis point 
move. 
The move “shows how sensitive positioning has become,” said Nathan Thooft at Manulife 
Investment Management. 
“The market got the message that the authorities want a stronger yen.” 
As a reminder, Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent said he expects BOJ Governor Kazuo Ueda to 
“do the right thing” on monetary policy, while describing recent moves in the yen as “pretty well 
contained.” 
He also defended his move to support the yen, saying that any extreme volatility in the 
Japanese currency could feed through to higher US interest rates. 
And while the move in yen was remarkable, the move in the anti-fiat assets was even more so 
with gold soaring 2.5%, back above $4500... 


[Page 10]
 
 
...and back up near its 200DMA... 
 
And, drum-roll please, bitcoin exploding 5% higher (topping $81,000) up at recent key 
resistance levels... 


[Page 11]
 
 
...its highest 'close' since May 14th... 
 
Gains in tech stocks occurred simultaneously (which drove which)... 
Stocks 
US equities were strong today (apart from Small Caps - no mega squeeze today) with Nasdaq 
leading the way on the back of various tech headlines. Of course Waller was the initial trigger 
the algos needed to buy, Mortimer, buy. Some modest selling pressure in the last few minutes 
wiped some of the lipstick off this pig... 


[Page 12]
 
 
Tech outperformed on the day along with Consumer Discretionary names while Energy and 
Materials lagged... 
 
Broadcom Q3 earnings beat and the CEO gave a monster LT AI guide... roughly $115bn in 
FY27 and $230bn in FY28. The problem was Q4 revenue slightly below the Street against a 
huge bar. Competition in custom silicon is also becoming more visible. The read through for AI 
infrastructure is still strong, but less clear for the stock.  


[Page 13]
 
 
Snowflake was cleaner... accelerating product revenue, higher guidance and a strong reaction.   
 
That helped lift Broad AI higher today (additionally aided by OpenAI's launch of its GPT-6 'Astra' 
model), outperforming the S&P Ex-AI... 


[Page 14]
 
 
The Broad AI basket erased Friday's losses... 
 
...distracting from the plummeting Token cost (discussed earlier)... 


[Page 15]
 
 
...and possible rollover in Token demand (discussed earlier) 
 
And don't forget, credit smells a rat... 


[Page 16]
 
 
AI Leaders were mixed with Software outperforming while Optical Networking lagged... 
 
There was also no sign of AI's productivity boost in today's Unit Productivity data... 


[Page 17]
 
 
Market participants are bracing for volatility tomorrow, then an easing of tension until CPI and of 
course the Fed meeting... 
 
And so, with today's results in mind, we did see AI stocks finally trade higher on objectively good 
news (but stalled at a key resistance level from last week) and as Goldman's Rich Privorotsky 
warned (full note available here for pro subs): 
"My suspicion is peak multiples were set in the Q2 rally and the market now needs proof that the 
durability of AI spend can outrun compression in the economics (IE earn into multiples).  
Broadcom helps on demand.  
Snowflake helps on downstream adoption.  
The question is whether that is enough to restart the multiple cycle. " 


[Page 18]
 
He concludes by explaining that "the core of [his] view, as long as energy not going up markets 
are stable/higher." 
So let's look at the energy complex... 
Energy 
WTI topped $93 overnight, before fading during the day, easing after Saudi Arabia kept the price 
of its flagship crude unchanged for next month, signaling less market tightness than some 
investors had anticipated.... 
 
...testing a key resistance level again and failing... 
 


[Page 19]
 
“Escalation in the Middle East dashes any hope for a recovery in refined product flows, leaving 
markets tight,” analysts at the bank ING wrote in a note on Thursday. 
The ongoing claims of 'ghost' tankers through the Strait (as Goldman discussed here) remain an 
interesting offset to the independent firms that track ships (all of which negligible traffic). 
“Renewed hostilities between the US and Iran continues to highlight the fragility of any 
non-concrete deal or short-term de-escalation,” said Ryan McKay, senior commodity strategist 
at TD Securities.  
“Iran is not backing away from controlling the Strait, which ultimately keeps probability of 
escalation high as the US facilitates ship passages through the Omani route.” 
The most important headline overnight may be the WSJ report that "Privately, Trump is having 
discussions with senior aides about whether to declare the Iran war over, U.S. officials said, 
noting Trump has said he favors the idea."   
Trump reportedly said, “I like our position now much better, with almost total control of the 
Hormuz Strait, and their economy totally collapsing.”   
As Privorotsky noted before the open this morning, that feels like US reflexivity becoming 
explicit. 
●​ Oil over $90, 
●​ product markets are tight, 
●​ gasoline matters politically, 
●​ and interceptor inventories are reportedly stretched.  
Privorotsky's bias remain that this is an escalate to de-escalate...that on the other side of Labor 
day there might be a different approach.  Perhaps optimistically,  that makes me think we are 
closer to the high end than the low end of the near term energy range. 
That worsening impact of the energy 'crisis' was underscored domestically by American diesel 
prices, which surged to the highest since mid-2022 (very close to a record high). In the US, the 
national average pump price for diesel climbed to $5.783 a gallon on Wednesday, surpassing 
the previous wartime peak set in April, according to the American Automobile Association. 


[Page 20]
 
 
A big factor in the rise of diesel, which is obviously refined from crude oil, is a global strain on 
refining capacity. Specifically, attacks by Ukraine on Russian refineries have forced one of the 
world’s biggest refiners to suspend diesel exports. 
But we did see a decrnt drop in Diesel crack spread today... 
 
...so perhaps some easing in that tightness (refinery capacity constraints) is occurring. 
Finally, we give the last word to Goldman Sachs chief strategist Christian Mueller-Glissmann 
(full note available here for pro subs), who, beneath the usual "stay invested, buy dips" 
boilerplate, dropped a sentence that deserved its own headline: 
"Bond markets have become a speed limit for equities.  


[Page 21]
 
Longer-dated bonds remain under pressure from fiscal concerns, competition for capital from AI 
investment and sticky inflation, reducing central banks' ability to ease." 
Glissman notes that the equity market’s response to rising bond yields has tended to be closely 
linked to the source, speed, and starting  level of the yield move.  
...while global bond yields have increased over the last 6 months, the recent shift in US 10-year 
yields has been relatively gradual (so far), helped by energy price relief around the ceasefires - 
however, sharper increases, e.g. due to sharp energy price spikes, a more hawkish Fed or more 
upward pressure on term premia, could drive more indigestion - usually 2sd increases over 3 
months weighs more on equities. 
 
Thus, he concludes, longer-duration bonds are becoming a source of risk in portfolios. 
Threat or promise to Bessent on more buybacks? 
 
