[Page 1]
 
"Dark" Hormuz Tanker Transits Surge As Goldman 
Finds 5 Million Barrel-A-Day Blind Spot 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 04, 2026 - 01:55 AM 
Senior Trump administration officials have touted the recovery in oil flows through the Strait of 
Hormuz this week. 
Energy Secretary Chris Wright told CNBC on Monday that more than 17 million barrels per day 
had passed through the critical waterway, marking the highest level during the six-month 
conflict. 
U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright on the Strait of Hormuz:​
​
Iran has played this card to try to hold the world hostage, thinking everybody will bend to their 
needs. That’s nonsense.​
​
On Monday, the U.S. Navy escorted over 17 million barrels of crude oil floating out of the… 
pic.twitter.com/i8YCVp5gur 
— Clash Report (@clashreport) September 3, 2026 
President Trump declared on Truth Social that “Hormuz Oil Volumes are BACK!” 


[Page 2]
 
 
Trump on late Thursday: 
TRUMP SAYS 30 TO 40 BOATS NIGHTLY COMING THROUGH HORMUZ STRAIT​
​
TRUMP REFERS TO VESSELS ASSISTED IN PASSAGE BY US 
— zerohedge (@zerohedge) September 3, 2026 
Vice President JD Vance was also out today, saying, "Last night, 15 million barrels came out of 
the Strait. That's because of the USA."  
JD Vance:​
​
Last night, 15 million barrels came out of the Strait. That’s because of the USA.​
​
If we don’t do it, nobody else would do it, and if nobody else did it, we would have a catastrophic 
world energy crisis. pic.twitter.com/lpBsMsS6cy 
— Clash Report (@clashreport) September 3, 2026 
Goldman commodities strategist Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby and her team , which includes energy 
expert Daan Struyven, are revising their tanker-flow estimates sharply higher (full note available 
here for pro subs), suggesting that Tehran's ability to control the strategic maritime chokepoint 
has been significantly degraded. 
Grigsby and her team told clients Wednesday that Gulf oil exports had recovered to between 15 
million and 16 million barrels per day, roughly two-thirds of prewar levels. 


[Page 3]
 
However, Grigsby pointed out that visible tanker data show flows of only about 10 million barrels 
per day on a seven-day moving average. That 5 million-barrel-per-day gap reflects what the 
energy team at Goldman called the "rise of dark transits." In other words, tankers are switching 
off their Automatic Identification Systems to avoid detection by Iran. 
The analysts estimate that the net disruption to Gulf oil flows this week is around 7.9 million 
barrels per day. While that remains an alarming supply shock, it is substantially smaller than 
visible shipping data previously suggested. 
Grigsby wrote: 
Brent crude prices have risen to $95 as oil and shipping markets now price a “no-Mideast-deal” 
status quo for longer. 
●​ Recent attacks between the US and Iran, following a month-long pause, suggest that 
military strikes on Iran are still possible within the new US maximum economic pressure 
campaign and increase the risks of damage to oil infrastructure. 
●​ Attacks on oil tankers in the Persian Gulf and near the Red Sea have ramped up, with at 
least six confirmed strikes over the last 10 days. 
●​ However, increasing market adaptability to the conflict, including a rise in dark transits 
and the price sensitivity of China crude imports, will likely continue to moderate the 
upside to crude prices, even in the case of prolonged disruptions in the Middle East 
(assuming no large damage to oil infrastructure). 
Accounting for dark crossings, we estimate recent total Persian Gulf oil exports at roughly 
15-16mb/d or 2/3 of pre-war levels, while recent visible exports stand at only 10mb/d (7DMA) 
(Exhibit 2). 


[Page 4]
 
 
We estimate a net hit to Persian Gulf flows of 7.9mb/d now (Exhibit 3). 
 


[Page 5]
 
●​ The 5mb/d upward revision to the Gulf flows over the last two weeks likely results from a 
ramp up in oil tankers crossing the Strait near the coast of Oman with their AIS off. 
●​ While Hormuz flows are improving, Red Sea exports (via Bab-el-Mandeb, Suez, and 
SUMED pipeline) have decreased by 4.5mb/d in August from July as Saudi Arabia 
started redirecting oil flows from Yanbu back to eastern ports given the Houthi threat. 
The upward revisions to the Persian Gulf exports lead to upward revisions in oil on water, 
implying that high-frequency visible oil data likely underestimate recent inventories.  
●​ Adjusting for expected upward revisions, we estimate global visible stocks ato 39mb 
above the same-day raw reading, implying a 2.1mb/d pace of inventory draws over the 
last 30 days (Exhibit 4, left panel). 
 
Our read-through is that disruptions at the Hormuz chokepoint are forcing Gulf producers and 
shipping carriers to adapt faster than Wall Street's tracking models can keep up with. The oil is 
still moving, but an increasingly larger share is going dark.  
However, the headline crude-flow numbers obscure the deeper problem. The global economy 
does not run on crude oil; it runs on refined products, particularly diesel. While tanker traffic 
through Hormuz is recovering and a promising signal, the refining crisis and resulting 
middle-distillate tightness remain unresolved. 
Professional subscribers can read the full GS note, which includes trading recommendations, 
here on our new Marketdesk.aiportal.  
 
