[Page 1]
 
Is The Bessent Put Landing In The Wrong Market? 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, SEP 04, 2026 - 07:20 PM 
Authored by Frank Monkam, Bloomberg macro strategist, 
The so-called Bessent put has been touted as a multi-tooled strategy from the US Treasury 
aimed at managing the recent volatility in rates markets, and while its effectiveness is yet to be 
validated, the equity market has been an unintended beneficiary of this volatility containment. 
 
The MOVE index is off the recent lows, having jumped 10 vol pts over the past week, but it 
remains very much orderly in the grand scheme of things. The bond market, however, has 
continued to trade with a bearish bias, with yields pushing toward cyclical highs. The 
suppressed volatility thus far hasn’t proven to be very effective in capping yields, as global bond 
markets continue face a structural inflation, term premium and duration supply crisis. 
Equities, however, are showing remarkable resilience in the face of an increasingly choppy 
macro environment marred by spiking energy and agro-commodity prices and rising interest 
rates. We had noted recently the SPX’s streak of now 25 trading sessions and counting without 


[Page 2]
 
a more than 1% drawdown, a resilience parameter that sits in the 90th percentile of such a 
streak over a five-year look back. 
 
With the MOVE index still within the bottom part of its cyclical range (despite the recent bounce), 
partly thanks to the Bessent put, equities are serendipitously finding a support catalyst here.  
However, the 100-level on the MOVE historically looks like an important cross-asset fault line. 
The most severe episodes of SPX realized volatility in our sample disproportionately cluster 
above that threshold,while sub-100 MOVE regimes are overwhelmingly associated with more 
contained equity volatility, as the chart above shows. 
The Bessent put therefore might keep bond vol in check, despite still coming short of reversing 
the rates selloff, but the inflection point could come 20 pts higher in the MOVE... 


[Page 3]
 
 
This is the level where macro markets could enter a cross-asset vol vortex where there would 
be very few places to hide. 
 
 
 
