[Page 1]
 
Payrolls Kill Waller's "Fed Pause" Party As Oil, 
Yields, & AI Earnings Whipsaw Markets This Week 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SATURDAY, SEP 05, 2026 - 09:15 PM 
Tl;dr: The week began with the market confronting an unpleasant combination - renewed 
war-driven energy inflation, a global sovereign-bond rout, and a hawkish Fed (Warsh J-Hole) - 
and ends with a blockbuster payrolls report removing what remained of the “growth is too weak 
to hike” argument. Equities ended flat, briefly helped by Fed's Waller) and supported by AI and 
software earnings (dude you're getting a DELL). The dollar dumped (yentervention?), gold and 
bitcoin's gains were punched in the face by payrolls, but the underlying message was 
considerably less benign: oil is back near $95, diesel is at record highs, global borrowing costs 
are still testing multi-decade highs, and investors are moving cash out of US equity funds and 
into money markets. 
 
Here's how we saw the week... 


[Page 2]
 
The Payrolls Report Just Put A September Fed Hike Back On The 
Table 
The headline number was a genuine shock: August nonfarm payrolls rose 162,000 (and July 
was revised up), nearly triple expectations and four standard deviations wide of consensus, 
while unemployment held at relative lows and labor-force participation increased. 
 
That combination - strong hiring, positive revisions, and stable unemployment - was precisely 
what the bond market did not want to see with oil already reigniting inflation concerns (even 
though wage growth slowed)... 
 
2Y TSY Yields jumped to their highest level since January 2025 (while 30Y actually ended lower 
on the day), the dollar strengthened (briefly) and gold tumbled.  


[Page 3]
 
 
Wage growth, at 3.1% year-over-year, was less alarming, but not soft enough to rescue the 
dovish narrative. 
The next - and possibly final - gatekeeper is next week’s CPI (more at the end below). 
Late in the day today - having zero market impact - President Trump weighed in on rates... 
Trump issued his demands Friday in a lengthy social media post after a stronger-than-expected 
August jobs report, which could bolster the case for Fed officials to raise rates at their next 
policy meeting starting Sept. 15. 
In his post, the president exhorted his hand-picked Fed Chairman Kevin Warsh, whom he called 
“great,” and board members to “get smart” and “BE PATRIOTS for a change.” 
“LOWER THE RATE OR I’LL STOP TRADING WITH COUNTRIES WITH WHICH WE HAVE A 
DEFICIT,”Trump posted. 
“High interest rates put the U.S.A. at a very unfair disadvantage, and I won’t allow that to 
happen!” 
Trump later Friday rejected the idea that a hike in rates would reassure bond markets that are 
worried about debt and inflation, saying that the US should be at a 1% rate or lower. 
“It doesn’t reassure the bond market,” Trump said about raising interest rates.  
“We should be at 1% or half-a-percent, we should not be at 4%.” 
Maybe if the war ended and energy prices normalized, The Fed could 'ease'... 
Oil Reintroduced the Market’s Least-Favorite Trade: Stagflation 
The week’s original shock came from renewed U.S.-Iran hostilities around the Strait of Hormuz. 


[Page 4]
 
Brent rallied over 6% on the week (back above $95 at six-week highs)... 
 
...while WTI surged over 8% (its biggest weekly rise since July), even after both benchmarks 
retreated on Friday... 
 
Fresh US strikes, Iranian threats against Gulf exports, and Ukrainian attacks on Russian refining 
infrastructure pushed the geopolitical risk premium sharply higher, but more importantly 
constraining refining capacity even more, sending refined product prices soaring further (led by 
GasOil/Diesel - now far above 'normal' crude crack levels)... 


[Page 5]
 
 
US diesel prices hit record levels and the market was forced to price a second-round inflation 
problem extending far beyond gasoline: freight, manufacturing, food and ultimately government 
borrowing costs. 
 
All of which raises the specter of stagflation - higher energy costs simultaneously slowing 
growth (industrial demand) while driving up costs (inflation) - and Goldman's L/S Stagflation 
basket has been flashing that warning for a while... 


[Page 6]
 
 
Although, we did see 'Growth' surprises pick up this week (with actual inflation surprises flat) 
 
..but again - all that can change with next week's numbers... 
The Global Bond Vigilantes staged a Coordinated Revolt 
The renewed oil shock landed in a sovereign-debt market already worried about deficits, 
inflation, and relentless issuance. This left global aggregate sovereign debt yields at new cycle 
highs (highest since July 2007 and just a few bps shy of 2002 highs!)... 


[Page 7]
 
 
Breaking it down: 
●​ Japan’s 10-year yield reached 3% for the first time since 1996;  
 
●​ British long-end borrowing costs approached 30-year highs;  
●​ German and French yields reached levels last seen in 2011 and 2008;  
●​ and the U.S. 10-year briefly touched 4.818%, its highest since November 2023 (with 5% 
looming large as The Maginot Line). 


[Page 8]
 
 
As we have noted numerous times, (and Bessent also confirmed), the problem is no longer 
exclusively monetary. With US federal debt having topped $40 trillion, the five AI hyperscalers 
are set to continue issuing hundreds of billions (around $220 billion so far) this year. 
Is it any wonder, hyperscaler credit risk is soaring... 
 
In other words, governments and the AI buildout are simultaneously competing for capital - just 
as higher oil threatens to keep central banks restrictive. 
Bessent is gonna need a bigger boat!!! 


[Page 9]
 
Waller Sparked A One-Day 'Fed Pause' Party...Then Payrolls 
Ended It 
September hike odds whipsawed wildly this week... 
 
Thursday provided the week’s violent counter-trend rally as Fed Governor Christopher Waller 
said he would favor holding rates steady if incoming inflation data confirmed that price 
pressures were cooling. 
But Friday’s payroll beat effectively reversed the logic: if the labor market is stable, the Fed has 
room to attack inflation. 
The result was another sharp rates recalibration - less than 24 hours after markets had 
celebrated the opposite conclusion. 
By the end of the week, yields were all higher (led by the belly) with 2Y and 30Y actually in line 
(no curve twist) at around +2-3bps... 


[Page 10]
 
 
Simply put, Warsh's J-Hole hangover never really left the market. 
Here's Academy Securities' Peter Tchir with the final word on bond-land... 
For the long end of the yield curve, only one thing matters - SUPPLY AND DEMAND!  
Okay, I guess supply and demand are two things, but they go hand in hand. 
●​ Norway announces reductions to allocations to sovereign debt. 
●​ Saudis are looking for loans, so presumably buying less treasuries (according to TIC 
data their holdings have dropped from 160 billion to 142 billion since the war started).  
●​ Japan, with over $1 trillion in treasuries has seen their holdings decline, and presumably, 
they won’t be buying a lot of treasuries while trying to strengthen the yen (a policy move 
supported by Bessent). 
●​ No idea what Canada, or the EU will do but difficult to imagine them adding to treasury 
holdings while trying to raise money to support defense and infrastructure spending. 
●​ Corporate Debt Issuance. August was literally insane. August wasn’t even that slow on 
the equity side of the equation, but it was humming along full throttle on the credit side of 
the business. Tuesday could be epic for IG new issues! While many companies tapped 
markets in August to get ahead of the September rush, there will still be plenty of paper 
hitting markets. 
Tchir continues to like being heavily overweight corporate debt vs treasuries. There is a lot of 
dry powder as people prepare for the new issues to come, but no matter how you slice it, there 
is a lot of supply (especially longer maturity supply) to come. 


[Page 11]
 
Additionally, he believes that the long end will underperform, with that underperformance 
starting later this morning as companies execute “yield locks” ahead of issuance and market 
participants get jittery about the deluge of paper coming. 
Stocks Survived... But This Was Hardly A Clean Risk-On Week 
As Goldman Sachs' Chris Hussey noted: "The last week of summer leading into Labor Day is 
always a bit of an unreliable trading week as so many market participants are squeezing out the 
last days of summer before going 'back to school' next week. And this past week had a bit of 
that feel in equities - although, perhaps, there is nothing unreliable about 'no change'..." 
The journey mattered more than the destination: Tuesday’s oil-and-yields-driven selloff, 
Thursday's Waller 'pause' panic-bid, and Friday’s payroll shock, the US majors clung to 
unchanged-ish on the week. The Dow ended -0.3% (the loser), Nasdaq +0.2% (the winner) and 
the rest unch... 
 
Energy stocks were the week's big winner (even with today's decline) while Consumer 
Discretionary (more below) was the biggest loser. Tech managed modest gains... 


[Page 12]
 
 
Nasdaq ending basically unchanged masked a brutal rotation underneath: semis surged over 
2% on the week, while software was down roughly 4%... 
 
OpenAI's launch of Astra (AGI?) reinvigorated the AI trade (outperforming the rest of the 
market) with OpenAI's ecosystem notably outperforming Anthropic's this week... 


[Page 13]
 
 
...but it didn't float all AI boats with Semis and Data Centers up nicely while Software and 
Optical Networking was monkeyhammered... 
 
MegaCap Tech rallied back up near early August highs before fading... 


[Page 14]
 
 
Additionally, it's been a wild ride recently for 'shorts' as 'Most Shorted' stocks puked last week 
only to recover about half their gains this week on a big early week squeeze... 
 
The chop in 'Semis vs Software' left Momentum flat on the week (thanks to gains today)... 


[Page 15]
 
 
Interestingly, as we noted earlier in the week, there is a conundrum of sorts playing out in the AI 
space as token costs plummet (blue line), credit risk soars along with that (red line), but stocks 
refuse to take note (green line) as we return to the 'if token demand can accelerate faster than 
token costs then everything is awesome' argument... 
 
The only problem with that argument is that server rental prices are declining (not exactly the 
signal for accelerating token demand)... 


[Page 16]
 
 
Before we leave the big picture stuff, we do note that stocks 'outperformed' relative to yields and 
crude in that triplet of terror... 
 
...but it was all about earnings for stocks... 
Earnings Saved AI but Exposed a Crushed Consumer 
Broadcom proved AI demand is exploding (but that expectations are even higher)... 
Broadcom delivered numbers that would normally qualify as spectacular. Quarterly revenue 
jumped 86% to $29.6 billion, AI semiconductor revenue surged 221% to $16.7 billion, and 
management expects that figure to reach $21.7 billion next quarter, up 236%. 


[Page 17]
 
Yet the shares initially fell 2.7%, as investors judged the broader fourth-quarter revenue outlook 
insufficient relative to whisper expectations. 
This was the purest expression of the current AI market: the fundamentals remain extraordinary, 
but “extraordinary” is already embedded in the price.  
 
Software earnings signaled where AI adoption is actually reaching the income statement... 
Snowflake surged 17% to its highest since Nov 2021 (before sliding notably the last couple of 
days) after product revenue grew 37% to $1.49 billion, accelerating for a third consecutive 
quarter, with management raising its full-year outlook. 
 


[Page 18]
 
Samsara jumped roughly 13% premarket after revenue rose 30%, earnings beat expectations 
and guidance increased. 
But the market’s response remained ruthlessly valuation-sensitive. 
Ciena dropped 11% despite beating estimates and raising revenue guidance, demonstrating 
that even strong AI-infrastructure demand cannot protect a richly valued stock when margins or 
forward expectations disappoint. 
Palo Alto (down 10% on the week) was the other reminder that “good cybersecurity + AI” is no 
longer a free call option. 
The week’s verdict: AI spending is real, but indiscriminate multiple expansion is not.  
Interestingly, the Broad AI Basket has decoupled from its tight (inverse) relationship with the 
odds of a Democrat win in the House in November (seemingly thanks in large part to this week's 
earnings)... 
 
BUT... Lululemon delivered the consumer warning that has been hiding beneath the veneer of 
aggregate macro resilience... 
While payrolls suggested the consumer still has a job, Lululemon suggested that does not mean 
the consumer wants another pair of $128 leggings. The shares collapsed around 17% (to its 
lowest since April 2018) after revenue fell 4% to $2.42 billion and management cut its full-year 
sales outlook to a 5-7% decline. 


[Page 19]
 
 
Americas revenue fell 8%, signature-legging sales reportedly dropped around 20%, and 
full-year EPS guidance was cut to $9.48–$9.73 from $10.95–$11.15. 
Campbell’s (the most staple of staples) saw Q4 sales tumble 8% to $2.14B, and guided FY27 
weaker still. CEO line was explicit: “top-line softness and inflation-driven margin headwinds.” 
That’s not a boom-time consumer. 
Tyson also offered a read-through on the consumer. The increased beef loss guide was mostly 
herd/price, with the the consumer-tell secondary but real as Reuters flagged “cautious 
foodservice demand” and budget-conscious trading down to cheaper proteins / private label. 
Chicken is still the offset - households will buy protein, they just won’t pay steak prices. That’s a 
mix-shift, not a spending surge. 
The contrast of all that with Snowflake & Broadcom's numbers could hardly be sharper: 
corporate AI budgets remain exuberant, while discretionary consumer brands face weakening 
demand, tariffs and rapidly shifting tastes.  
Which helps explain why AI once again outperformed while the Ex-AI S&P ended down almost 
1%... 


[Page 20]
 
 
Dollar Dumped On Another 'Yentervention?'; Gold & Crypto 
Mugged by Payrolls 
The Yen gained roughly 2.5% over the week, (its second biggest weekly gain since Feb - both 
prior spikes were interventions) including a 2% surge Thursday, as traders raised the probability 
of a September Bank of Japan hike ( with markets pricing roughly 75% odds of a 25-basis-point 
move, triggering an unwind in one of the world’s most crowded funding trades), but the smell of 
intervention was in the air (nothing confirmed)... 
 


[Page 21]
 
The dollar correspondingly was clubbed like a baby seal (stalling at the post-Bessent Buyback 
lows)... 
 
Gold experienced the mirror-image whipsaw. It jumped more than 2% Thursday as yields and 
the dollar fell, then dropped more than 2% after payrolls, leaving bullion down roughly 1% on the 
week near $4,375–$4,420... 
 
Bitcoin briefly reached a three-month high above $82,000 on the Waller-inspired liquidity trade 
before retreating after the jobs data... 


[Page 22]
 
 
All-in-all - it appears that gold, crypto, and the dollar remain in a fight for who is the real 'hedge' 
to this shitshow. 
Beneath the index Calm, Investors were quietly heading for Cash 
US equity funds suffered $11.12 billion of outflows, their second consecutive week of 
redemptions. 
Technology funds lost $1.39 billion, financials $1.31 billion and industrials $620 million. 
Meanwhile, money-market funds attracted $48.76 billion, the largest inflow in four weeks. 
Credit did not break, but it blinked: US high-yield spreads widened to roughly 265 basis points 
from 260 basis points the previous Friday. Globally, equity funds still attracted $6.65 billion 
because European and Asian inflows outweighed US selling, but bond-fund inflows slowed to a 
five-week low. 


[Page 23]
 
 
The indexes may say 'soft landing'; the flows suggest investors would prefer to earn cash yields 
while they wait and see.  
The Bottom Line 
This was a week in which the growth scare receded but the inflation scare intensified. Strong 
payrolls, resilient corporate AI spending, and improving activity data prevented a wholesale 
risk-off move. But $95 oil, multi-decade highs in global yields, and a newly credible September 
Fed hike mean the market’s discount rate is moving in exactly the wrong direction for elevated 
valuations. 
●​ The bull case is that earnings - particularly across AI infrastructure and enterprise 
adoption - remain strong enough to outrun tighter financial conditions. 
●​ The bear case is simpler: oil has revived inflation just as fiscal supply is overwhelming 
bond markets, and today’s payroll report gave The Fed permission to tighten. 
Payrolls were too hot, oil was too high, bonds were too weak - and only still-explosive AI 
earnings (ok, and maybe Waller) kept September’s opening week from becoming considerably 
uglier. 
Next week is CPI week, and the FOMC is September 15-16. 
Everything else was preamble... 
PPI Thursday, CPI Friday, ORCL & ADBE earnings, markets closed Monday for Labor Day. 


[Page 24]
 
Waller gave The Fed a possible path to a 'pause' if inflation cooperates. Warsh & 162k payrolls 
gave it permission to hike if it doesn’t. Brent at $95 is not "transitory geopolitics" after seven 
months (but what can a rate-hike do to fix that when gasoline/diesel demand remains inelastic). 
The only number that resolves the week's contradiction - hot jobs, sticky energy, a Chair who 
doesn’t believe the inflation trend, a governor who does - is the one that prints next Friday. 
Until then, the market's regime is the same one we have been pushing since February: price the 
war in crude (no resolution anytime soon), price the Fed in the front end (hawks over doves), 
price AI in five stocks (Ad Astra indeed), and pretend the other 495 are a market. 
Oh, and as Rabobank noted earlier:“The world as we knew it no longer exists. Dare to think 
outside existing frameworks.” 
And one more thing, don't forget September is not a seasonally sunny month for markets... 
especially during Midterm years... 
 
Enjoy the long weekend, watch the election in east Germany, and brace for CPI and PPI next 
week... 
 
 
 
