[Page 1]
 
Warsh Vs Waller, Crude Vs Products, & Sovereigns 
Vs Hyperscalers; Goldman's Macro Roadmap 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SATURDAY, SEP 05, 2026 - 09:10 PM 
Authored by Rikin Shah and Cosimo Codacci-Pisanelli, Goldman Sachs macro strategists, 
 
CRUDE OIL VS NATGAS / PRODUCTS 
In Q1, if we had assumed that the Iran conflict was still going on by September, how far north of 
$100 would Brent forecasts be? A rise in dark transits and the price elasticity of China crude 
imports has moderated the upside to crude prices. 


[Page 2]
 
 
Goldman research estimates recent Persian Gulf oil exports up to 15-16mb/day which is two 
thirds of pre-war levels. 
 
However, even if Brent remains within the recent range, the product complex is telling a much 
harsher story. European gas remains near the highs, and the diesel market looks much more 
stressed. This is what actually gets consumed, and the question remains if levels stay stressed 
for much longer, could that start spilling into core inflation?  


[Page 3]
 
 
It remains an uncomfortable setup, where a lot of bad news is now in the price, but this 
convexity to product shortages means that the longer the conflict drags on, the worse the issues 
are.  
The beta of front end UK and European rates accordingly has been trading more closely to 
NatGas prices than Crude oil recently. This needs to be closely monitored as we head into 
winter with regard to storage capacity. 
Given the recent moves in products and NatGas, the sharper move from here does feel skewed 
to the downside on any positive headline vs. a continued grind higher on no news. For NatGas, 
while Super El Nino could mean less harsh winter weather, the distribution ultimately comes 
down to Qatar flows.  
The uncertainty around the war along with the ongoing high beta of rates to commodities 
continues to make front end rates hard to trade. We also ask ourselves, is the US reflexivity to 
oil prices (which have been relatively milder), or will the added stress in products also add a 
sense of urgency?     
WALLER PUSHES BACK ON WARSH  
Warsh’s Jackson Hole speech last week was unambiguously hawkish, cherry picking his 
assessment of the recent data set meticulously. 
He talked tough on inflation, focused on the stronger components of the PCE basket and 
dismissed the link between recent softer wage data and future inflation. This read like a 
deliberate walk back of his July FOMC press conference which saw the market trade a 
credibility unwind. Warsh’s speech lowered the perceived strike on next week’s crucial CPI print 
that would warrant the Fed hiking at the September meeting. 
Waller’s speech this week was a clear push back, with a very different characterization of the 
data set. 


[Page 4]
 
He acknowledged the signs of disinflation and highlighted that underlying numbers were doing 
better than the core numbers suggest given the impact of non-market services prices (ie 
portfolio management fees linked to higher equity prices). He also expressed confidence that 
tariff impacts were fading and that he was less concerned of the feed through from higher 
energy prices. Finally, he hinted that the upcoming impact of methodological changes to PCE 
could be as much as a “few tenths”. Absent a hot print next week, he will vote for a hold. In 
truth, the speech read as something very close to Goldman’s own house view. 
Sept FOMC pricing  
 
With Williams and Waller’s speeches this week, we are back to vote counting ahead of the Fed 
meeting.  
CPI will be key, with that hike strike ticking up again post Waller. A 0.2bp MoM core print should 
be enough for them to hold, but it’s a close call. Payroll strength today mitigates some downside 
risks, but the focus is very much on the inflation side of the mandate right now. 
The question remains as to what the market reaction would be to a hold, given Warsh’s 
speech... is it another credibility unwind with the back end under pressure? Given the trajectory 
of the inflation data we are growing in confidence that if the Fed do hike it will be a shallow 
cycle. 
However, a couple of hikes still might be the best thing for Warsh’s credibility and the long end 
... he has backed himself into this corner. 


[Page 5]
 
LONG END SUPPLY/DEMAND IMBALANCE IS NOT SOLVED 
The supply/demand imbalance in long end rates has been ongoing for years, with the focus 
coming in waves.  
There are clear efforts to dampen these effects (issuance WAM reduction, buybacks, monetary 
policy tightening), but this doesn’t solve the underlying issue that fiscal deficits remain large with 
no signs of consolidation against a backdrop of lower duration demand. 
WAM reduction of issuance on its own has not had a meaningful impact in the UK and Japan 
which continue to have the largest risk premium on our models across G4 rates. 
We view the rise in longer dated UST buybacks as more of a signalling tool than anything else.  
When you take into account IG (in particular AI-related) issuance, the Fed buyback increase is 
noise.  
 
Monetary policy tightening is also being closely watched and has helped to flatten rate curves, 
although outright long end yields (which are more important) continue to make new highs. 
This year, even if the US curve has trended flatter (outside of a few weeks of kneejerk 
steepening in April and August), outright yields continue to make new highs.      


[Page 6]
 
 
Our view is that monetary policy tightening moves can help in the short term in improving central 
bank credibility and prevent sharp bear steepening moves (that are more worrying with regards 
to fiscal sustainability concerns), but does not solve the underlying issue of large fiscal deficits in 
a world of shrinking long-end duration demand. 
The best live case to monitor is Japan... whether a hawkish shift in BoJ pricing and 
strengthening in the currency can help calm long-end rates, and ultimately drive repatriation (a 
very slow moving process). 
A few bullet points to conclude our views in this space: 
●​ Monetary policy hikes into a supply shock can keep central bank credibility concerns at 
bay, flatten the curve and remove the sharp sell-offs in long-end rates. However, the 
underlying supply/demand imbalance remains and long-end rates will struggle to 
materially rally in the face of large fiscal deficits. 
●​ Credibility concerns = sharp moves. Supply/demand imbalance = grind (a large reason 
for why 30y rate vol has been well behaved despite the constant drift higher in 30y 
yields). 
USD 30y rate vol has been well behaved in the move higher in long end yields.. supply/demand 
imbalance is a grind, not a kneejerk move.. 


[Page 7]
 
 
●​ From a positioning standpoint, we continue to think the higher outright 10y+ DM yields 
view is more intellectual than positioned. Holding curve steepeners = bullish duration at 
the moment with reds the most volatile part of the curve (due to commodities). 
●​ European long end rates still look a good short to us. The risk premium is the lowest 
(because the ECB have been credible). But the underlying supply/demand imbalance 
remains. Long end EUR forwards are actually lower YTD unlike elsewhere.   
What do we need to solve these issues? 
1.​ a change in the macro outlook (retracement lower in commodities prices), 
2.​ material productivity gains that see non-inflationary growth (perhaps the medium term 
impact from AI adoption), and 
3.​ fiscal consolidation 
IN SUMMARY  
It’s Warsh vs Waller as we head into the September Fed meeting, with the CPI print next week 
likely the decider. The inflation trajectory suggests any hiking cycle will be shallow, but hiking 
still might be the best thing for Warsh’s credibility and the long end. For Europe and the UK, it’s 
still all about Gas, which makes trading front end rates hard. 
For the ECB a hike is locked in next week, and the bar to another in Dec is low if energy 
pressures do not ease. Terminal rate pricing has hit 3%, but the front end has struggled to invert 
thereafter given stronger growth and broader bearish duration momentum. The UK prices 
significant risk premium towards the possibility of a pivot from the Bank on the back of the 
energy moves. We nervously hold on to our modal case for unchanged rates and front end 
longs. 


[Page 8]
 
The biggest secular theme for markets right now is the long end weakness across all curves as 
the market is still trying to find a clearing level for the public and private sector supply amidst 
lower duration demand. 
Professional subscribers can read the Goldman macro strategists' full note (including their 
detailed thoughts on UK and Europe) here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
