[Page 1]
GS Crook - GS MORNING 1) August CPI Preview, 2) George Cole
Views on ECB, Buybacks, BoJ and Fed, 3) ECB Recap + Change in
Stance, 4) Energy Webcast with Daan Struyven 11 Sep 2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FX Sales / Trading
Fri 11 Sep 2026, 4:04am ET
Highlights from GS Research, Sales and Trading: 1) August CPI Preview, 2) George Cole Views on ECB,
Buybacks, BoJ and Fed, 3) ECB Recap + Change in Stance, 4) Energy Webcast with Daan Struyven
1) US ECONOMICS (MERICLE) – August CPI Preview – LINK
BOTTOM LINE: We expect a 0.23% increase in August core CPI (vs. +0.2% consensus), corresponding
to a year-over-year rate of +2.40% (vs. +2.4% consensus). We expect a 0.39% increase in headline CPI
(vs. +0.4% consensus), reflecting higher energy prices. Our forecast is consistent with a similar 0.22%
increase in core PCE in August. Looking beyond August, we expect monthly core CPI increases of around
0.2% for the next couple of months, reflecting the continued slowdown in the shelter categories and
shrinking contributions from tariff-related price increases, though risks are tilted to the upside if
disruptions to oil markets and associated oil price increases prove more persistent than expected.
We highlight three key component-level trends we expect to see in the report.
1. We expect mixed autos inflation, reflecting a 0.5% increase in used car prices, a 0.1% increase in new
car prices, and a 0.2% decline in the auto insurance category.
2. We forecast benign readings for the shelter categories—a 0.22% increase in the OER category and a
0.23% increase in the rent category—reflecting the continued slowdown in their underlying trends.
3. We expect a 4.0% increase in airfares, reflecting the signal from alternative price data.
After the PPI data yesterday. We have revised up our estimate for Core PCE from 22bps, to 24bps. The
PPI components relevant for PCE were on net stronger than our expectations, driven by increases in the
domestic passenger airfares and medical care components. See here for the full note.
We would also continue to flag the following note from Adam Crook: 2 Mins Read: In to CPI… Thoughts
and Risk Views from the Floor. Excerpt below from US Short Macro Trading. Furthermore, register here
for a ‘First Take’ call with US Econ, post print.
BRIAN BINGHAM (SHORT MACRO TRADING): The Fed is now in the most paradoxical of all
positions, beholden to a single data print and potentially reactive to the rounding on the ECO screen…
Warsh told the market in his first press conference that he didn’t want to focus on the number to the right
of the decimal point, but now it’s the number to the right of that one that will be the determinant. Waller’s
speech on Thursday was surprisingly and overtly dovish, confirming our view that the Board skews
heavily if not unanimously dovish relative to the regional presidents, but offered little new information


[Page 2]
beyond implicitly confirming a 30bp core CPI will merit a hike. The market appears to be penciling the
over/under at 25, but we struggle to see a meaningful rally on an in-line 20bp core print following this
week’s jobs report; in a world where the meeting goes in pricing greater than 50% chance of a hike, the
risk of the bond market interpreting a hold as a policy error seem far greater than the harm of hiking into
above-target inflation.”
CHART 1: We Expect a 0.23% Increase in Core CPI in August
Source: Department of Labor, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2) RATES STRATEGY (COLE) – Market Views
Key views from George Cole (Head of European Rates Strategy) below. 4x relevant topics: The ECB,
Treasury Buybacks, The BoJ and The Fed.
ECB: A spectacular day in the European front end yesterday. There was a feeling the ECB would not
accelerate beyond a quarterly pace, and so there was received positions through every non-forecast
meeting and it's proved to be very dangerous. You've seen basically as big a move as you got during the
2022 inflation cycle on core HICP at the outer year horizon, so that's basically the three-year ahead
forecast. This is 30 bps higher than the 2% mark in core HICP. That is, to me, a pretty big signal of
intolerance for any further upside surprises to inflation. But there are two big sources of uncertainty for
global central banks at the moment, G4 central banks in particular. One, should we or should we not lean
against this energy price inflation? And here reasonable people can disagree. My feeling is the ECB is
always going to be in the hawkish camp on that judgment. The Bank of England may be less so. The
second one, which is also really important in the context of market, these G4 central banks do not know
where neutral is. That's why we've got these risks in the front end, and I think they continue. In terms of
trades, I would say something like you're now just starting to see inversion in Europe. H7H8, M7M8, so
basically the one year after March next year or after June next year, they should keep flattening, in my
view. And if anything, it's not that the level of rates needs to change. We're already past this in 2y2y, 1y1y,
we're as high as we ever got to in 2022.
Treasury Buybacks: It's very difficult to see the internals. What essentially happens is the market will give
offers to the US Treasury and the Treasury has discretion about whether or not it will accept those offers,
and it seems like maybe they thought that they were far off market or whatever it might be. It is, again, a
muddle that the US Treasury are in. If they had simply badged increased buybacks as another mechanism
to reduce WAM rather than reducing coupon auction sizes for the long end of the curve, which is another
option, exactly what the UK DMO have done, just shrink the issuance of 30-year bonds or 20-year bonds,
or whatever it might be, we wouldn't be in this muddle. But instead, what they've done is tethered it to
yield levels as if they're trying to target or lower long-term yields. And then it's inappropriate for that.
That's coming from macro risk. So now there is just unhelpful scrutiny on events that were never really
designed for this purpose. We're watching these technical operations in a way that I think they can't bear
the load of that scrutiny in the macro market for determining where yield levels should be.


[Page 3]
The BoJ: We're now pricing non-negligible risk of consecutive hikes. That would be a norm buster for the
BOJ for sure and probably only if you started to see renewed signs of currency weakness. So to the extent
you're long JPY, you can probably pair that with some sort of front-end receiver on a disappointment type
of idea out to December. Seeing consecutive hikes, seeing something like hikes in October and December,
which would really be what you would need to see to hurt you on a received position, seems a pretty high
hurdle to get that done. So I would say, just inclined on the first three meetings probably to receive and to
pay further out the curve.
The Fed: I think the Fed October meeting is a pay. I think the market at the CPI number is expecting that's
going to be decisive for the Fed. I think there's much more going on in global rates and global energy risk,
inflationary risks that will keep premium quite elevated for those meetings. So maybe September is digital,
but that premium in October doesn't feel enough to me.
CHART 1: Policy Path Expectations
Source: Marquee MarketView
3) EUROPE ECONOMICS (STEHN) – ECB Recap—Higher Rates Ahead – LINK
BOTTOM LINE: The Governing Council hiked policy rates by 25bp at today's meeting, as widely
expected, and President Lagarde described the decision as a "no brainer." New staff projections showed
stronger growth and a more lasting inflation overshoot, with the Council stating inflation would remain
"well above target for an extended period." Lagarde gave no indication on the path ahead, suggesting the
next move was still undecided. Given the economy's recent resilience, the renewed spike in energy prices
and today's hawkish message, we now expect the Governing Council to hike the deposit rate by a further
25bp in December to 2.75%, taking rates into mildly restrictive territory. We see a low hurdle for hikes to
3% with stronger data and see risks skewed in this direction — a hike is quite possible already in October
with continued energy price pressures, an upside surprise in September HICP, or early signs of second-
round effects, especially if stronger US inflation tilts the Fed towards hiking. We maintain our view that
the ECB will normalise policy when inflation slows but push back the anticipated timing of cuts to
2027Q4 and 2028Q1 (from 2027Q2 and 2027Q3), and nudge up our terminal rate forecast to 2.25% (from
2%).
ECB Projections: The staff raised core inflation projections by 0.1pp to 2.6% in 2027 and by 0.1pp to
2.3% in 2028, attributing revisions mostly to indirect rather than second-round effects, as wage growth
projections were revised only slightly higher. Updated milder, adverse and severe energy scenarios were
constructed using the 25th, 75th and 95th percentile of option-implied distributions for oil and gas prices
as of August 19th.
Policy Simulations: Our updated simulations show at least two hikes across all scenarios — the policy rate
reaches 2.75% under the staff's new baseline, 3% under the adverse scenario, and 4% under the severe
scenario. We now attach a 50% probability to our baseline, 35% to further hikes to 3.5%, and 15% to a
sharp weakening requiring rapid cuts in 2027. Our probability-weighted path is close to market pricing in
the near term (with a peak of 3%) but remains notably below pricing in 2027.


[Page 4]
CHART 1: The Staff Upgraded The Projections For Growth And Inflation
Source: ECB
CHART 2: Our Updated Policy Simulations Show The Policy Rate Reaching 2.75% Under The Staff's
New Baseline
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
CHART 3: We Now See A Peak Rate Of 2.75% With Risks Skewed Towards More Hikes
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research, Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Haver Analytic
s
4) COMMODITIES RESEARCH (STRUYVEN) – Oil and Natural Gas: Back-to-School Update with
Research & Trading – LINK
BOTTOM LINE: Energy prices have risen as Mideast supply disruptions continue, with Brent crude
exceeding $95, US retail diesel prices approaching all-time highs, and TTF European natural gas prices
rising above EUR70/MwH. In this Research Unplugged podcast, Daan Struyven and Sam Dart from our
Commodities Research team, along with Jon Yarrow, Jerome Dortmans, and Pierre Brunet from our Sales
& Trading desk, discuss the current state of the Oil and Gas markets, how we're thinking about supply,
demand and risk outlooks for both commodities, the impact of geopolitics, plus our favourite investment
and hedging ideas as we head into the fall.
See here, or click on the icon below for the full call.
Source: GS FICC and Equities


[Page 5]


[Page 6]


[Page 7]


[Page 8]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 11 September 2026.
