[Page 1]
GS McGeoch - Materials Sept 11 Gold Copper Oil Gas thoughts
RIO activist 11 Sep 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Materials Sector Specialist
Fri 11 Sep 2026, 2:49am ET
DXY 99.04 CNH 6.70 10YR 4.95 Gold 4349 Copper 14,319 Oil 105.95 See below on Copper, Gold, Oil,
GAS...talk about acute focus, cannot actually recall b
DXY 99.04 CNH 6.70 10YR 4.95 Gold 4349 Copper 14,319 Oil 105.95
See below on Copper, Gold, Oil, GAS...talk about acute focus, cannot actually recall being this dialed in
given the extemeity of the px action we are seeing. I have talked a lot this week about phsycial assets and
tightness and direction of price. I used the comment on Wednesday its everywhere you look on px action
and variables of ATH, YTD highs, Multi year highs, Seasonal highs, tactical signals – Copper, Ali, Nickel,
Zinc, Iron Ore, Coal, Cotton, Sugar, Wheat, Gas, Oil, even Gold, Silver, Plats. ...In my discussions
yesterday on Copper and Tariffs, YES there was an acknowledgement of the use oif the word
"affordability", however the micro guys were not averse to using the word "stock out". I have mentioned
that language has been socialised amongst Chinese traders looking to Q4 also. As i mentioned yesterday I
did nto see enough meat on yesterdays bone to alter my views and we across regions we saw small buying
of dips (ahead of todays data, no one feeling particularly brave). This jumped out at me in morning
reading, its just a mining note, that some of us read and i would call this a heavy cast from a very long
rod.... "American activist Circling RIO in the background" (the source to my mind is more reliable on
micro-cap stocks than big cap), however hard not to stop and think a little, FWIW its definately not part of
my playbook (noting the DLC noise is always thereabouts and the disc to BHP it noted) but more than one
has linked the GLEN listing in Australia back to RIO. In My mind its not zero that RIO come back, but it
equally not more than 10% at this time. My views on GLEN are well discussed , for RIO the biggest ask is
- as they execute on the stated asset sales ($5-10bn target) what the use of proceeds is. Has to carry a >1x
multiple and dividends dont do that, bound by the register on a buyback, so the question is what? ....
Thoughts on this I would love to hear, just hit reply...In other news, as nervous as i am about the CPI later
today, Gold trades $4350. rallied $50 since I woke up. ..In Copper recall the reason the price really got
moving, id call it the $500 we gave back yesterday was supply, Cochilco data dropping and the mine by
mine is nasty, as ecpected, Escondida, Los Pelambres Mines July Copper Output Fell: Cochilco -
ANTO.LN's Los Pelambres down 23% and BHP's Escondida falling 22%
Commodities desk on Copper and Gold, publisehd later last night... ....Copper - What happened ?
| 1. | Reuters reported: “The White House has not yet made a decision on refined copper tariffs as officials
juggle concerns that higher prices for the red metal could raise manufacturing costs against the potential
benefits of encouraging more domestic mining” and LME subsequently dropped by $500/mt (3.5%). | | 2. |
Barons’s counter ? After the drop Barons’s published an article stating: “The Administration remains
firmly committed to reshoring critical manufacturing back to the United States with a nimble and multi-


[Page 2]
faceted policy strategy,” a White House official said in an emailed statement to Barron’s. “Any tariff
announcements will come directly from the Administration,” --- Is this a coincidence, or did the WH react
to react to the Reuters article ? |
Desk thoughts
| • | China positioning: Open interest dropped by 42.5k / 7% during the night session open which is the
largest ever down move. What we’re struggling with is how OI could drop that much without a significant
price impact – price barely moved on the Shanghai open. | | • | China physical: Noteworthy that the SHFE /
LME import rallied as LME sold off; the Sep strength likely a function of expiration liquidity, but Oct also
rallied to -$40/mt from tolling at the day session close – China micro is tight due to scrap (see below
point); interesting if they restock this early. | | • | China Micro: With onshore inventory -40% y/y and scrap
supply still contracting by 7% we think China will be quicker to restock compared | | • | LME volume:
3.5k lots traded in the first 10 minutes after the headline; most volume in single window since March – we
didn’t realise copper was that long. |
All in: We don’t think there is much new information in the Reuters report, and we have no view around
whether the Barons’s article is a coincidence. The bear view is the WH have not implemented a tariff
because they are hesitant around inflationary impacts, as opposed to no implementation because they are
happy with the status quo (of high imports) – I struggle with this view. Think z6 arb attractive at 1.25% /
$181, not because we have a strong tariff view, but because a) don't think the WH will rule out a tariff
meaning some risk premium to fwd arbs should remain (spot can close ofc), and b) think today’s move a
exacerbated by positioning (mkt longer than we thought)
China positioining monitor in Copper
Source - Global banking and markets, past performance not indicative of future returns
Source (for all): FICC & Equities, a/o today, past performance not indicative of future results
Gold into CPI (Ankush Gupta, GS vol trading): We’re adding upside convexity into the book ahead of CPI
via selling 1M 1x4 call spreads, and buying hedged outright calls, because
| 1. | Think the “bad news” is close to being priced ahead of CPI / FOMC; 4,330 is holding (post Jackson
Hole support), gold has already had a lot thrown at it – trades well because it’s under owned IMHO. Think
there is ~$100/oz of downside if they hike so comfortable owning hedged calls into the event. | | 2. | If CPI
beats and the Fed don’t hike think gold can do $400/oz in a 2-week period, at which point vol offers will
evaporate. | | 3. | Based on our meetings the franchise don’t have it; in almost every call we made last week
feedback was: hard pay >25 vol vs 17% realized for most of the last decade |
Oil - Pete Hackworth is on the Road in NY, sharing some of his thoughts on the move yday - Front month
Brent finished at $107.63, +6% as the market reacted to multiple risk positive events: President Trump
commenting that the war would last until after the Midterms (seemingly putting pay to any hopes of a
politically driven deal), the Houthis taking key territory that appears to give them more control over the
Bab el Mandab strait and then finally an attack on the East-West pipeline that has been one of the key


[Page 3]
workarounds for Saudi to reduce reliance on Hormuz. .....It remains unclear what damage there has been
to the pipeline (activity recovered relatively quickly after the last attack a few months ago) but the further
escalation, coupled with a more aggressive Iran over recent days, has driven the risk premium
higher.....Most participants see the Trump/Xi meeting as the last potential off-ramp catalyst, but with the
physical market already tight, and with neither side backing down, the risk is that crude has to retest the
highs to try to force a political resolution. we are watching Dubai time spreads for any sign that Chinese
buying is responding to higher prices.
GAS - GS up the deck yday - persian gulf export normalisation pushed to Feb27 (from Oct26) the team
raise froecasts to 4Q26 TTF at €70 /MWh from €53 prev (vs forwards at 79 EUR). leaving our 2027 TTF
forecast nearly unchanged at 32 EUR/MWh (31 EUR prev., forwards at 56 EUR)...in discussions with the
trading desk, leaning long, shape is a grind higher with gap risk lower on headlines. See demand
destruction more obvious as we approach €100.
Good one from Strats below...


[Page 4]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 11 September 2026.
