[Page 1]
GS Privorotsky - GS Basics CPI Ahead Two Front Problem
Compute Costs Rise 11 Sep 2026
Rich Privorotsky  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Fri 11 Sep 2026, 3:11am ET
Messy day for markets yesterday. Energy broke higher, rates followed, inflation stayed uncomfortable, the
Treasury buyback missed the mark and the ECB
Messy day for markets yesterday. Energy broke higher, rates followed, inflation stayed uncomfortable, the
Treasury buyback missed the mark and the ECB added another hawkish impulse. All said, relative to
moves elsewhere equities had less beta than I would have expected.
Inflation: PPI hotter with hospitals and airfares firm enough for GIR to nudge Core PCE higher by 2bps.
All eyes on CPI today. The Fed increasingly looks backed into a corner. .25 on core meant to be the
dividing line for Sept. Think Fed ultimately will do what the market guides towards. Issue is if your at 35-
50% of hike (post CPI) not hiking could be quite punitive for back end of the curve. Counterintuitively, a
modestly higher outcome .26-.28 may be cleaner for markets... full pricing September...rip the band aid,
after yday's messy energy dis-anchoring you've got almost 90bps of hikes price to Dec 27. Arguably
pricing certainty in Sept could just pull forward as opposed to add additional hikes (might even bring
stability to longer rates)
Buyback: Treasury bought back $5.2bn versus a $6bn cap. Sensible take… they weren’t prepared to pay
any price and the auction itself went reasonably well. Bear take… if you’re trying to put a floor under the
long end, visible price sensitivity is counterproductive...feels like market is betting against the house.
ECB: The third complication. 25bp hike, hawkish press conference and inflation projections moving
higher. European rates had a multiple sigma move. German growth is improving, but tighter rates plus the
energy shock are hardly a great combination for European consumers/domestics.
AI: Oracle was about as bullish a compute data point as you could ask for… OCI +121%, GPU utilization
97.9%, renewals/resales clearing at ~20% premiums and RPO at $664bn. Compute remains scarce and
pricing strong. Some of these compute cost indices have basically gone back nearly to the highs (see
below). DeepSeek V4.1 is a bit of a wrinkle… another big efficiency gain, particularly around
memory/cache. Open weights aren’t far behind the frontier. But cheaper inference should drive more
usage. Token pricing is collapsing while compute pricing keeps rising. Still incredibly supportive for the
hardware trade.
Oil: yesterday’s important development was arguably Yemen, not Hormuz. The Houthis seized Mocha and
advanced to the Hanish Islands, giving them considerably more leverage around Bab el-Mandeb just as
Saudi Arabia relies more heavily on the Red Sea/Yanbu route (polymkt now saying 25% chance Bab el-
Maneb closed by Dec). There were also unconfirmed reports of attacks on the East-West pipeline. This
increasingly looks like a two front problem around the Gulf and Red Sea exit routes. That makes


[Page 2]
Monday’s reported GCC/Iran meeting in Salalah an important anchor. I’m not particularly optimistic, but
it gives the market a visible diplomatic event and a glimmer of an offramp. More generally optimistic that
there is a lot now in the price and all the incentives are to find off ramps.
Risk: The equity resilience is the interesting part. Rates sharply higher, oil hit ~$110 and yet equities are
hanging in. Consumer/domestic/non-AI spending stocks should struggle, but underneath that the AI capex
story keeps strengthening. At the first sign of energy normalization, I still think there’s a very positive case
for nominal assets. The backdrop is either high nominal growth or stagflation. Still enormous nominal
spending… US fiscal, ~4% German deficit, ~5% France and ever growing AI capex. That isn’t inherently
bearish for earnings. The risk is simply that rates eventually rise far enough to break the spending cycle…
probably an important part of the recent AI/semi de-rating. Glass half full… a lot is already priced. Oil
~$110, 10s near 5%, ECB hiking and a Fed hike very live. Arguably there is enough in the rate curve to
digest a modestly higher CPI.
side-note:
ORNN H100 Index
Meant to reflect the spot price of renting H100 compute capacity.
source: Bloomberg as of 11/9/26, past performance is not indicative of forward returns.


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 11 September 2026.
