[Page 1]
GS Molavi - Ruminations Macro, Micro, Markets 11 Sep 2026
Bobby Molavi  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Fri 11 Sep 2026, 10:18am ET
We came into the week 1% from all time highs….but it didn’t feel like it.
Last week saw a market that wasn’t moving at the headline level (S&P closed up 10bps and Nasdaq up
40bps) but a market with growing levels of angst and anxiety. This week we’re seeing break outs across a
number of vectors - oil, yields, fear - but the markets within 50bps of finishing the week where we started.
A two week window that can be summarised by Iran/US re-escalation (Oil hitting recent high and +7% on
the week)….a dovish tailwind from Waller….a hawkish hit from Hammack….and then a ‘good news is
bad news’ hot jobs print on Friday. August payrolls probably the real bogey of the week (although Oil
price and knock on inflationary impulse a close second)….the 162k print trumping estimates by over 100k
and came with a June and July upward revision for what is an economy in go mode. Remember when bad
news was good news and goods news was bad? Last week felt like that. This week we get more Iran
escalation, and higher Oil that has breached the psychologically important $100 level, more yield anxiety,
more Ai fear, more midterm focus and more equity weakness.
We have yields that are a problem and a Fed that is increasingly hard to read. Last week’s Jobless claims
ticking up and Payrolls ticking up while ADP flattish more a reflection of a jobs market that isn’t hiring
and isn't firing (yet). CPI going to be crucially important later in setting the tone and expectations for the
FED and informing investors on how they should feel about duration, nominal assets and growth….which
is ever increasingly the majority of the market. One side notes…if Ai is disrupting everyone….shouldn’t
we start to be seeing that in the Jobs market?
At the end of the day…. the AI-driven earnings engine — now led by software (more on that later)—has
been powerful enough to hold up the index and the range of worries from Oil, Inflation, Rates, Politics and
consumer. It does feel like there is something for bulls and bears in this market…but the return profile
from here is skewing negative. The bulls pointing to corporate profits, Ai capex and investment, Tech
innovation and revolution and an economy and consumer that is resilient and stable. The bears focusing on
yields, the deficit, the sustainability of that Ai spend and circular revenue dynamic as well s the cost of
higher oil, higher inflation and longer than expected conflicts. For now people seem to be happy to run
gross…maybe less than they had in May/June…but still healthily long. They are coupling that with some
duration and hike risk protection…and rotating to more defensive pockets of the market in a broadening
play.
How to summarise all this….on one hand we remain in a capital markets super cycle with Issuance and
M&A ever present and at scale….we also continue to see extremely bullish data points around compute
and AI – take Chat GPT AGI claims and/or Oracle numbers proving compute remains in demand, remains
scarce and has an extreme level of pricing power. On the other side of the ledger Ai doom mongering has a
3 pronged attack…one of openweight and open source, one around data centres and the politicisation of


[Page 2]
them into midterms and one of humanity (and the risks to it from Ai). Then 2026 has been a year that has
climbed every wall of worry….see below for the check down….but….it does feel like rubber meeting the
road on some of these issues. The interplay between the Treasury, rates, deficit, refinancing and
yields…..Bessent adopting the ‘I am the house’ approach…buying back over $5bn….current price action
indicates that hasn’t worked and to quote Rich P…feels like “the markets is betting against the house”. In
other vectors…spreads between IG and Treasuries look hard to reconcile….we see Oil well over $100…
momentum has retested the lows and positioning is being reviewed (a notable defensive and broadening
tilt to what we’ve seen this week).
Yield spirals. The scale of Ai capex has resulted in a shift from cash funding...to cash and debt....to cash,
debt and equity. On top of that normally as yields rise the quantum of issuance slows. In 2026...we've
almost seen the opposite. Ai related borrowing ramping as yields have also risen. The problem with this
dynamic is that one theme begins to impact the other. The pressures on IG and HY yields from seemingly
never ending Ai capex issuance at some point impact the curve in a way that has to affect other curves.
Meanwhile we have a treasuries trading at recent highs as we approach a period where $10 trillion of debt
needs to be refinanced....and arguably without some of the traditional buyers of scale being as engaged as
history (eg China, Japan).
Bond wars. Combined bond issuance from big tech (including SPVs) is on track to hit close to $250bn in
2025. This would a circa 60% yoy increase and a back to back record….it is also around 70% of Treasury
issuance for the year. As a % of treasury issuance…this is more than double what we saw in 2025 and
close to 10x larger than 2024. To put another way….big tech and Ai capex are now competing with the
Treasury and Govt bonds. All of this at a time when the end buyers of both are converging and being less
diverse. Watch this space.
Asset liability mismatches. Following on from the point above...rising yields can mean two things....a
stronger economy or less trust in the borrower....arguably both at the same time in some cases. One of the
problems with this dynamic is that the scale of the deficit the US lives with means the need to borrow or
refinance borrowing remains extremely high...while also the cost of servicing that debt also rises....add
pressure to point one. This cycle is also adversely impacted by the quantum of private sector borrowing
and other places where investors can chose a risk adjusted return for lending. The FT recently noted 'every
bubble is explained twice....in the build up the emphasis is on what investors have been buying....only
afterwards do people come to recognise the more important point is how it was all being financed."
Software is eating the world…again. Software dead….not so much. Not long after the market decided that
AI would eat software….the revenge of the old (well less new might be more accurate) with Software
eating Ai. Enterprise software and cybersecurity have decisively taken the baton from semis — over the
past month the software ETF (IGV) rose ~6% while the semis ETF (SOXX) fell ~2.2%. On midweek's
rally, Palantir jumped ~8%, ServiceNow ~7% and CrowdStrike ~6%, riding booming agentic-AI demand.
All of this, to some degree, a pain trade. The rotation from AI hardware to the higher-margin software and
application layer is the cleanest active call in the market right now and not aligned with positioning into
the rotation. Beneath the surface….Cybersecurity is the standout sub-theme. Off record quarters —
CrowdStrike's fiscal Q2 hit $1.47bn revenue and $333m of net-new ARR. More on this later.


[Page 3]
Politics. The German state elections and the strong showing of the far right…..the increasing chances of
far right and far left remaining involved in French elections….the UK budget….the US
midterms…..Russia elections….Israel elections. Away from elections…peace talks on
Russia/Ukraine….re-escalation in the Middle east between Iran/US….and the growing signs of a re-
ordering of global political partnerships/alliances The impact of politics is clear and growing.
Exit strategies. Once upon a time…once a company reached $100m of ARR the only path to exit was via
an IPO. Nowadays it feels like IPO are often much lower down the exit waterfall for founders. We see
companies like Hugging face or Wiz scaling and exiting to corporate strategic buyers at extremely high
market caps. We are also starting to see public/private inversion. Private companies bidding for public
companies of scale - see Stripes recent flirtation with Paypal as a good example.
The don. Nvidia buying Hugging face and Poolside is yet another move towards vertical integration across
products and services. It is also a very public vote for Open weight/Open source (not in spite of but
alongside frontier). Using Jensen's own words 'open models strengthen safety and cybersecurity, accelerate
innovation and diffusion and enable sovereignty. They allow every developer, startup, university, industry
and country to build with, customise and benefit from Ai.'
Spot up vol up. One of the features of 2026....an environment where traditional correlations have broken
down. Normally higher oil would impact markets.....higher yields would impact markets...and higher vol
would be a sign of anxiety and lower markets often followed. One of the other oddities has been the
material dislocation between index volatility (S&P remaining extremely low vs history and year to date)
and other measures of volatility - as the factor, sector, theme and single stock level.
Seasonals. As we head through September the buy backs that have been heading towards another record
year turn off as we head into earnings blackouts. The retail inflows that have been substantial and
consistent tend to slow/stop. And post a holiday period of some respite issuance will likely increase. Put
another way....2 of the 3 pillars of 2026 (buybacks, retail buying and M&A) down gear as the offset
(equity issuance and re-equitisation) kicks into top gear.
Climate change. Natural catastrophes are expected to cost the world around $450bn in a typical year
according to a recent study by Verisk. Of that $450bn around 50% is uninsured creating a shortfall for
governments, home owners and businesses if and when these events occur. Last year was the 6th year in a
row that global insured losses breached $100bn....and that is without a single hurricane having made
landfall which is a usual contributor. As we head through 2026 we've see forest fires, drought,
earthquakes, crop failures, flash floods and subsidence - we saw the LA wildfires of 2025 cost as much as
$65bn, We now approach hurricane season in some parts and talk of a Super El Nino, hotter summers,
more fires as well as less obvious impacts such as Jellyfish swarms impacting power, or less rainfall
impacting water basins and shipping routes and perhaps most worryingly impact on food sources across
the globs.
Kinetic tit for tat. Watching the Iran/US conflict over the last few months I detect a pattern emerging.
Putting aside what started it….US hits Iran….Iran retaliates… both parties sabre rattle….US claim victory


[Page 4]
and say Iran on verge of collapse…Oil and/or yields become a problem….ceasefire announced and a path
to peace talked up. Rinse repeat. Many issues with this…..most notably the
Succession planning. Tim cooks handover to John Ternus seems to have gone well. One of the better
performers out of the mag 7 year to date….at or around $5 trillion of market cap….and with a heavy
pipeline of new launches and innovations ahead. No intrigue…no uncertainty….clean and efficient. We
are approaching a point in time where other ‘heavyweights’ will have to turn their focus to succession and
transition…whether it be Bernard Arnault or Jamie Dimon..these questions come up regularly as they sit
atop empires without obvious next in line successors in place.
Some charts to finish….
1, Resilient growth whatever the wall of worry
2, Yesterdays disrupted now todays winner.


[Page 5]
3, The era of heavy over light.
12-month fwd EPS growth for Capital Light (GSSTCAPL) and Capital Intensive (GSSTCAPI ) baskets


[Page 6]
4, Nat gas sensitivity.
Energy, Renewables, FTSE 100 and Defensives tend to suffer least as gas prices rise
Correlation between TTF 1m forward settlement price and relative performance vs. STOXX 600 (monthly
returns).
5, The wrapper to rule them all…..


[Page 7]
6, Cost of compute
H100 compute costs


[Page 8]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities. Author: Bobby Molavi. As of 11 September 2026.
