[Page 1]
US Watch - Quick Insights
 
11 Sep 2026
CPI – DATA DEPENDENCY GONE MAD
Alexandros Xenofontos / Dario Perkins
August CPI came in slightly hot, but enough to strengthen the case for a Fed hike next week. Headline inflation
rose 0.4% MoM and 3.4% YoY, both in line with expectations, but core CPI increased 0.3% MoM (0.29%) against
expectations for 0.2%, driven by services ex housing. Annual core inflation still eased from 2.5% to 2.4%, so this was
hardly a renewed inflation breakout. But combined with the rebound in payrolls last week, the report leaves the
Fed facing an economy where labour demand is picking up again while inflation remains uncomfortably above
target.
Energy drove much of the headline increase, with gasoline prices rising 3.9% MoM and accounting for more than a
third of the overall CPI move. But crucially, the underlying core detail was much firmer. Core services excluding
housing rose 0.51% MoM, the strongest reading since January, and are up 3.0% YoY. Unsurprisingly, the aggregate
core reading was held down by relatively soft rent and owners’ equivalent rent, both of which rose 0.2%. But this
mechanical drag is known, the parts of the basket that are better capture cyclical pressures don't suggest that
inflation pressure is moderating.
Page 1 of 4


[Page 2]
How does this affect next week’s Fed decision? It is sort of ridiculous that such a pivotal rate decision could come
down to one data point. Not only are these data noisy from month-to-month but we know there are seasonal
distortions. In year-on-year terms – which is the way central bankers used to look at inflation – disinflationary
progress has clearly stalled. So what the Fed SHOULD do is clear – it SHOULD hike. In fact, there is a strong
strategic reason for raising rates irrespective of today’s CPI print. 
Page 2 of 4


[Page 3]
Not only would this kill those lingering doubts about Warsh’s personal credibility, but it would back up all his
tough talk with actual deeds. Since taking over, Warsh has constantly denied that the Fed has a “revealed
preference” for >2% inflation. One 25bps would show he is serious. And the fact that most investors believe he
“cant” hike ahead of the midterms only makes the rationale for a move even stronger. 
Unfortunately, of course, we are in the game of predicting what the Fed WILL do, not what it SHOULD do. That is
always a tougher call. But with today’s CPI coming in slightly hot, Warsh is clearly running out of excuses not to
move. What he *should* do and what he *will* may finally be aligned. And if Trump calls him a moron (or some
variant of that…), we would echo Paul Volcker’s message to Alan Greenspan after the Maestro’s first hike –
“congratulations, you are now a proper central banker”.
 
Page 3 of 4


[Page 4]
Disclaimer
This report has been issued by TSL Research Group Limited in conjunction with its subsidiaries Lombard Street Research Limited,
Lombard Street Research Financial Services Limited, and Trusted Sources UK Limited (together “TSL Research Group”). This report is
intended to be viewed by clients of the TSL Research Group only. The contents of this report, either in whole or in part, shall not be
reproduced, stored in a data retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying,
recording or otherwise without written permission of TSL Research Group.
The information and opinions expressed in this report have been compiled from publicly available sources believed to be reliable but
are not intended to be treated as advice or relied upon as fact. Neither TSL Research Group, nor any of its directors, employees or
agents accepts liability for and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be responsible for any loss or damage
arising from the use of this report including as a result of decisions made or actions taken in reliance upon or in connection with the
information contained in this report. TSL Research Group does not warrant or represent that this report is accurate, complete, or
reliable and does not provide any assurance whatsoever in relation to the information contained in this report. Any opinions, forecasts
or estimates herein constitute a judgement as at the date of this report based on the information available.
There can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such opinions, forecasts, or estimates. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied is made regarding future performance. This information is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it
may be incomplete or condensed and it may not contain all material information concerning the company and its subsidiaries. The
value of any securities or financial instruments or types of securities or financial instruments mentioned in this report can fall as well
as rise. Foreign currency denominated securities and financial instruments are subject to fluctuations in exchange rates that may have
a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such securities or financial instruments. This is a generic research report
and as such does not have regard to the specific instrument objectives, financial situation, and the particular needs of a client. Clients
should seek independent financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any of the types of financial instrument or
investment strategies discussed in this report.
By reading this report you accept TS Lombard’s terms and conditions.
Registered Office: John Carpenter House, John Carpenter Street, London, England, EC4Y 0AN. Registered in England No. 10232483
Page 4 of 4
