[Page 1]
 
Goldman Credit Desk Sees "Eye Of Hurricane" In AI 
Debt Issuance... Then All Hell Breaks Loose  
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 10, 2026 - 12:37 AM 
What a year it has been for credit issuance: with hyperscaler capex expected to near $1 trillion 
this year (and blow above it in 2027), and with most hyperscalers now free cash flow negative 
as all of their FCF goes to build data centers and fund memory makers (at a time when an 
onslaught of Chinese open-weight models guarantees that the ROIC for the AI trade will never 
meet investor bogeys), there has been an absolute deluge of debt issuance to fund AI 
obligations, both on and off balance sheet (for our most detailed analysis on the topic please 
see "The Off-Balance Sheet Time Bomb Inside AI Hits $3.1 Trillion: Up $1.3TN In Three 
Months"). 
For those who don't want to, or have the time, to read all the painful details but still want a 
general answer to the question just how much debt are hyperscalers issuing, we point you to 
the latest Eye on the Market report (available to pro subscribers) by JPMorgan's Michael 
Cembalest who made the following stunning observations (which echoes what we said about 
hyperscaler debt now competing with demand for US Treasuries!): 
hyperscalers are issuing so much debt that they may be causing a supply-demand issue at the 
long end of the yield curve. In 2026 so far, debt issuance by the five hyperscalers plus NVIDIA is 
~$320 bn (including SPVs for which these companies are backstop obligors on data center 
leases). Looking just at the long duration component in 2026, we estimate $303 bn in ten year 
equivalents. That’s 68% of new Treasury long duration borrowing this year!... in the words of 
FCC Chairman Carr, I suppose that hyperscalers can always be informed to do things the easy 
way or the hard way, if it comes to that. 


[Page 2]
 
 
We will have much more to say about Cemablest's take on what is originally our view - after all 
we the first to call the AI debt bubble last October - in a follow up note, but for now we wanted to 
take a closer look at what Goldman FICC trader and IG credit specialist, Jeffrey Papai had to 
say about the IG bond market outlook in both the next few months until the end of 2026, and 
more importantly into 2027.  
We excerpt from his note below (full note available to pro subs). 
As we close an eventful summer in IG credit (especially given the lack index level vol) the path 
forward feels increasingly complicated. The techncials that have largely dominated this year (AI 
vs. Non-AI supply/demand) look set to flip in September. At the same time the demand function 
for IG, which has been bulletproof, potentially has some clouds forming in the horizon with an 
increasingly uncertain Fed path combined with the potential for macro vol into the midterms. 
The near-term setup seems to be for a reversal of some of the AI vs. non-AI dispersion, 
however, would treat such moves as temporary and buy any supply led dip in generic IG and 
right size risk in the AI factor ahead of an even busier 2027. 
●​ After ~$300bn of AI supply YTD the rest of the year looks to materially slow, especially in 
hyperscalers. This creates the conditions for short-term relief in AI spreads 
(GSUCIABK), but only temporarily. 
●​ With ~$230bn worth of mostly non-AI IG supply to come in September the rest of IG 
looks relatively vulnerable – but with the yield based demand function for IG robust and 
supply expected to be light on duration buying a kneejerk dip in the next few weeks in 
non-AI IG (GSIG30NH) seems prudent. 
●​ The amount of risk transfer within credit markets is materially increasing. And it’s not just 
one product as CDS is BACK, TRS continues to grow at pace, and cash bond volumes 
are showing significant growth across IG and HY. 
As we approach the 2026 home stretch spreads have trended wider over the summer but have 
not broken the range (IG index at 80bps vs. 77 average and GS100 at 99bps vs. 96), while AI 


[Page 3]
 
spreads (GSUAIBK), despite the early Aug wave of short covering, are also again drifting wider 
(now +50bps in past yr). 
 
AI CAPEX – A Breather… For Now 
With already ~$300bn of supply YTD AI has easily been the most important topic in the IG 
market. The rest of the year though should likely be relatively calm, with just one more senior 
hyperscaler deal + some datacenters expected. This would represent that lowest amount of 
senior hyperscaler/chip debt issuance across any period since the start of the build out by 
almost 50%. 
 
However, this is just a temporary reprieve:  some very rough estimates on senior 
hyperscaler/chip issuance in 2027 show a potential rise of ~40% from this cohort to ~$340bn 


[Page 4]
 
(using the below assumptions and please note this is not an official GS view but rather a rough 
outline based on extrapolating this year’s trends forward). 
●​ Hyperscaler CAPEX of ~$930bn in 2027 (midpoint of GIR/BBG estimates) 
●​ 37.5% debt issuance as % of CAPEX (vs. ~30% in 2026 – the 2027 increase is due to 
an expected reduction in equity issuance from this cohort) 
●​ Hyperscalers 70% funded in USD (down from ~80% in ‘26) 
●​ $35bn of senior chip debt in ’26 becomes ~$50-$75bn in ’27 as chip financing build out 
expands. 
●​ Only includes names that issued in 2026 
$340bn would make the average quarter in 2027 equivalent to the busiest quarter we have seen 
thus far. 
 
Furthermore, if we include harder to estimate portions of AI issuance like datacenters and other 
AI adjacent issuance with a modest growth rate YoY we don’t appear to be in the 5th inning of 
the buildout yet. This is also excluding structured chip financing, which could potentially be the 
biggest growth area in AI financing (potentially $100bn+), but as Papai writes, it is "too opaque 
in structure and timing (see delayed draw on APCHIP) for me to estimate." 


[Page 5]
 
 
Again, these are rough estimates based on several assumptions (see below for sensitivity 
analysis on hyperscalers alone for how wide the range of outcomes can be), but more to show 
the potential scope. 
 
Additionally, there are limited maturities coming in senior hyperscaler/chip debt  (~$45bn) in 
2027/28, so there won’t be the yearly replenishment of demand like we see in other high 
issuance sectors like banks (~$180bn of maturities not even including 2029 TLAC callables).    


[Page 6]
 
 
Summarizing the above, Papai says that on a tactical basis he likes Goldman'sAI basket 
(GSUCIABK) for a short-term relief rally for the next 1-2mo, given it is <10bps off the absolute 
wides and AI supply slowing. However, structurally it remains a long-term underweight and 
strength after this next stretch should be sold into as IG AI spreads feel primed to renew their 
underperformance as we get closer to 2027 and the next supply wave. 
Translation: Q4 is the eye of the hurricane... and then it gets much worse.  
* * * 
There is more in the full Goldman note, including his take on the broader IG sector ("the EXACT 
opposite"), but as as a bonus, we will excerpt from Papai's thoughts on 2026 Market Structure, 
which is especially important as it focuses on Explosion in Risk Transfer Across Credit Products, 
a topic which will be huge in 2027 when CDS trader will, in our opinion, be the most popular job 
on Wall Street. 
A quick run through IG market structure and most notably the increase in trading volumes 
across almost all products. 
First, and most importantly is the return of CDS. Anecdotally we have seen multiple inquiries in 
past couple weeks about the ability to trade CDS from RM who last traded the product pre-GFC. 
After nearly 15yrs of continuous declines we are on pace to be up ~15% in 2025 & 2026. 


[Page 7]
 
 
This is primarily driven by the AI space where AI financing has brought back significant and 
scalable opportunity. This trend should accelerate as we move more into structured chip/data 
center financings, which are generally short duration and likely will require more hedging than 
senior deals that can do drive by issuance. 
 
In addition to CDS, TRS on baskets continues to grow at pace and cash bond trading volumes 
are hitting new record highs with IG and HY both seeing 10-15% volume increases YoY. 


[Page 8]
 
 
Interestingly since 2024 when the PT/ETF revolution really took hold to drive greater scalability, 
efficiency and lower bid/offer (see below) we have seen trading volumes increase materially 
faster than the growth outstanding bond notionals vs. pre-2024 when market size and trading 
volumes grew together. Trading volumes have grown more in the past 3 years than from 
2015-23. 
 


[Page 9]
 
 
Much more in the full must-read Goldman note available to pro subs. 
 
 
 
