[Page 1]
 
Brent Tops $100, Bitcoin 'Golden Cross', Bullion Bid, 
Bessent Buyback Busts, But 'Hindenburg Omens' 
Loom 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 10, 2026 - 03:58 AM 
Tl;dr: Quite a day... Continued Mideast escalation broke Brent above $100 (July highs), driving 
short-end yields higherearly on (then long-end yields snapped higher as Bessent's buyback 
bazooka disappointed in size, 10Y auction was solid). Stocks could not fight the pressure (with 
even tech hit despite Goldman conference optimism) with several Hindenburg Omens triggering 
recently. The dollar and bitcoin were choppy but ended flat as gold gained - once again the 
release valve for all this intervention... 
 
The triplet of bonds, stocks, and crude are moving correlation-one again... 


[Page 2]
 
 
But while Bessent tried hard, black gold won the headline battle... 
Energy 
Escalation, not de-escalation, is the clear message from the goings on in the Middle East. 
●​ US destroyed five Iranian crude carriers; 
●​ Iran hit a US base in Jordan and shipping near Hormuz; 
●​ Houthis hit Saudi refining. 
Brent surged above $101, back near the July highs on the overnight chaos... 
 
Technical factors also amplified oil’s rally.  


[Page 3]
 
Trend-following commodity trading advisers added long positions to sit at 91% long in Brent and 
WTI, compared with 45% and 36%, respectively, on Aug. 31, according to data from Kpler’s 
Bridgeton Research Group. The robot traders are known for their tendency to exacerbate price 
swings. 
And while Brent trades above $100, Shanghai oil is now trading higher than Brent having been 
vastly lower in the early stages of the Iran War, signaling as we noted, that China is back in the 
growing demand business...  
 
It’s unclear how the latest flareup may affect those ‘dark’ transits. 
 


[Page 4]
 
“While the level of market deficit in crude has eased amid a stabilization of higher dark flow 
volumes, the market remains tight overall,” said Ryan McKay, senior commodity strategist at TD 
Securities. 
“Further tightness could still materialize amid these renewed attacks and as signs grow that 
China is becoming more active in the market.” 
Crack spreads remain worryingly high all over.  
Ongoing escalation by Ukraine on Russia's refining capacity continues to hit and with refined 
product stocks remaining worryingly low...sending refined product prices to new highs... 
 
“The fundamental picture for products remains bullish with global inventories and reserves 
deteriorating,” said Darrell Fletcher, managing director for commodities at Bannockburn Capital 
Markets. 
EU NatGas blasted higher once again today, testing new multi-year highs (this is 
USD-equivalents to allow easy comp to Henry Hub prices)... 


[Page 5]
 
 
Diesel prices remain at record highs (and Gas prices at seasonal records)... 
 
Late in the day, President Trump told reporters at Joint Base Andrews near Washington that the 
war with Iran will end “immediately” after the US midterm election. 
The war will end because Iranians “can’t hold out any longer” and they’re desperate to try to 
affect the election so a “weak” group of people will be in office to let them have a nuclear 
weapon, he says. 
US midterms are scheduled for November 3... mark your calendars to 'sell, sell, sell' crude (or 
not). 


[Page 6]
 
And, one more thing before we leave energy-land, as we noted earlier, via Bloomberg's Frank 
Monkam, Brent trading back above $100 for the first time since mid-July is not only a breach of 
a key psychological threshold, it also marks a change in volatility regime... 
 
..., where Strait of Hormuz risk is no longer a tail event but a core risk that is now fully 
embedded into the vol surface. 
That can't be good for stocks/earnings... 
Stocks 
Before we get into the nuts and bolts of today's moves, Nomura's top strategist, Charlie 
McElligott, noted that: 
...across a variety of thematic Equities and Multi-Asset / Multi-Strategy-portfolios, we see this 
recent “Performance Tailwind” over the past month and acutely, accelerating over the past 1 
week, from the year’s best “High Sharpe” contributors: 
1) “The New 60/40” of the “Long Semis – Long Energy Barbell” (the world is Short Compute and 
Energy required to win the “AI Cold War”),  
2) 50% CTA Trend / 50% Equities and 
3) “AI Enablers Vs Hyperscalers” Long-Short / Market-Neutral 


[Page 7]
 
 
Said another way, the “strategies” which are accelerating again remain Long “Trend” in Equities 
(AI Bottlenecks and Energy, despite overall Index chopping sideways still) and / or explicitly or 
implicitly “Short Bonds”... 


[Page 8]
 
 
So, with that said, US equity indices were all lower on the day (with Nasdaq the prettiest horse 
in the glue factory and Small Caps dumped)... 


[Page 9]
 
 
Small Caps' weakness was prompted by the collapse in 'most-shorted' stocks (after one of the 
biggest squeezes of the year)... 
 
The S&P's range fell back near YTD lows... 


[Page 10]
 
 
...and breadth remains low... 
 
Broad AI was lower on the day (despite Goldman's big conference optimism), but still modestly 
outperformed the S&P Ex-AI... 


[Page 11]
 
 
AI Leaders were mixed (but  mostly higher) led by Agentic AI, while Data Centers lagged... 
 
Mag7 stocks lagged the S&P 493 (even with META's gains as AAPL slipped AGAIN on a 
product launch day)... 


[Page 12]
 
 
Just a quick aside, remember that tech credit spreads remain notably (unprecedentedly) wide of 
the broad IG credit market... 
 
Momentum jumped again at the open then went nowhere. There's no momentum in 
momentum... 


[Page 13]
 
 
And before we leave equity-land, Lawrence McDonald notes in his latest recap of client chats 
from The Bear Traps Report, the NYSE Composite remains near its all-time high, while less 
than half of its stocks are above their 50-day moving average...  
 
"Nine Hindenburg Omens have triggered in just 30 trading days, and previous instances saw the 
S&P 500 lower one month later in six cases, with a median maximum drawdown of 6.9%." 


[Page 14]
 
 
But no lesser market mortal than Tom McClellan noted that: 
"The problem is that there have not been 9 signals within 30TD. The 30-day count is 4. July 29, 
Aug. 10, Aug. 11, and Sep. 3.  
That's still a lot, but it is not 9.  
Requirements are (1) Both NH&NL > 2.8% of A+D, (2) NYA above value of 50TD ago, (3) NYSE 
McClellan Oscillator negative." 
The Hindenburg Omen is a technical stock-market indicator (named after the 1937 airship 
disaster) that flags an elevated risk of a crash or sharp decline; it triggers when a large share of 
NYSE stocks simultaneously make new 52-week highs and new 52-week lows (typically both 
exceeding ~2.8 % of issues), the market remains in an uptrend, and a breadth measure such as 
the McClellan Oscillator is negative—signaling unhealthy internal divergence even as prices 
rise. 
“The SPX is near all-time highs while the internals weaken — new lows rivaling new highs at the 
equity market top, a Hindenburg cluster that fired eighteen times this year, and now CCC credit 
spreads at their widest relative to single-B in yrs. You can ignore the Hindenburg false signals 
over time; lots of boy-that-cried-wolf moments. You don’t ignore them when September 
seasonality is already the weakest month on the calendar, and the credit warnings are stacking 
up.  McClellan counts four triggers in the last thirty trading days under his stricter rules, including 
September third." -- PM NJ 


[Page 15]
 
Nasdaq New Lows are Creeping Higher.... 
 
Up at 145, NOT a panic but something to watch. We are one bad day away from 400. 
But have no fear, TsySec Bessent has you covered... 
Rates 
Rates followed refined products higher again today... 
 
The first enlarged long-end operation sizing hit today. Treasury already committed to at least 
$4BN (2x prior max), and it delivered $6BN (but the whisper was $8-10BN), and that spiked 
yields when it was announced. Rates were already drifting higher overnight (on oil), but got a 
little relief around 1300ET as the 10Y auction traded through bigly, but by the close,. the belly 
was the laggard with 2Y outperforming (but all yields higher and a decent bear steepening)... 


[Page 16]
 
 
“The longer elevated [oil/product] prices persist, the harder it becomes for markets to shrug the 
inflation impulse,”said Evelyne Gomez-Liechti, a multi-asset strategist at Mizuho International 
Plc. 
“For now, it feels difficult to sustain a meaningful rally while energy remains well bid.” 
10Y yields jumped to their highest since Nov 2023... 
 
“The market I think is disappointed on size in the near term,” John Briggs, head of US rates 
strategy at Natixis North America, said. 
At the same time, the expansion “does not address the core underlying issues that have brought 
longer-dated yields higher.”  


[Page 17]
 
Those include surging global demand for capital on the part of both governments and 
companies, particularly in the technology sector.  
Additional catalysts for rising TSY rates also included this week’s seasonal surge in sales of 
new corporate bonds, with 16 borrowers lined up to follow Tuesday’s 18 offerings, this year’s 
third-busiest session. Investment-grade supply has set records in four of the past eight months, 
including the last three, and volume is tracking 7.6% above 2020 levels. 
Lastly before we leave rates-land, we note that the marketing is pricing a 62% chance of a hike 
at next week's FOMC... 
 
Wednesday’s announcement “suggests to us Bessent is accepting a limited role for buybacks,” 
Krishna Guha, head of economics at Evercore ISI, and colleagues wrote in a note. 
He’s likely “recognizing that the US cannot durably prevent fundamentals from dictating yields,” 
the team wrote. 
Indeed see chart below... 


[Page 18]
 
 
Everything Else 
JPY was the highlight of the fiat fiasco again with Bessent going full Terminator on shorts with 
his implied 'I'll be back!' threat. 
However, as Goldman's Delta-One desk-head, Rich Privorotsky noted, "whatever you think of 
the rhetoric... the yen objectively continues to appreciate as the market leans into BOJ 
tightening/repatriation." 
 
But, he adds, the secondary implication matters more for equities... "what happens as yen 
funded carry trades unwind back into Japanese bonds/equities?"  


[Page 19]
 
"The S&P and mega cap complex have felt strangely heavy without a great fundamental reason.  
Worth keeping in the back of the mind that some leverage/carry may simply be diffusing out of 
the system." 
Be careful what you wish for Judge Bessent... 
This chart was doing the rounds on a few desks... 
 
Is Bessent flipping cause and effect with his push on JPY... hoping for stronger JPY to relieve 
pressure on the long-end? Traditionally, rate-differentials have driven FX flows (not vice versa), 
which is why more than a few traders are suggesting under their breaths (and more so now 
since Bessent's threats overnight), this intervention could be a disaster. 
The dollar ended flat despite quite a volatile day... 
 


[Page 20]
 
Bitcoin ended the day flat around $78,600... 
 
But that was still enough to trigger a 'Golden Cross' (50DMA moving above 200DMA) for the 
first time in 474 days.  
 
The last 5 golden crosses delivered >40% performance over 3 months. 
Gold did managed gains, bouncing back above $4400... 


[Page 21]
 
 
And finally, somewhat ominously, Goldman's Custom Baskets team flags a new trade idea, 
Shorting Consumer Inertia... as the internet made information cheaper. 
AI agents may make switching cheaper. 
A surprising number of consumer businesses benefit from the fact that customers rarely revisit 
existing decisions... 
 
BUT... as AI agents increasingly perform these tasks on behalf of users, profit pools that have 
historically benefited from customer inaction could come under pressure. 
Well that doesn't sound good for earnings either... 
And we'll just leave this here... 


[Page 22]
 
 
Brace for PPI tomorrow (oddly coming before CPI on Friday), the vol markets are on edge. 
 
 
 
