[Page 1]
 
"There's No Spreadsheet For This": Goldman's 
Pasquariello Warns AI Payoff May Defy Calculation 
As "Air Pockets And Dislocations" Rise 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 10, 2026 - 08:45 PM 
Prefaced with a heavy dose of humility, Goldman Sachs head of hedge fund coverage, Tony 
Pasquariello, offers a few high level thoughts on AI that follow from recent conversations (full 
note available here for pro subs)... 
 
To level set: 
●​ As recently as 2023, the hyperscalers allocated $154BN to CapEx; 
●​ As we sit here today, consensus for 2028 is over $1.3TN. 
Given that magnitude of spend - and the compounding of financial commitments within it - the 
market is right to obsess with the question of ROIC. 


[Page 2]
 
Therefore, the ante has assuredly been upped for the hyperscalers to demonstrate clear 
attachment of CapEx to durable revenue growth and prove they can earn a sufficient return for 
it. 
 
There have been moments of this in 2026 -- META in Q4 earnings, GOOG and AMZN in Q1 
earnings, MSFT and again AMZN in Q2 earnings -- but the buzz didn’t last very long. 
With all that established, I’m coming around to an argument that framing ROIC in a purely 
binary terms may be the wrong approach for all companies (or, at the very least, is too 
reductive). 
Here’s the hypothesis: 
Perhaps the AI payoff is not just ROIC for the hyperscalers, perhaps it creates enterprise value 
by equipping businesses (of all sizes) to operate BETTER - as pointed out by a subject matter 
expert, one can look at enterprise spending on the CLOUD as an analogy.  
There’s a related, but different dimension here: mandatory or compulsory spending on AI to 
PROTECT a business -- one can look at CYBER security as another analogy. 
In these contexts, particularly given how early we are in the adoption process, calculating the 
ROIC with any precision is impossible; as a veteran CIO put it: 
“everyone wants a spreadsheet -- there’s no spreadsheet for this.” 
Or, as my partner George Lee put it: 
“the returns from this spend may defy precise calculation and be dictated in part by competitive 
pressures.   
Where is the value going?  into some form of consumer surplus.” 


[Page 3]
 
[ZH: or as Morgan Stanley noted: token prices are falling... and server rental (implied demand) 
is falling...'making it up in volume' appears to be fading...] 
 
To put a line under it, I believe those competitive pressures will be shot through every single 
industry - and, again, where some portion of the spending is low / no ROI, yet is born out of 
necessity. 
 
Looking forward, if these notions of business improvement / business protection are generally 
correct, there will be ongoing justification for Corporate America to stay on the gas. 
At the same time, there are gathering risks to respect: 
●​ the increasingly complicated political dynamics (the midterms will be a litmus test for the 
notion of “cost bearing”) ...  


[Page 4]
 
●​ the escalating risk of malevolence (don’t take my word for it, read what those closest to 
the technology have very recently flagged) ...  
●​ or even a basic a lack of power provision to scale the next leg of growth (this seems both 
well-known AND still underappreciated).  
Working from there -- and given the rate of advancement and investor commitment to the theme 
-- I expect the risk of air pockets and dislocations is increasing (akin to the lightning strike that 
was DeepSeek). 
Here’s where I’m going with all of this:  
●​ the secular trend of broad-based AI spending remains intact ... 
●​ and, I believe the investment framework should now account for the idea that AI will be a 
fulcrum that enables many companies to operate better ... 
●​ but, I also expect that the path in front of us is going to be more jagged than it was in the 
earlier innings of the sequence (which, to draw a throughline, was the pattern of 
corporate and stock market behavior around those cloud and cyber analogs). 
To conclude, here’s a chart of the realized volatility of our AI leaders-vs-laggards pair since the 
new world was revealed... 
 
I expect the primary trend in this theme remains structurally higher, but there will be more 
volatility along the way. 
Professional subscribers can read Pasquariello's full note and much more from Goldman's 
Sales & Trading team here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
