[Page 1]
After the August CPI data, why not hike 50? 
Apologies for the late timing of this note. 9/11 is always a difficult day for me to write. The 
pain from that period, as I rediscover every year, is never buried as deep as I think it is. 
  
The headlines from the August CPI data, given the Warsh Jackson Hole speech, means he 
tightens 25 next week – even though the underlying picture is a bit more nuanced in terms 
of determining the Fed’s response. My thought all along was that he would not hike in 
September, I still believe he would prefer not to, but Trump’s War and Warsh’s speech 
(where he decided to avoid naming fiscal policy as a cause of inflation problems) made the 
Sep hike inevitable if the data said so. They did. Markets pricing 90% certainty are not 
disappointed by the Fed. 
  
Still, looking at the CPI diffusion index inflation is narrowing not broadening. 
  
 
  
The 3M trend pace of core CPI, CPI goods ex food & energy, and CPI services ex housing, 
also suggest patience. But, when adding in the growth trend for adjusted private-sector 


[Page 2]
employment, and that this pace usually leads inflation by about a year, the best inflation 
numbers are with us right now. Hiking today, given the lags in monetary policy, makes 
sense. 
  
 
  
How much to hike? The Taylor Rule, based on July’s Core PCE, says 5.4%. Using today’s 
Core CPI, the answer is 4%. Let’s call it a 4.00%-4.25% range. Given Warsh’s disdain for 
the Bernanke slow-walk pace of hiking, why not surprise the market with a 50BP jump – 
leaving aside, for the moment, the resulting fracture of his relationship with Trump. 
  
The reason, I believe, starts with the objective of slowing inflation against Federal spending 
growing, relentlessly, ahead of nominal GDP. The solution lies in reversing the equity 
market – the cheap currency funding the surge in capex (AI related).  This means letting the 
10Y yield rise, but getting there requires a market perception that the Fed continues to lag 
where the funds rate should be set (a number itself that became more difficult to know 
ever since the Fed moved from its scarcity of funds regime) – presuming, of course, 
sustained expansion in real growth and employment. Warsh achieves that with a 25BP hike 
on Wednesday and a press conference that makes clear this is not necessarily the start of 
a hiking cycle, 25BP/meeting, etc. – and then follows with a July-like FOMC press 
conference. 


[Page 3]
  
What level of the 10Y will have that effect on equities? The old notion is that a 7% yield 
pulls money from the equity market – Rule of 7. Warsh’s perspective is that he is happy to 
let markets solve for the level that makes capital too expensive for expansive capex. 
Bessent will work to control the cadence of the sell-off. Like great art, we will all know that 
level when we see it. 
  
More in my upcoming weekly note. 
  
Wishing everyone a wonderful weekend, 
  
Steve 
  
  
  
 
Steve Blitz 
 Managing Director, Global Macro & Strategy – Chief US Economist 
 m: +1 917 476 5752 
 steven.blitz@tslombard.com 
 www.globaldata.com 
 www.twitter.com/globaldataplc 
 www.linkedin.com/company/globaldataplc/ 
 
