[Page 1]
 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
Geopolitical Spotlight: When geopolitics becomes a price signal .................... 2 
• Repeated attacks in the Gulf and restricted transit through the Strait of Hormuz are turning 
geopolitical event risk into a more persistent inflation risk. 
• We maintain our preference for U.S. over international equities, large caps over mid- and small-caps, 
and short-term fixed income for liquidity. 
Equities: Rising rates and resilient equities ............................................................. 4 
• The Federal Reserve (Fed) raised interest rates by 0.25 percentage points on September 16, the first 
hike since 2023, which reignited concerns that higher rates could slow equity performance. 
• Despite the concerns, history has shown that equities have continued to track higher over the 12 
months following a Fed rate hike — for investors, we believe it’s crucial to stay invested. 
Fixed Income: Why we favor securitized bonds .................................................... 5 
• Securitized bonds currently offer attractive income relative to Treasuries, supported by generally 
sound underlying loans that help keep risks manageable. 
• Mortgage-backed securities benefit from reduced refinancing activity. For asset-backed securities, 
resilient higher-quality borrowers and built-in protections remain key supports. 
Real Assets: Rates remain the key challenge for Real Estate ............................ 6 
• Real Estate has lagged the S&P 500 Index since our downgrade in June, reinforcing the view that rising 
long-term yields remain a significant headwind for the sector. 
• Investors seeking income may find more attractive total return opportunities outside of the Real 
Estate sector. 
Alternatives: Small- and mid-buyouts remained resilient ................................. 7 
• Transaction activity in the small- and mid-buyout market has remained solid in 2026, underscoring 
the segment’s relative resilience in navigating periods of heightened uncertainty. 
• We maintain a favorable outlook on small- and mid-buyout strategies, supported by attractive entry 
valuations, lower reliance on debt financing, and access to a diverse middle-market opportunity set. 
Current tactical guidance ................................................................................................ 8 
 
 
Weekly guidance from our Investment Strategy Committee  
September 28, 2026 
Investment and Insurance Products:       NOT FDIC Insured       NO Bank Guarantee       MAY Lose Value 
Investment Strategy 


[Page 2]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 2 of 10 
Geopolitical Spotlight 
Michelle Wan, CFA 
Global Asset Allocation Strategist 
When geopolitics becomes a price signal 
Since the Iran war began on February 28, the most visible price response has been in commodities. Over the past 
month, oil prices’ sensitivity to headline news about attacks and ceasefires (Chart 1) suggests the market remains 
focused on whether and when the Strait of Hormuz reopens. We believe the more important question is whether 
the cost structure returns to its pre-war state or retains a geopolitical risk premium, a sustained additional cost to 
transit oil due to geopolitical risk. Commercial shipping, insurers, and energy buyers increasingly must price the 
possibility of ongoing threat of disruption rather than a one-time event. There is already oil shipping through the 
Strait, but no matter when the Strait reopens fully, the delivery cost of energy may remain higher for longer. 
Headline-driven volatility 
Oil's recent path illustrates how oil prices have moved in response to geopolitical events. Crude temporarily 
declined on August 24 after U.S. Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent announced secondary financial sanctions. 
Meanwhile, Iran and Oman discussed a potential transit corridor through the Strait leading to further price declines 
on August 25. Both infused hope that the pressure on oil shortages may ease. That relief was brief. Renewed attacks 
persuaded markets that disruption may last longer than originally anticipated. Besides the war in Iran, continued 
Ukrainian attacks on Russian refineries have pushed diesel prices higher. Because diesel is the primary fuel used by 
trucks, railroads, ships, and much of the industrial economy, higher diesel prices can have a broad impact on 
transportation and shipping costs. 
Chart 1. Daily oil movements respond to renewed strikes 
 
Sources: Bloomberg and Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Daily prices from August 18, 2026, to September 21, 2026. WTI = West Texas Intermediate. For WTI, 
nearby futures prices are used.  


[Page 3]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 3 of 10 
The structural changes behind the headlines 
The impact goes beyond daily energy price moves. A group of 18 maritime nations warned that global shipping 
may be facing more than temporary disruptions. They described it as “a structural shift in the operating 
environment of global trade.”1 War-risk insurance is one example. S&P Global reports that these added premiums 
rose from below 1% of a ship’s value pre-war to 7.5%-10% in July 2026.2  
Pressure on Iran also has become more structural, combining physical blockade and financial measures. On August 
24, the U.S. Treasury launched Operation Economic Outcast, expanding the risk of secondary sanctions across 
digital assets, gold, technology, aviation, and shipping. The blockade limits Iran’s exports and revenue, while the 
sanctions target its cash flow and access to U.S. dollars. Iran is already facing nearly 90% year-over-year consumer 
inflation and almost 130% food inflation.3 We believe the combined pressure from the blockade and financial 
sanctions increases the chance of negotiations to reopen the Strait. Iran has more reason to negotiate as economic 
pressure rises. A credible agreement could clarify the terms for reopening and reduce the extra geopolitical risk built 
into oil prices. That could ease some upward pressure on inflation and bond yields. Until then, crude oil and diesel 
prices may remain high through the winter. 
Maintain quality and liquidity while the structural risk premium persists 
• 
Our base case is that negotiations and periodic conflict will continue while the U.S. and Iran seek leverage. 
Oil prices may remain high in the near term. Although higher global energy costs also affect the U.S., we 
continue to prefer U.S. equities over international equities in part because the U.S. has more domestic 
energy supply. 
• 
Within U.S. equities, higher oil prices and interest rates could pressure stock prices and company profits. 
We continue to favor large-cap companies because they generally have stronger finances and are better 
able to manage higher costs than smaller firms. 
• 
We are neutral on the Energy sector. However, on a sub-sector level, we favor Integrated Oil Companies 
and Midstream Energy. The integrated oil companies are well positioned to benefit from the current 
strength in both crude oil prices and refined products. Midstream Energy companies are positioned to 
benefit from infrastructures needed to link abundant U.S. natural gas supplies with growing global demand. 
• 
For fixed income, rising interest rates lowers bond prices, especially for longer-term bonds. We favor 
short-term fixed income to provide income and liquidity with less sensitivity to rising rates. 
• 
Daily headlines may move markets, but the longer-term risk is that energy, shipping, and financing costs 
remain high. Investors should stay invested, diversified, patient, and disciplined. We believe the goal is to 
own strong businesses that can grow through market volatility while avoiding risks that could cause lasting 
losses. 
 
 
 
1. Financial Times, “Global Shipping Rules Are Collapsing, Say Maritime Nations,” September 8, 2026. 
2. S&P Global, “Middle East Shipping Insurance Costs Rise on Hormuz Risks: Marsh,” July 22, 2026. 
3. “Impoverished by war in Iran, Afghan migrants return to Taliban rule,” Reuters, September 16, 2026. 


[Page 4]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 4 of 10 
Equities 
Mason Mendez 
Global Real Assets Analyst 
Rising rates and resilient equities 
Investors are once again focusing on higher interest rates and what they could mean for equities, as the Fed raised 
the federal funds rate by 0.25 percentage point for the first time since 2023. While rate hikes may create short-
term volatility, history suggests that if they occur for the right reason, such as tamping down inflation in an 
otherwise strong economy, they are rarely enough to derail a bull market. With resilient economic growth, strong 
earnings momentum, and artificial intelligence (AI) adoption, we believe the fundamental backdrop remains 
favorable for U.S. large-cap equities. 
As shown in Table 1, the S&P 500 Index has historically risen despite the start of a Fed hiking cycle. Each cycle’s 
performance varied. However, since 1928, returns were positive 12 months after an initial Fed rate hike in 67% of 
instances, with a median return of 6%. We think the reason is simple: interest rates are not the only driver of 
market performance. Trends in earnings, economic activity, and long-term investment themes have often proven 
more influential. 
Over the coming months, we expect periodic volatility as investors assess issues including Fed actions, inflation, 
and midterm elections. While rate-sensitive sectors may face headwinds from higher borrowing costs, the broader 
market remains supported by resilient economic growth, continued AI investment, and earnings expectations 
calling for roughly 13.8% year-over-year growth in 2027.4 Together, these trends support our favorable view on 
U.S. large-cap equities and 2027 S&P 500 Index target of 8,600-8,800. 
For investors, our key takeaway is to stay diversified and invested. While periods of uncertainty can be 
uncomfortable, they often create opportunities. Therefore, we continue to favor stocks over bonds, remain 
favorable on U.S. large-cap equities, and view pullbacks as opportunities to add risk. 
Table 1. S&P 500 Index performance around initial Fed rate hikes 
Initial Fed hike 
12 months 
before initial 
Fed hike 
6 months 
before initial 
Fed hike 
6 months 
after initial 
Fed hike 
12 months 
after initial 
Fed hike 
CPI 12 Months 
after initial 
Fed hike 
Other influential market factors  
2/3/1928 
  
  
11.3% 
48.5% 
0.0% 
Roaring twenties 
4/25/1946 
26.4% 
13.0% 
-20.7% 
-22.4% 
19.0% 
Post-war normalization 
4/15/1955 
35.9% 
19.7% 
8.6% 
26.3% 
0.7% 
Post-recession expansion 
9/12/1958 
8.3% 
14.4% 
16.6% 
18.3% 
1.4% 
Post-recession recovery 
7/17/1963 
21.4% 
5.8% 
11.1% 
21.9% 
1.3% 
1960's economic expansion 
11/20/1967 
12.8% 
-0.5% 
5.2% 
15.8% 
4.7% 
Fiscal stimulus 
1/15/1973 
14.6% 
10.9% 
-12.1% 
-20.4% 
9.4% 
Oil embargo and recession 
8/31/1977 
-6.0% 
-3.1% 
-10.1% 
6.7% 
7.8% 
Economic expansion 
9/26/1980 
14.9% 
28.0% 
7.9% 
-10.7% 
11.0% 
Oil shock and recession 
9/4/1987 
24.8% 
9.7% 
-15.6% 
-16.5% 
4.2% 
Black Monday 
2/4/1994 
4.5% 
4.7% 
-2.4% 
1.9% 
2.9% 
Economic expansion 
6/30/1999 
21.1% 
11.4% 
6.7% 
6.0% 
3.7% 
Technology and internet boom 
6/30/2004 
17.1% 
2.8% 
6.4% 
4.4% 
2.5% 
Economic expansion and housing boom 
12/16/2015 
5.1% 
-1.1% 
0.2% 
8.9% 
2.1% 
Improving labor market and steady economic growth 
3/16/2022 
10.0% 
-2.6% 
-11.1% 
-9.1% 
5.0% 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine 
Average 
15.0% 
8.1% 
0.1% 
5.3% 
- 
- 
Median 
14.7% 
7.8% 
5.2% 
6.0% 
- 
- 
% of time positive 
92.9% 
71.4% 
60.0% 
66.7% 
- 
- 
Sources: Bloomberg, and Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Daily data is from February 3, 1918 – March 16, 2023. An index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.  
 
 
4. Bloomberg consensus full year 2027 EPS versus 2026 EPS. 


[Page 5]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 5 of 10 
Fixed Income 
Luis Alvarado 
Co-Head of Global Fixed Income Strategy 
Why we favor securitized bonds 
Securitized bonds remain among our preferred fixed-income sectors because investors continue to receive 
attractive income with lower interest-rate risks. Mortgage-backed securities (MBS) and asset-backed securities 
(ABS) offer higher yields than similar-maturity U.S. Treasuries and competitive yields relative to many high-quality 
corporate bonds. Meanwhile, the loans supporting these securities potentially reflect a combination of resilient 
underlying fundamentals and diversification benefits within fixed-income allocations. 
Agency MBS — mortgage bonds backed by U.S. government-sponsored agencies — also look attractively valued. 
They offer high credit quality and can generally be bought and sold easily. One risk is that homeowners may 
refinance and repay their mortgages earlier than expected. For now, however, higher mortgage rates have reduced 
refinancing activity, making the timing of investor cash flows more predictable.  
We also favor ABS, which are bonds supported by payments on consumer loans such as auto loans and credit 
cards. Consumer credit performance has normalized from unusually strong pandemic-era conditions, but 
household balance sheets remain solid overall — especially among higher-quality borrowers.5 High-quality ABS 
continue to offer attractive additional income over Treasuries, along with built-in protections designed to absorb 
some borrower losses if issues arise.  
Changes in interest rates and the pace at which borrowers repay their loans remain important risks to watch. Even 
so, current yields offer a meaningful cushion against potential market weakness. In our view, the balance between 
risk and reward continues to support our favorable guidance on securitized bonds. 
Chart 2. ABS and MBS are offering attractive income opportunities 
 
Sources: Bloomberg and Wells Fargo Investment Institute as of September 22, 2026. The yield to worst is calculated by making worst-case scenario assumptions by 
calculating returns that would be received if provisions, including prepayment, call, or sinking fund are used by the issuer. Effective duration is a measure of interest rate 
risk when valuing bonds with embedded options. Yield per unit of duration is expressed by yield-to-worst divided by the effective duration. Indexes represented are the 
Bloomberg U.S. Agg Asset-Backed Securities (ABS) Index, Bloomberg U.S. Mortgage-Backed Securities (MBS) Index, Bloomberg U.S. Corporate Bond Index, and 
Bloomberg U.S. Treasury Index. IG Corporates = investment-grade corporate bonds. An index is not available for direct investment. Past performance is no guarantee of 
future results. 
 
 
5. Federal Reserve Board, “Financial Stability Report”, May 28, 2026. 


[Page 6]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 6 of 10 
Real Assets 
Alex Sagal 
Global Equity Analyst 
Rates remain the key challenge for Real Estate 
The Real Estate sector underperformed the S&P 500 Index by 6.5% from June 15 (when we downgraded the sector 
to unfavorable) through September 22. The relative weakness validates our view that rising long-term interest 
rates would present a significant obstacle to Real Estate performance. 
The 10-year U.S. Treasury yield has risen from 4.47% at the time of our downgrade to 4.96% as of September 22. 
Higher yields increase borrowing and refinancing costs, weaken the economics of property acquisition and 
development projects, and reduce the present value of future property cash flows. They also heighten competition 
from fixed-income investments, diminishing the relative appeal of real estate investment trust (REIT) dividends. 
Chart 3 illustrates these pressures, showing Real Estate’s relative performance against the S&P 500 Index alongside 
inverted long-term Treasury yields to highlight the sector’s negative relationship with rates. 
Chart 3. The Real Estate sector’s performance struggled as interest rates rose 
 
Sources: Bloomberg and Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Data from June 15, 2026, through September 22, 2026. An index is not available for direct investment. 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
Underlying fundamentals have been more resilient than sector performance suggests. Industry-wide funds from 
operations and net operating income have continued to grow, while healthy occupancy, rent growth, and limited 
additions to supply have supported portions of the market. Nevertheless, we believe constructive operating trends 
are unlikely to fully offset the more consequential pressure from elevated yields. Expensive financing, upcoming 
refinancing needs, subdued transaction activity, selective tenant uncertainty, and limited balance-sheet flexibility 
should continue to constrain growth and valuation expansion. We therefore maintain our unfavorable view and 
believe sustained relative outperformance remains unlikely. 
Accordingly, we continue to view Real Estate as a funding source within equity allocations. For investors seeking 
income elsewhere, neutral-rated Energy may offer opportunities among financially flexible integrated producers 
and midstream companies. Short-term investment-grade or municipal fixed income may provide additional 
alternatives. 


[Page 7]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 7 of 10 
Alternatives 
Chao Ma, PhD, CFA, FRM 
Global Portfolio and Investment Strategist 
Small- and mid-buyouts remained resilient 
Small- and mid-buyout strategies focus on investing in established middle-market companies, typically generating 
between $10 million and $1 billion in annual revenue. According to the National Center for the Middle Market, 
nearly 200,000 U.S. middle-market companies contribute roughly one-third of the nation’s gross domestic product 
(GDP), representing a broad and diverse opportunity set for investors. 
The small- and mid-buyout market has remained resilient in 2026. In the second quarter, deal count increased, 
while deal value declined only modestly from the record levels reached in the first quarter (see Chart 4). This 
contrasts with the broader private equity market, where deal value fell 40% quarter over quarter. We believe this 
relative resilience highlights the segment's defensive characteristics and ability to navigate periods of heightened 
uncertainty. 
Within the market, AI-related deal activity continued to grow.6 At the same time, interest in traditional software 
businesses softened, which we believe reflects tighter credit conditions and concerns regarding the long-term 
impact of AI on growth prospects. Fundraising also remained strong and is on pace to surpass 2025 levels. 
We maintain a favorable outlook on small- and mid-buyout strategies, supported by several structural tailwinds. 
Entry valuations are generally lower in small- and mid-buyouts than in large buyouts. Given the smaller 
transaction sizes, small- and mid-buyouts also often rely less on debt financing, limiting sensitivity to changing 
private credit conditions. 
We also believe small- and mid-buyouts offer diversification benefits. In our opinion, exposure to a wide range of 
middle-market companies may help broaden portfolio exposure and balance risk, especially as both public and 
private equity markets become increasingly concentrated. 
Chart 4. Small- and mid-buyout deal activity remained resilient in the first half of 2026 
 
Sources: Pitchbook and Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Data as of June 30, 2026. 
Alternative investments, such as hedge funds, private equity, private debt and private real estate funds are not appropriate for all investors and are only open to “accredited” or 
“qualified” investors within the meaning of U.S. securities laws.
 
6. Pitchbook, “U.S. Private Equity Middle Market Report,” September 14, 2026. 


[Page 8]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 8 of 10 
Tactical guidance* 
Cash Alternatives and Fixed Income 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A  
Developed Market Ex-
U.S. Fixed Income 
U.S. Long Term Taxable 
Fixed Income 
 
Cash Alternatives 
Emerging Market Fixed 
Income 
High Yield Taxable Fixed 
Income 
U.S. Intermediate Term 
Taxable Fixed Income 
U.S. Short Term Taxable 
Fixed Income 
N/A 
Equities 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A 
U.S. Small Cap Equities 
Developed Market Ex-
U.S. Equities 
Emerging Market 
Equities 
U.S. Mid Cap Equities 
U.S. Large Cap Equities 
 
N/A 
Real Assets 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A 
N/A 
Digital Assets 
Private Real Estate 
Commodities 
Private Infrastructure 
N/A 
Alternative Investments** 
Most Unfavorable 
Unfavorable 
Neutral 
Favorable 
Most Favorable 
N/A 
N/A 
Hedge Funds—Equity 
Hedge 
Hedge Funds—Macro 
Hedge Funds—Relative 
Value 
Private Equity 
Private Debt 
Hedge Funds—Event 
Driven 
N/A 
Source: Wells Fargo Investment Institute, September 28, 2026. Please see Wells Fargo Investment Institute's Asset Allocation Strategy Report for more detailed, investable ideas in each 
asset group. 
*Tactical horizon is 6-18 months 
**Alternative investments are not appropriate for all investors. They are speculative and involve a high degree of risk that is appropriate only for those investors who have the financial 
sophistication and expertise to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in a fund and for which the fund does not represent a complete investment program. Please see end of 
report for important definitions and disclosures. 
 


[Page 9]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 9 of 10 
Risk considerations 
Asset allocation and diversification are investment methods used to help manage risk. They do not guarantee investment returns or eliminate risk of loss including in 
a declining market. 
Each asset class has its own risk and return characteristics.  The level of risk associated with a particular investment or asset class generally correlates with the level 
of return the investment or asset class might achieve. Stock markets, especially foreign markets, are volatile.  Stock values may fluctuate in response to general 
economic and market conditions, the prospects of individual companies, and industry sectors.  Foreign investing has additional risks including those associated with 
currency fluctuation, political and economic instability, and different accounting standards. These risks are heightened in emerging markets. Small- and mid-cap 
stocks are generally more volatile, subject to greater risks and are less liquid than large company stocks. Bonds are subject to market, interest rate, price, 
credit/default, liquidity, inflation and other risks. Prices tend to be inversely affected by changes in interest rates. High yield (junk) bonds have lower credit ratings 
and are subject to greater risk of default and greater principal risk. Although Treasuries are considered free from credit risk they are subject to other types of risks.  
These risks include interest rate risk, which may cause the underlying value of the bond to fluctuate. The commodities markets are considered speculative, carry 
substantial risks, and have experienced periods of extreme volatility.  Investing in gold, silver or other precious metals involves special risk considerations such as 
severe price fluctuations and adverse economic and regulatory developments affecting the sector or industry.  Investing in a volatile and uncertain commodities 
market may cause a portfolio to rapidly increase or decrease in value which may result in greater share price volatility. Real estate has special risks including the 
possible illiquidity of underlying properties, credit risk, interest rate fluctuations and the impact of varied economic conditions. 
U.S. government securities are backed by the full faith and credit of the federal government as to payment of principal and interest.  Unlike U.S. government 
securities, agency securities carry the implicit guarantee of the U.S. government but are not direct obligations.  Payment of principal and interest is solely the 
obligation of the issuer.  If sold prior to maturity, both types of debt securities are subject to market risk. 
In addition to the risks associated with investment in debt securities, a fund’s investments in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities will be subject to 
prepayment, extension and call risks. Changes in prepayments may significantly affect yield, average life and expected maturity.  Extension risk is the risk that rising 
interest rates will slow the rate at which mortgages are prepaid.  Call risk is the risk that If called prior to maturity, similar yielding investments may not be available 
for the Fund to purchase.  These risks may be heightened for longer maturity and duration securities. 
There are special risks associated with investing in preferred securities.  Preferred securities are subject to interest rate and credit risks.  Interest rate risk is the risk 
that preferred securities will decline in value because of changes in interest rates. Credit risk is the risk that an issuer will default on payments of interest and 
principal.  Preferred securities are generally subordinated to bonds or other debt instruments in an issuer's capital structure, subjecting them to a greater risk of non-
payment than more senior securities. In addition, the issue may be callable which may negatively impact the return of the security. Preferred dividends are not 
guaranteed and are subject to deferral or elimination. 
Cryptocurrency and other digital assets often involve significant risks and can be highly volatile. Their value may fluctuate substantially, and investors could lose all 
or a significant portion of their investment. Digital assets may be subject to market, liquidity, regulatory, and operational risks and may be subject to heightened 
risks of fraud, cyber incidents, and market manipulation. Digital assets may not provide the same regulatory protections as traditional investment products and 
often are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC), or any government agency. 
Investors should carefully consider their investment objectives, risk tolerance, and financial circumstances before investing in cryptocurrency or other digital assets. 
Alternative investments, such as hedge funds, private equity/private debt and private real estate funds, are speculative and involve a high degree of risk that is 
appropriate only for those investors who have the financial sophistication and expertise to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in a fund and for which the 
fund does not represent a complete investment program. They entail significant risks that can include losses due to leveraging or other speculative investment 
practices, lack of liquidity, volatility of returns, restrictions on transferring interests in a fund, potential lack of diversification, absence and/or delay of information 
regarding valuations and pricing, complex tax structures and delays in tax reporting, less regulation and higher fees than mutual funds.  Hedge fund, private equity, 
private debt and private real estate fund investing involves other material risks including capital loss and the loss of the entire amount invested. A fund's offering 
documents should be carefully reviewed prior to investing. 
Hedge fund strategies, such as Equity Hedge, Event Driven, Macro and Relative Value, may expose investors to the risks associated with the use of short selling, 
leverage, derivatives and arbitrage methodologies. Short sales involve leverage and theoretically unlimited loss potential since the market price of securities sold 
short may continuously increase. The use of leverage in a portfolio varies by strategy. Leverage can significantly increase return potential but create greater risk of 
loss.  Derivatives generally have implied leverage which can magnify volatility and may entail other risks such as market, interest rate, credit, counterparty and 
management risks.  Arbitrage strategies expose a fund to the risk that the anticipated arbitrage opportunities will not develop as anticipated, resulting in potentially 
reduced returns or losses to the fund. 
Definitions 
Pitchbook Data – Pitchbook uses a variety of publicly available sources found in targeted online searches including more than 1,000,000 web crawlers using national 
language processing and machine learning, secondary sources (those authored by someone not directly involved in the deal or fund), news (largest source of 


[Page 10]
Investment Strategy | September 28, 2026 
© 2026 Wells Fargo Investment Institute. All rights reserved. 
Page 10 of 10 
information) and other online sources. Quality assurance uses preventive validations, corrective validations, and mutual reviews in an effort to ensure accuracy of 
data. Data is educational and illustrative purposes only and there are no guarantees as to accuracy of data or content. 
An index is unmanaged and not available for direct investment.  
Bloomberg U.S. Asset Backed Securities Index is a flagship, rules-based benchmark that measures the performance of investment-grade, U.S. dollar-denominated, 
fixed-rate taxable bonds. It tracks the securitized debt market and is the dedicated ABS component of the broader Bloomberg U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. 
Bloomberg U.S. MBS Index measures the performance of investment grade fixed-rate mortgage-backed pass-through securities of GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC. 
Bloomberg U.S. Corporate Bond Index includes publicly issued U.S. corporate and Yankee debentures and secured notes that meet specified maturity, liquidity, and 
quality requirements.  
Bloomberg U.S. Treasury Index measures the total return US dollar-denominated, fixed-rate, nominal debt issued by the U.S. Treasury. The largest weightings in the 
index are Treasury notes with maturities of 8-10 years. 
S&P 500 Index is a market capitalization-weighted index composed of 500 widely held common stocks that is generally considered representative of the US stock 
market.   
S&P 500 Real Estate Index comprises those companies included in the S&P 500 that are classified as members of the GICS Real Estate sector.             
General disclosures 
Unless otherwise noted, market data, index data, economic statistics, earnings data, and related analytical information referenced throughout this report are sourced 
from Bloomberg and Wells Fargo Investment Institute, as of September 22, 2026. 
Global Investment Strategy (GIS) is a division of Wells Fargo Investment Institute, Inc. (WFII). WFII is a registered investment adviser and wholly owned subsidiary of 
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., a bank affiliate of Wells Fargo & Company. 
The information in this report was prepared by Global Investment Strategy.  Opinions represent GIS’ opinion as of the date of this report and are for general 
information purposes only and are not intended to predict or guarantee the future performance of any individual security, market sector or the markets generally. 
GIS does not undertake to advise you of any change in its opinions or the information contained in this report. Wells Fargo & Company affiliates may issue reports or 
have opinions that are inconsistent with, and reach different conclusions from, this report. 
The information contained herein constitutes general information and is not directed to, designed for, or individually tailored to, any particular investor or potential 
investor.  This report is not intended to be a client-specific suitability or best interest analysis or recommendation, an offer to participate in any investment, or a 
recommendation to buy, hold or sell securities. Do not use this report as the sole basis for investment decisions. Do not select an asset class or investment product 
based on performance alone. Consider all relevant information, including your existing portfolio, investment objectives, risk tolerance, liquidity needs and 
investment time horizon. The material contained herein has been prepared from sources and data we believe to be reliable but we make no guarantee to its accuracy 
or completeness. 
Wells Fargo Advisors is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, but is not licensed or 
registered with any financial services regulatory authority outside of the U.S.  Non-U.S. residents who maintain U.S.-based financial services account(s) with Wells 
Fargo Advisors may not be afforded certain protections conferred by legislation and regulations in their country of residence in respect of any investments, 
investment transactions or communications made with Wells Fargo Advisors.  
Wells Fargo Advisors is a trade name used by Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC and Wells Fargo Advisors Financial Network, LLC, Members SIPC, separate registered 
broker-dealers and non-bank affiliates of Wells Fargo & Company. PM-03242028-5960531 
