[Page 1]
 
WS Global CIO Office
28 September 2026
Market Watch 
This is not a research report and has not been produced by a research unit. Important disclosures can be found in 
the Disclosures Appendix. 
1 
 
Compelling risk-reward in 
US 10-year bonds  
Summary 
Event: The US 10-year government bond yield has surged 
past 5.0% to a 19-year high and has now entered our three-
month forecast range of 5.0-5.25%. At the time of writing, the 
10-year yield is trading at 5.2%, its highest since June 2007’s 
high of 5.32%. The next resistance levels are the 2002 high 
of 5.47% and the 2001 high of 5.53%.  
We view the risk/reward for the US 10-year government 
bond after the recent yield spike as compelling and we 
are initiating a long opportunistic idea at the current 
yield. As the table on the right shows, if the 10-year yield 
rises to 6%, investors would face less than 1% in negative 
total returns over a one-year period, whereas if the yield falls 
below 5.0%, they would gain at least 6% in total returns.  
While we continue to prefer the 3-7-year bond maturity range 
for income generation (the US 5-year bond yield is also 
above 5%), and broadly prefer corporate over government 
bonds amid solid corporate fundamentals, the US 10-year 
government bond yield has finally reached reasonable levels 
for investors looking for slightly longer maturities. 
Rationale: We expect the US 10-year government bond yield 
to ease to 4.75-5.0% over a 12-month period due to: 
Easing oil prices and inflation over next 12 months: While 
the yield is likely to remain elevated in the next three months 
due to elevated oil prices caused by geopolitical uncertainty, 
heavy AI investment-driven bond issuance and a resilient US 
economy, it is likely to ease towards the 4.75-5.0% range 
over 12 months as oil prices moderate either due to a 
resolution in the Middle East or a rerouting of Middle East 
energy supplies and as the impact of tariffs fade.  
We expect shallower Fed rate hikes than markets: We 
expect a total of 50bps of Fed rate hikes by June 2027, before 
a cut in H2 as US inflation eventually eases towards the Fed’s 
2% target. This rate trajectory is shallower than c. 95bps of 
further hikes priced by markets over the next 12 months. 
 
The benchmark US 10-year government bond yield has 
risen to its highest since 2007, offering medium-term 
investors a compelling risk-reward trade-off 
US 10-year government bond yield and previous highs 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
 
 
At current levels, the US 10-year government bond yield 
offers investors compelling risk-reward trade off 
Implied 1-year FX-hedged total returns (%) on various 10-
year Developed Market government bonds from shifts in 
their yields; grey dotted lines roughly denote current spot 
yield levels   
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered  
 
5.16
5.53
5.32
0
2
4
6
Jan-01
Jul-09
Jan-18
Jul-26
%
US 10y gov bond
May-01 high (5.53%)
Jun-07 high (5.32%)
Expected yield in 
12 months
US
Germany
Japan
UK
7.0%
-7.4
-17.9
-20.3
-5.3
6.5%
-4.1
-15.1
-18.6
-2.0
6.0%
-0.6
-12.0
-16.7
1.5
5.5%
3.0
-8.8
-14.4
5.2
5.0%
6.9
-5.3
-11.9
9.0
4.5%
10.9
-1.7
-9.1
13.1
4.0%
15.1
2.2
-6.1
17.3
3.5%
19.5
6.3
-2.7
21.6
3.0%
24.1
10.6
0.9
26.2
2.5%
28.9
15.1
4.8
30.9
2.0%
33.8
19.8
9.0
35.8
1.5%
38.9
24.7
13.4
40.9
1.0%
44.2
29.9
18.2
46.2
0.5%
49.7
35.2
23.2
51.6
0.0%
55.4
40.8
28.5
57.3


[Page 2]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
This is not a research report and has not been produced by a research unit. Important disclosures can be found in 
the Disclosures Appendix. 
2 
 
Investor positioning adjustment: In the very near-term, the 
US 10-year bond yield has room to move lower as hedge 
funds using systematic strategies (CTAs) are extremely short 
US government bonds, raising the chance of short-covering 
if upcoming jobs and inflation data miss estimates. 
A shallow Fed hiking cycle  
We expect the shallowest Fed hiking cycle in almost 
three decades. This should enable the US 10-year yield to 
ease towards 4.75-5.0% over a 12-month period. Following 
this month’s increase, we forecast two further 25bp hikes by 
June 2027, followed by a cut in H2 2027. Markets price at 
least three more hikes by June and a strong probability of a 
fourth by September. Our projected 75bps of total hikes this 
cycle compares with 525bps of hikes in 2022–23, 225bps in 
2015–18, 425bps in 2004–06 and 175bp in 1999–2000. The 
last smaller mid-cycle move was a single 25bps hike in 1997. 
Why we expect a more cautious Fed 
The latest hike restored the Fed’s credibility after renewed 
oil-price pressures, elevated inflation and a balanced labour 
market prompted a unanimous policy vote. However, the 
following factors argue against aggressive tightening: 
Supply-driven inflation: Energy costs and AI-infrastructure 
constraints, rather than excess demand, are driving prices. 
Higher rates cannot repair supply and may weaken growth. 
Labour is no longer the main inflation source: Labour 
supply and demand are better balanced, wage growth has 
moderated and unemployment is near full employment. AI 
further weakens the traditional Phillips Curve relationship 
between unemployment and inflation. 
Disinflation should resume: Energy pressures may fade 
after the US mid-term elections, while the one-off inflationary 
effects of tariffs should diminish after 2025–26. 
AI raises the neutral rate, but dampens inflation: 
Investment and productivity may lift the neutral rate (r*), the 
rate consistent with stable inflation and full employment, 
while efficiency gains limit wage-price spirals. 
Markets are already tightening financial conditions: 
Higher bond yields have raised borrowing costs and 
restrained activity, doing part of the Fed’s work. 
The cycle began from a higher base: The Fed funds rate 
started at 3.75%, versus 0.25% in the previous two cycles 
and 1% before that, reducing additional tightening required. 
Monetary 
transmission 
has 
weakened: 
Wealthier 
households drive more spending but are less rate-sensitive, 
while lower-income consumers are already constrained. 
Further hikes may, therefore, curb demand less effectively 
while causing disproportionate harm to low-income families. 
 
We expect a shallower Fed rate hiking cycle compared 
with market expectations 
Our policy rate outlook for the Fed, ECB and BoJ  
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered; *dotted lines reflect our 
expected rates path over the next 12m 
 
 
 
While near-term inflation is lifted by oil prices and 
tariffs, long-term inflation expectations remain subdued 
US and Euro area near-term and long-term inflation 
expectations 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.50
2.00
4.25
-1.0
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
Sep-21
Sep-23
Sep-25
Sep-27
%
Fed
ECB
BOJ
Forward
looking
End rates
for Sep-27
2.5
3.7
2.3
2.2
106.6
50
70
90
110
130
1.5
2.0
2.5
3.0
3.5
4.0
Sep-25
Jan-26
May-26
Sep-26
USD/bbl
% y/y
US 1y inflation
Euro area 1y inflation
US 5y5y inflation
Germany 5y5y inflation
Brent crude (RHS)


[Page 3]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
This is not a research report and has not been produced by a research unit. Important disclosures can be found in 
the Disclosures Appendix. 
3 
 
Small business conditions are deteriorating: Higher 
financing and energy costs are weakening sentiment, as 
reflected 
in 
the 
latest 
Beige 
Book. 
The 
renewed 
underperformance of US small capitalisation (S&P 600) and 
mid capitalisation (S&P 400) equity indices versus the large 
cap S&P 500 index over the past couple of months also show 
rising pressure on small businesses. 
Fiscal and financial-stability risks are rising: Aggressive 
Fed tightening would increase US debt-servicing costs as the 
US Treasury seeks cheaper funding through shorter-maturity 
issuance, while potentially amplifying financial-system stress. 
Upside risk to bond yields 
Our view of lower bond yields carries the following risks: 
Persistent inflation: Repeated supply shocks, strong AI-
related investment demand and tighter immigration controls 
could keep inflation above target and force steeper Fed rate 
hikes. With unemployment near the Fed’s estimate of full 
employment, a sharp drop in labour supply could intensify 
wage pressures and destabilise inflation expectations. We 
note that long-term expectations remain contained for now. 
Geopolitical escalation: An intensification of geopolitical 
conflicts after the mid-term elections could lift energy prices 
and inflation. However, a Democrat-controlled or divided 
Congress may constrain US foreign-policy initiatives through 
tighter budgets, while Republicans could turn less supportive 
as attention shifts to the 2028 presidential race. 
Higher neutral rate: AI investments could raise the neutral 
rate 
(r*), 
turning 
current 
monetary 
policy 
settings 
accommodative. This could necessitate further rate hikes. 
However, the Fed has barely raised its nominal neutral rate 
estimate, lifting it to 3.2% in September from 3.0% a year ago. 
Bottomline: The outlook for rates remains geopolitics 
dependent, with all Fed meetings live. However, based on 
our core scenario, we see the US 10-year yield settling lower 
in the 4.75-5.0% in 6-12 months. A shallow Fed hiking cycle 
due to expected disinflation offers investors a reasonably 
attractive risk-reward in US 10-year government bonds. 
US 30-year government bonds, on the other hand, may 
continue to see elevated yields as the US fiscal deficit is 
unlikely to have improved next year, and may look much 
worse. As a result, “term premium” may keep the ultra-long 
end elevated. Short of some unorthodox policy to artificially 
cap them lower, the 30-year yield is likely to continue to drift 
higher towards the 5.5-5.75% range into H2 2027. 
— Jonathan Liang, CIO for Fixed Income and FX 
Rajat Bhattacharya, Senior Investment Strategist 
Cedric Lam, Senior Investment Strategist 
AI-related bond issuances are a key factor keeping 
US bond yields elevated in the near term; we oil and 
tariff effects on inflation to fade over 12 months, 
offsetting AI-driven effects on bond yields 
AI issuance (total & share of total), US IG gross issuance 
 Source: Bloomberg, Standard Chartered 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13.5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026 YTD
USD bn
Total US IG
AI companies
AI share (RHS)


[Page 4]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
4 
 
Disclosures 
This document is confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, please destroy all copies and 
notify the sender immediately. This document is being distributed for general information only and is subject to the relevant 
disclaimers available at our Standard Chartered website under Regulatory disclosures. It is not and does not constitute research 
material, independent research, an offer, recommendation or solicitation to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, 
trading or investment strategy, in relation to any securities or other financial instruments. This document is for general evaluation 
only. It does not take into account the specific investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular 
person or class of persons and it has not been prepared for any particular person or class of persons. You should not rely on 
any contents of this document in making any investment decisions. Before making any investment, you should carefully read the 
relevant offering documents and seek independent legal, tax and regulatory advice. In particular, we recommend you to seek 
advice regarding the suitability of the investment product, taking into account your specific investment objectives, financial 
situation or particular needs, before you make a commitment to purchase the investment product. Opinions, projections and 
estimates are solely those of SC at the date of this document and subject to change without notice. Past performance is not 
indicative of future results and no representation or warranty is made regarding future performance. The value of investments, 
and the income from them, can go down as well as up, and you may not recover the amount of your original investment. You 
are not certain to make a profit and may lose money. Any forecast contained herein as to likely future movements in rates or 
prices or likely future events or occurrences constitutes an opinion only and is not indicative of actual future movements in rates 
or prices or actual future events or occurrences (as the case may be). This document must not be forwarded or otherwise made 
available to any other person without the express written consent of the Standard Chartered Group (as defined below). Standard 
Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal Charter 1853 Reference Number ZC18. The Principal 
Office of the Company is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD. Standard Chartered Bank is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation 
Authority. Standard Chartered PLC, the ultimate parent company of Standard Chartered Bank, together with its subsidiaries and 
affiliates (including each branch or representative office), form the Standard Chartered Group. Standard Chartered Global Private 
Bank is the private banking division of Standard Chartered. Private banking activities may be carried out internationally by 
different legal entities and affiliates within the Standard Chartered Group (each an “SC Group Entity”) according to local 
regulatory requirements. Not all products and services are provided by all branches, subsidiaries and affiliates within the 
Standard Chartered Group. Some of the SC Group Entities only act as representatives of Standard Chartered Global Private 
Bank and may not be able to offer products and services or offer advice to clients.  
Copyright © 2026, Accounting Research & Analytics, LLC d/b/a CFRA (and its affiliates, as applicable). Reproduction of content 
provided by CFRA in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of CFRA. CFRA content is not investment 
advice and a reference to or observation concerning a security or investment provided in the CFRA SERVICES is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold such investment or security or make any other investment decisions. The CFRA content 
contains opinions of CFRA based upon publicly-available information that CFRA believes to be reliable and the opinions are 
subject to change without notice. This analysis has not been submitted to, nor received approval from, the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission or any other regulatory body. While CFRA exercised due care in compiling this analysis, 
CFRA, ITS THIRD-PARTY SUPPLIERS, AND ALL RELATED ENTITIES SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, to the full extent permitted by law, regarding the accuracy, completeness, or 
usefulness of this information and assumes no liability with respect to the consequences of relying on this information for 
investment or other purposes. No content provided by CFRA (including ratings, credit-related analyses and data, valuations, 
model, software or other application or output therefrom) or any part thereof may be modified, reverse engineered, reproduced 
or distributed in any form by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of CFRA, 
and such content shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorized purposes. CFRA and any third-party providers, as well as 
their directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or 
availability of such content. In no event shall CFRA, its affiliates, or their third-party suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, 
special, or consequential damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or lost profit and opportunity 
costs) in connection with a subscriber’s, subscriber’s customer’s, or other’s use of CFRA’s content. 
Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclaimer 
Banking activities may be carried out internationally by different branches, subsidiaries and affiliates within the Standard 
Chartered Group according to local regulatory requirements. Opinions may contain outright “buy”, “sell”, “hold” or other opinions. 
The time horizon of this opinion is dependent on prevailing market conditions and there is no planned frequency for updates to 


[Page 5]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
5 
 
the opinion. This opinion is not independent of Standard Chartered Group’s trading strategies or positions. Standard Chartered 
Group and/or its affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons 
involved in the preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, be long or short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document or have material interest in any 
such securities or related investments. Therefore, it is possible, and you should assume, that Standard Chartered Group has a 
material interest in one or more of the financial instruments mentioned herein. Please refer to our Standard Chartered website 
under Regulatory disclosures for more detailed disclosures, including past opinions/ recommendations in the last 12 months and 
conflict of interests, as well as disclaimers. A covering strategist may have a financial interest in the debt or equity securities of 
this company/issuer. All covering strategist are licensed to provide investment recommendations under Monetary Authority of 
Singapore or Hong Kong Monetary Authority. This document must not be forwarded or otherwise made available to any other 
person without the express written consent of Standard Chartered Group. 
Sustainable Investments  
Any ESG data used or referred to has been provided by Morningstar, Sustainalytics, MSCI or Bloomberg. Refer to 1) Morningstar 
website under Sustainable Investing, 2) Sustainalytics website under ESG Risk Ratings, 3) MCSI website under ESG Business 
Involvement Screening Research and 4) Bloomberg green, social & sustainability bonds guide for more information. The ESG 
data is as at the date of publication based on data provided, is for informational purpose only and is not warranted to be complete, 
timely, accurate or suitable for a particular purpose, and it may be subject to change. The ESG data providers may not provide 
data coverage of all companies or securities in our Sustainable Investment Universe or Fund Select funds. As a result, a small 
subset of companies or securities will not be in scope for exclusionary screening. Sustainable Investments (SI): This refers to 
funds that have been classified as ‘ESG Intentional Investments - Overall’ by Morningstar. SI funds have explicitly stated in their 
prospectus and regulatory filings that they either incorporate ESG factors into the investment process or have a thematic focus 
on the environment, gender diversity, low carbon, renewable energy, water or community development. For equity, it refers to 
shares/stocks issued by companies with Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating of Low/Negligible. For bonds, it refers to debt 
instruments issued by issuers with Sustainalytics ESG Risk Rating of Low/Negligible, and/or those being certified green, social, 
sustainable bonds by Bloomberg. For structured products, it refers to products that are issued by any issuer who has a 
Sustainable Finance framework that aligns with Standard Chartered’s Green and Sustainable Product Framework, with 
underlying assets that are part of the Sustainable Investment universe or separately approved by Standard Chartered’s 
Sustainable Finance Governance Committee. Sustainalytics ESG risk ratings shown are factual and are not an indicator that the 
product is classified or marketed as “green”, “sustainable” or similar under any particular classification system or framework. 
Shariah ("Shariah Compliant or Shariah Compliance") 
For any reason to enter only into transactions which comply or are consistent with the principles of the Shariah, the client certifies 
that he/she/it has made his /her/its own investigation into and satisfied itself as to the Shariah compliance of the Islamic security 
and all necessary action to confirm that the Islamic security is Shariah compliant has been taken (including the obtaining of a 
fatwa, where required) and the Client will not claim any dispute on the grounds of any lack of Shariah compliance of these 
investments. The Client has not relied on Standard Chartered Group or any written declaration, fatwa, opinion or other documents 
prepared by, on behalf or at the request of Standard Chartered Group for the purposes of a determination or confirmation that 
these instruments are Shariah compliant. 
Country/Market Specific Disclosures 
Bahrain: This document is being distributed in Bahrain by Standard Chartered Bank, Bahrain Branch, having its address at P.O. 
29, Manama, Kingdom of Bahrain, is a branch of Standard Chartered Bank and is licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain as a 
conventional retail bank. Botswana: This document is being distributed in Botswana by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered 
Bank Botswana Limited which is a financial institution licensed under the Section 6 of the Banking Act CAP 46.04 and is listed in 
the Botswana Stock Exchange. Brunei Darussalam: This document is being distributed in Brunei Darussalam by, and is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Brunei Branch) | Registration Number RFC/61 and Standard Chartered Securities (B) 
Sdn Bhd | Registration Number RC20001003. Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by Royal 
Charter 1853 Reference Number ZC18. Standard Chartered Securities (B) Sdn Bhd is a limited liability company registered with 
the Registry of Companies with Registration Number RC20001003 and licensed by Brunei Darussalam Central Bank as a Capital 
Markets Service License Holder with License Number BDCB/R/CMU/S3-CL and it is authorised to conduct Islamic investment 
business through an Islamic window. China Mainland: This document is being distributed in China by, and is attributable to, 
Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited which is mainly regulated by National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA), 


[Page 6]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
6 
 
State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), and People’s Bank of China (PBOC). Hong Kong: In Hong Kong, this 
document, except for any portion advising on or facilitating any decision on futures contracts trading, is distributed by Standard 
Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (“SCBHK”), a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. SCBHK has its registered address at 
32/F, Standard Chartered Bank Building, 4-4A Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong and is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary 
Authority and registered with the Securities and Futures Commission (“SFC”) to carry on Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 4 
(advising on securities), Type 6 (advising on corporate finance) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activity under the 
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) (“SFO”) (CE No. AJI614). The contents of this document have not been reviewed 
by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong and you are advised to exercise caution in relation to any offer set out herein. If you are 
in doubt about any of the contents of this document, you should obtain independent professional advice. Any product named 
herein may not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document at any time other than to “professional investors” as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance. In addition, this document may not be issued or possessed for the 
purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, and any interests may not be disposed of, to any person unless such 
person is outside Hong Kong or is a “professional investor” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under that ordinance, or 
as otherwise may be permitted by that ordinance. In Hong Kong, Standard Chartered Global Private Bank is the private banking 
division of SCBHK, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered PLC. Ghana: Standard Chartered Bank Ghana Limited accepts no liability 
and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including special, incidental or consequential loss or 
damage) from your use of these documents. Past performance is not indicative of future results and no representation or warranty 
is made regarding future performance. You should seek advice from a financial adviser on the suitability of an investment for you, 
taking into account these factors before making a commitment to invest in an investment. To unsubscribe from receiving further 
updates, please send an email to feedback.ghana@sc.com. Please do not reply to this email. Call our Priority Banking on 
0302610750 for any questions or service queries. You are advised not to send any confidential and/or important information to 
Standard Chartered via e-mail, as Standard Chartered makes no representations or warranties as to the security or accuracy of 
any information transmitted via e-mail. Standard Chartered shall not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by you arising 
from your decision to use e-mail to communicate with the Bank. India: This document is being distributed in India by Standard 
Chartered in its capacity as a distributor of mutual funds and referrer of any other third party financial products. Standard 
Chartered does not offer any ‘Investment Advice’ as defined in the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Investment Advisers) 
Regulations, 2013 or otherwise. Services/products related securities business offered by Standard Charted are not intended for 
any person, who is a resident of any jurisdiction, the laws of which imposes prohibition on soliciting the securities business in that 
jurisdiction without going through the registration requirements and/or prohibit the use of any information contained in this 
document. Indonesia: This document is being distributed in Indonesia by Standard Chartered Bank, Indonesia branch, which is 
a financial institution licensed and supervised by Otoritas Jasa Keuangan (Financial Service Authority) and Bank Indonesia. 
Jersey: In Jersey, Standard Chartered Global Private Bank is the Registered Business Name of the Jersey Branch of Standard 
Chartered Bank. The Jersey Branch of Standard Chartered Bank is regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission. 
Copies of the latest audited accounts of Standard Chartered Bank are available from its principal place of business in Jersey: PO 
Box 80, 15 Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey JE4 8PT. Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by 
Royal Charter in 1853 Reference Number ZC 18. The Principal Office of the Company is situated in England at 1 Basinghall 
Avenue, London, EC2V 5DD. Standard Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by 
the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. The Jersey Branch of Standard Chartered Bank is also an 
authorised financial services provider under license number 44946 issued by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority of the 
Republic of South Africa. Jersey is not part of the United Kingdom and all business transacted with Standard Chartered Bank, 
Jersey Branch and other SC Group Entity outside of the United Kingdom, are not subject to some or any of the investor protection 
and compensation schemes available under United Kingdom law. Kenya: This document is being distributed in Kenya by and is 
attributable to Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited. Investment Products and Services are distributed by Standard Chartered 
Investment Services Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited that is licensed by the Capital 
Markets Authority in Kenya, as a Fund Manager. Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of 
Kenya. Malaysia: This document is being distributed in Malaysia by Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad (“SCBMB”). 
Recipients in Malaysia should contact SCBMB in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. This 
document has not been reviewed by the Securities Commission Malaysia. The product lodgement, registration, submission or 
approval by the Securities Commission of Malaysia does not amount to nor indicate recommendation or endorsement of the 
product, service or promotional activity. Investment products are not deposits and are not obligations of, not guaranteed by, and 
not protected by SCBMB or any of the affiliates or subsidiaries, or by Perbadanan Insurans Deposit Malaysia, any government 
or insurance agency. Investment products are subject to investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount 
invested. SCBMB expressly disclaim any liability and responsibility for any loss arising directly or indirectly (including special, 


[Page 7]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
7 
 
incidental or consequential loss or damage) arising from the financial losses of the Investment Products due to market condition. 
Nigeria: This document is being distributed in Nigeria by Standard Chartered Bank Nigeria Limited (SCB Nigeria), a bank duly 
licensed and regulated by the Central Bank of Nigeria. SCB Nigeria accepts no liability for any loss or damage arising directly or 
indirectly (including special, incidental or consequential loss or damage) from your use of these documents. You should seek 
advice from a financial adviser on the suitability of an investment for you, taking into account these factors before making a 
commitment to invest in an investment. To unsubscribe from receiving further updates, please send an email to 
clientcare.ng@sc.com requesting to be removed from our mailing list. Please do not reply to this email. Call our Priority Banking 
on 02 012772514 for any questions or service queries. SCB Nigeria shall not be responsible for any loss or damage arising from 
your decision to send confidential and/or important information to Standard Chartered via e-mail. SCB Nigeria makes no 
representations or warranties as to the security or accuracy of any information transmitted via e-mail. Pakistan: This document 
is being distributed in Pakistan by, and attributable to Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Limited having its registered office at 
PO Box 5556, I.I Chundrigar Road Karachi, which is a banking company registered with State Bank of Pakistan under Banking 
Companies Ordinance 1962 and is also having licensed issued by Securities & Exchange Commission of Pakistan for Security 
Advisors. Standard Chartered Bank (Pakistan) Limited acts as a distributor of mutual funds and referrer of other third-party 
financial products. Singapore: This document is being distributed in Singapore by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered 
Bank (Singapore) Limited (Registration No. 201224747C/ GST Group Registration No. MR-8500053-0, “SCBSL”). Recipients in 
Singapore should contact SCBSL in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. SCBSL is an 
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank and is licensed to conduct banking business in Singapore under 
the Singapore Banking Act, 1970. Standard Chartered Global Private Bank is the private banking division of SCBSL. IN 
RELATION TO ANY SECURITY OR SECURITIES-BASED DERIVATIVES CONTRACT REFERRED TO IN THIS DOCUMENT, 
THIS DOCUMENT, TOGETHER WITH THE ISSUER DOCUMENTATION, SHALL BE DEEMED AN INFORMATION 
MEMORANDUM (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 275 OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 2001 (“SFA”)). THIS 
DOCUMENT IS INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION TO ACCREDITED INVESTORS, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4A(1)(a) OF THE 
SFA, OR ON THE BASIS THAT THE SECURITY OR SECURITIES-BASED DERIVATIVES CONTRACT MAY ONLY BE 
ACQUIRED AT A CONSIDERATION OF NOT LESS THAN S$200,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN A FOREIGN CURRENCY) 
FOR EACH TRANSACTION. Further, in relation to any security or securities-based derivatives contract, neither this document 
nor the Issuer Documentation has been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the SFA. 
Accordingly, this document and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the product may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the product be offered or sold, or be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons other than a relevant person pursuant to 
section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in section 275 of the SFA, or pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. In 
relation to any collective investment schemes referred to in this document, this document is for general information purposes only 
and is not an offering document or prospectus (as defined in the SFA). This document is not, nor is it intended to be (i) an offer 
or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any capital markets product; or (ii) an advertisement of an offer or intended offer of any 
capital markets product. Deposit Insurance Scheme: Singapore dollar deposits of non-bank depositors are insured by the 
Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation, for up to S$100,000 in aggregate per depositor per Scheme member by law. Foreign 
currency deposits, dual currency investments, structured deposits and other investment products are not insured. This 
advertisement has not been reviewed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Taiwan: SC Group Entity or Standard Chartered 
Bank (Taiwan) Limited (“SCB (Taiwan)”) may be involved in the financial instruments contained herein or other related financial 
instruments. The author of this document may have discussed the information contained herein with other employees or agents 
of SC or SCB (Taiwan). The author and the above-mentioned employees of SC or SCB (Taiwan) may have taken related actions 
in respect of the information involved (including communication with customers of SC or SCB (Taiwan) as to the information 
contained herein). The opinions contained in this document may change, or differ from the opinions of employees of SC or SCB 
(Taiwan). SC and SCB (Taiwan) will not provide any notice of any changes to or differences between the above-mentioned 
opinions. This document may cover companies with which SC or SCB (Taiwan) seeks to do business at times and issuers of 
financial instruments. Therefore, investors should understand that the information contained herein may serve as specific 
purposes as a result of conflict of interests of SC or SCB (Taiwan). SC, SCB (Taiwan), the employees (including those who have 
discussions with the author) or customers of SC or SCB (Taiwan) may have an interest in the products, related financial 
instruments or related derivative financial products contained herein; invest in those products at various prices and on different 
market conditions; have different or conflicting interests in those products. The potential impacts include market makers’ related 
activities, such as dealing, investment, acting as agents, or performing financial or consulting services in relation to any of the 
products referred to in this document. UAE: DIFC - Standard Chartered Bank is incorporated in England with limited liability by 


[Page 8]
Standard Chartered Bank 
WS Global CIO Office | 28 September 2026 
 
 
8 
 
Royal Charter 1853 Reference Number ZC18.The Principal Office of the Company is situated in England at 1 Basinghall Avenue, 
London, EC2V 5DD. Standard Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial Centre having its 
offices at Dubai International Financial Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of Standard 
Chartered Bank and is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use only by 
Professional Clients and is not directed at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook. In the DIFC we are authorised to 
provide financial services only to clients who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. 
As a Professional Client you will not be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right 
to be classified as a Retail Client we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required 
license to undertake such activities. For Islamic transactions, we are acting under the supervision of our Shariah Supervisory 
Committee. Relevant information on our Shariah Supervisory Committee is currently available on the Standard Chartered Bank 
website in the Islamic banking section. For residents of the UAE – Standard Chartered UAE (“SC UAE”) is licensed by the Central 
Bank of the U.A.E. SC UAE is licensed by Securities and Commodities Authority to practice Promotion Activity. SC UAE does 
not provide financial analysis or consultation services in or into the UAE within the meaning of UAE Securities and Commodities 
Authority Decision No. 48/r of 2008 concerning financial consultation and financial analysis. Uganda: Our Investment products 
and services are distributed by Standard Chartered Bank Uganda Limited, which is licensed by the Capital Markets Authority as 
an investment adviser. United Kingdom: In the UK, Standard Chartered Bank is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. This communication has been 
approved by Standard Chartered Bank for the purposes of Section 21 (2) (b) of the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) as amended in 2010 and 2012 only. Standard Chartered Bank (trading as Standard Chartered Global 
Private Bank) is also an authorised financial services provider (license number 45747) in terms of the South African Financial 
Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. The Materials have not been prepared in accordance with UK legal requirements 
designed to promote the independence of investment research, and that it is not subject to any prohibition on dealing ahead of 
the dissemination of investment research. Vietnam: This document is being distributed in Vietnam by, and is attributable to, 
Standard Chartered Bank (Vietnam) Limited which is mainly regulated by State Bank of Vietnam (SBV). Recipients in Vietnam 
should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Vietnam) Limited for any queries regarding any content of this document. Zambia: This 
document is distributed by Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc, a company incorporated in Zambia and registered as a 
commercial bank and licensed by the Bank of Zambia under the Banking and Financial Services Act Chapter 387 of the Laws of 
Zambia. 
 
