[Page 1]
28 September 2026, 12:52 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
What to watch in the week ahead
Weekly Global
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
• The 10-year US Treasury yield reached its highest level since 2007 as the 
market-implied probability of an October Fed hike rose from 53% to 
64% last week. US and Eurozone inflation data will test expectations 
for further tightening. We believe markets are pricing in more rate hikes 
than major central banks will ultimately deliver.
• The S&P 500 gained 1.2% last week, finishing within 1% of its record 
high despite higher yields. The September US employment report and 
manufacturing survey will test whether growth remains firm without 
adding to inflation. We expect resilient growth and robust earnings to 
support further equity gains.
• Rapid early adoption of Meta’s Muse helped fuel enthusiasm for 
consumer AI agents. OpenAI’s developer conference will give investors 
a closer look at new tools and what they might enable. We remain 
constructive on AI while favoring diversified exposure.
Can government bond markets regain their poise?
Government bond yields rose further last week as stronger economic 
activity and higher energy prices led investors to anticipate faster central-
bank tightening. The 10-year US Treasury yield rose nearly 17 basis points 
to 5.16%, reaching its highest level since 2007, as the market-pricing 
implied probability of an October Federal Reserve rate hike climbed from 
53% to 64%. The 30-year yield also rose nearly 17 basis points, its largest 
weekly increase since May, to 5.49%, the highest level since 2004. In 
Europe, the spread between 10-year French and German government bond 
yields, typically a measure of anxiety in fixed income markets, reached 
around 110 basis points, its widest since July 2012.
This week's inflation data in both the US and Eurozone will help determine 
whether such headwinds will persist. Investors will scrutinize Wednesday’s 
August US personal consumption expenditures release, a key inflation 
measure, for signs of whether price pressures are spreading beyond energy. 
September’s Eurozone flash inflation reading will provide a similar test 
after the prior month's data provided some reassurance that underlying 
inflation has so far remained under control. A wide range of top officials 
from the Fed, European Central Bank, and Bank of England are scheduled 
to speak, and will have the opportunity to respond to recent data and 
market developments. Contained underlying inflation, particularly if officials 
push back against expectations for rapid tightening, could help calm bond 
markets. Firmer readings or more hawkish comments could extend the 
selloff.
 
Government bond markets
• Read where we see opportunities in 
quality bonds after the rise in yields in
Where are the opportunities in fixed 
income?
• Read GWM Chief Economist Paul 
Donovan’s perspective on the sharp 
rise in US Treasury yields in his daily 
recording.
• For the data releases fixed income 
investors should be following in the 
week ahead, listen to Jump Start.
The equity rally
• See why growth and earnings could 
support European equities despite 
higher borrowing costs in our EMEA 
macro outlook and investment ideas.
• Watch CIO Mark Haefele explain why 
the equity rally could continue.
• For more on the portfolio decision 
behind staying invested, read Should 
investors pay more attention to cash?
The outlook for AI
• Listen to the latest Signal over Noise 
podcast on the infrastructure and 
business-adoption constraints to scaling 
AI.
• Read Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi and 
colleagues on their latest views on AI.
• Read more on why strong computing 
demand does not remove delivery and 
financing risks in AI infrastructure: 
Strong demand does not remove 
execution risks.
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end 
of the document.
Page 1 of 8


[Page 2]
Weekly Global
We believe markets are pricing in too much tightening from all three 
central banks. Our base case is for the Fed to raise rates once more 
in December before keeping them steady. While higher energy costs 
may keep headline inflation elevated in the near term, they can also 
constrain growth by reducing household purchasing power and increasing 
companies’ costs. We continue to rate fixed income as Attractive, with 
opportunities emerging across regions and market segments. The recent 
rise in yields has created tactical opportunities to add medium- to long-
duration exposure to high-quality bonds, in our view. Stronger investment 
grade issuers offer attractive carry across medium maturities, while 
emerging market bonds offer appealing yields and diversified return 
potential. We remain more cautious on the longest maturities, and higher-
risk credit should remain relatively short-dated.
Can the equity rally continue to withstand higher yields?
Equities showed resilience last week despite the sharp rise in government 
bond yields. The S&P 500 gained 1.2%, finishing within 1% of its record 
high, while the MSCI All Country World Index rose 0.9%. Although 
stronger activity contributed to the bond sell-off, it also pointed to 
continued demand for companies’ goods and services—a tailwind for 
equities. The US flash composite purchasing managers’ index rose to 58.4 
in September, its strongest reading since July 2021. Eurozone business 
activity also reached its highest level in almost three and a half years. The 
equity market’s advance suggests that investors have so far been willing to 
look past higher discount rates while growth remains firm.
Friday’s September US employment report will provide a further test of that 
balance. August payrolls rose by 162,000, far above expectations and up 
from a revised gain of 21,000 in July, suggesting that demand for workers 
remained firm. Investors will assess whether hiring continues to support 
household income and consumer spending, without sparking rapid wage 
growth and adding to inflation. Thursday’s ISM manufacturing survey will 
provide another check on the strength of demand after eight consecutive 
months of expansion through August. Its prices component will matter too: 
Firm activity without another rise in input-cost pressure would be easier for 
equities to absorb than growth accompanied by a further jump in yields.
Our base case remains that resilient economic growth and robust earnings 
will support further equity gains over the next six to 12 months. We 
forecast S&P 500 earnings growth of 25% this year and 14% in 2027. 
Higher yields are more concerning for equities when growth starts to 
falter; for now, the US economy remains on solid footing, and we expect 
a measured tightening cycle to have only a limited effect on activity. 
A prolonged inflation-driven rise in rates would increase the risks to 
valuations. We continue to recommend positioning for further equity gains 
while diversifying and managing concentration risk.
Can AI agents sustain enthusiasm for the AI trade?
There was fresh evidence last week of public enthusiasm for AI services. 
Meta’s Muse, a consumer agent, recorded more than 2.5 million 
downloads in its first 13 days and became the most downloaded free app 
on US Apple iOS and Google Play stores. The resulting positive sentiment 
helped the tech-heavy Nasdaq reach a record high.Agents that can carry 
out tasks, rather than only answer questions, could allow AI platforms to 
earn revenue from transactions as well as subscriptions and advertising.
OpenAI’s developer conference on Tuesday offers the next opportunity 
to assess how quickly useful applications are developing. Although the 
Page 2 of 8


[Page 3]
Weekly Global
company has not signaled any specific product launches, it has scheduled 
a keynote, demonstrations, and technical sessions on its tools. Investors 
will be looking for evidence that developers can build agents capable of 
handling more practical tasks. New tools could sustain enthusiasm after 
Muse’s strong start. The longer-term question is whether wider use can 
create a clearer link between the substantial investment in computing 
capacity and future revenue.
We maintain our constructive outlook on the AI trade, supported by rising 
adoption, potential new sources of revenue, and growing capital spending. 
Wider use of consumer agents could increase demand for computing 
power, benefiting high-quality semiconductor and hardware companies. 
Strong demand does not remove execution risks, however: Delays in 
bringing data centers online could postpone the revenue expected from 
that investment. We therefore favor diversified exposure across the AI value 
chain, including large technology platforms with diversified earnings, rather 
than relying on the success of any single agent.
Page 3 of 8


[Page 4]
Weekly Global
Chart of the week
Recent data continue to underscore the strength of the US economy. The 
latest S&P Global US Flash Composite PMI rose to 58.4 in September, 
registering its strongest reading in more than five years. Coupled with 
strong corporate earnings growth over the recent quarter, this points to 
sustained economic momentum. Additionally, the Atlanta Fed's GDPNow 
model is tracking real GDP growth of around 5% in 3Q, further reinforcing 
our view that growth remains on a firm footing. Against this backdrop, 
higher Treasury yields should be seen as a recalibration to stronger growth 
rather than the start of a recession-inducing tightening cycle, in our view. 
As the chart below illustrates, 10-year US Treasury yields have tended to 
track nominal GDP growth. We think rising yields driven by stronger growth 
should not derail risk assets, as robust earnings can continue to provide 
support for equity markets. Therefore, we remain constructive on risk assets 
and continue to position for further broad equity upside.
Higher yields reflect strong economic growth
US quarterly nominal GDP growth, y/y %, 10-year average vs. 10-year Treasury yields, %
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of Sep 2026
Page 4 of 8


[Page 5]
Non-Traditional Assets
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, real estate, and managed 
futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and 
only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment 
funds, and which clients are urged to read carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund 
is speculative and involves significant risks.  Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same 
regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount 
of their investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment 
loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and none is expected 
to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be 
required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally involve complex tax strategies and there may 
be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and 
expenses, all of which will reduce profits. 
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured 
depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Reserve Board, or any 
other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept 
them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative 
investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program. 
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in 
these strategies:

Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with
investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. securities and illiquid
investments.

Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers
focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional elements.

Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They
involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, changes in governmental, tax,
real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated
with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax laws.

Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice,
and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a total loss of
investment.

Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even
for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the issuer’s “home” currency
can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other
risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be readily known to a U.S. investor.
Weekly Global
Page 5 of 8


[Page 6]
Weekly Global
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months.
Absolute view
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities.
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences. When equities are included with the 
other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with “Attractive” and “Least Attractive” 
with “Unattractive.”
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
Relative preferences
For the multi asset view, we also include relative preferences to help investors compare between items.
Preferred: We view this item more favorably than others within its asset class.*
Neutral: We see this item similarly to others within its asset class.*
Least preferred: We view this item less favorably than others within its asset class.*
*In the case of cross-asset, compared to other asset classes.
Note: The tactical asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due 
to factors including portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
Page 6 of 8


[Page 7]
Weekly Global
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Page 7 of 8


[Page 8]
Weekly Global
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 8 of 8
