[Page 1]
Opinion | 28 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion  |  28 September 2026
  UNITED STATES
Xi-Trump summit: Pandas and positive
vibes but limited progress
President Xi’s first state visit to the US since 2015 helped reinforce high-
level communication and efforts to build a more stable and constructive
China-US relationship. As with President Trump’s visit to Beijing, the
summit featured positive messaging and symbolic displays of goodwill,
but limited progress on tough issues
High profile summit signals stability, not big breakthroughs
The closely watched Xi Jinping-Donald Trump summit in Washington concluded after a high-
profile tarmac welcome, a day of closed-door meetings, and a state dinner.
As with Trump’s visit to Beijing, the summit's tone appeared positive and respectful. Trump
noted that the two had a “great meeting”, while Xi said the two countries had reached a
“common understanding on many issues”. Xi noted that the “Thucydides trap”, or the
dangerous dynamic that occurs when a rising power threatens to displace an established
ruling power, can be overcome.
China announced it would send two pandas to the Atlanta Zoo, a gesture traditionally seen as
a sign of friendship and stable ties. The names of the two pandas, Ping Ping and Fu Shuang,


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion | 28 September 2026
2
loosely translate to peace and double happiness. This further symbolises the hopes for win-win
cooperation.
The main takeaway for markets was announced before the summit: a two-month extension of
the US-China trade truce, set to expire in November. China’s exports to the US have recovered
in 2026, rising 6.1% year-on-year through the first eight months, as the trade truce has held so
far despite occasional friction.
On the positive side, this extension removes the threat of a renewed tariff spike before year-
end. It allows the deal to remain in place through the sensitive periods of the US midterm
elections and the Christmas holiday season.
After the summit, the White House and China's Ministry of Commerce announced a consensus
to recommend more favourable tariff treatment for $30bn of non-sensitive goods in each
direction. It would impact agricultural goods, fish and seafood, logs and wood products,
cosmetics and medical devices from the US to China, and consumer products such as small
appliances, toys, holiday decorations, and children’s car seats from China to the US. China also
agreed to buy 10 million metric tonnes of coal per year in 2027 and 2028. These measures
could support a further recovery of bilateral trade.
On the downside, this extension was shorter than many market expectations. The two
countries’ trade negotiators will no doubt continue to engage in the months ahead. Hopes are
that they can reach another extension in the coming months. If not, we are set for a tense
period through 2027.
We also saw steps to improve two-way communication, including considering more direct
flights between China and the US and welcoming 100,000 Americans to visit China for
exchanges and studies over the next five years. After the Board of Trade was established
during Trump's May Beijing visit, a Board of Investment was announced this time to discuss
potential investment opportunities and investment-related impediments. 
As markets largely expected, there weren’t many major breakthroughs on other key issues
such as AI and geopolitics. Xi noted that China and the US are both major AI powers in
competition, but there is room for cooperation, such as exchanging views on risks and benefits
to jointly prevent AI misuse and maintain human control over AI.
On Taiwan, China reiterated calls for the US to formally “oppose Taiwan independence.” This
marked a departure from the current “does not support Taiwan independence” stance, but we
have not seen this formal shift agreed upon. Taiwan remains China’s most important red-line
issue.
On the Middle East, views were exchanged, but as expected, there appeared to be no public
breakthroughs on this front. Some have speculated that China could play a larger role in
mediating peace in the conflict moving forward.


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion | 28 September 2026
3
Progress on tech competition and geopolitical developments is hard to come by. That certainly
doesn’t mean that the summit was for nought.
After agreeing upon a framework of “constructive strategic stability” in May to help steer
bilateral relations, this summit reflects a broader effort to sustain regular dialogue, reduce the
risk of misunderstandings, and avoid costly missteps at a time when economic growth across
many countries is becoming increasingly uneven and fragile.
As Xi pointed out, the heads of states' mutual visits within half a year were unprecedented. We
could potentially see further meetings soon as well, with the APEC summit in Shenzhen set for
18-19 November, and the G20 meetings in Florida on 14-15 December.
Maintaining frequent communication and candid engagement will be key to ensuring stability
in the world’s most important bilateral relationship. It will give companies and market
participants a more favourable environment in which to operate. In that sense, a summit with
limited surprises is good news.
Author
Lynn Song
Chief Economist, Greater China
lynn.song@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Opinion | 28 September 2026
4
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
