[Page 1]
Article | 28 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  28 September 2026
  RATES
US Money Markets: Value in extensions
given the aggressive Fed discount
The Fed has hiked and the market is positioned for more. Moreover, the
discount is there for maintaining an elevated funds rate for a prolonged
period. We think this is overdone and presents value in longer tenors
(nine months to two years). Pickups into credit remain mild, so an
extension on the core product is good enough. Liquidity remains
supportive
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by 25bp in September. Markets are expecting more rate hikes,
but we see rate cuts in 2027 and into 2028
The call on the Federal Reserve
Fed Chair Kevin Warsh delivered on the market discount, and did so after all the talk that this
Federal Reserve would do things differently. It was still an eloquent performance. The 2yr was
a tad spooked by the Committee's unanimity on the 25bp hike (Chair Warsh voted for it too)
and the implied priming for another hike from the dot plot. Since then, the rate hike discount
has hardened and intensified further. The carry spread (Fed funds rate to the 3yr) is back out
to 100bp. Neutrality on that spread is about 30bp, so the remaining 70bp is a rate hike
discount.


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 28 September 2026
2
Ahead, we think there are enough rate hike fears discounted at this juncture. Remarkably, the
current 10yr SOFR is priced as if the funds rate is heading to 5% and will average here for the
coming 10 years. That seems to be quite an aggressive long-term discount, even if the Fed
does overshoot to the upside as a theme for the remainder of 2026. More likely, in our opinion,
is that the Fed ultimately turns tail and cuts rates in 2027 and 2028, where a return to the
3.5% area is anticipated.
The Fed balance sheet narrative
Since the Fed recommenced T-bill buying in mid-December 2025, it has bought a cumulative
$360bn. Overall, the Fed's holdings of all securities (including bills) are up $235bn, to almost
$6.4tr. 
Chair Warsh came into the job in the wake of various suggestions that the Fed should reduce
the size of its balance sheet. We covered the issue here, and noted that at the end of 2005, the
Fed’s balance sheet was about 5.5% of GDP. Roll on 20 years, in and out of the global financial
crisis (GFC) and pandemic, and it’s now 21% of GDP (quadrupled). The driver was bond buying.
Total bonds held by the Fed were around 5.5% of GDP 20 years ago. That now equates to 20%
of GDP (almost quadruple). Bank reserves were purely regulatory in nature and a puny 0.1% of
GDP 20 years ago. Today’s bank reserves are closer to 10% of GDP (100-fold).
Warsh wants to 'fix it', it seems. The technicalities could require the sale of all mortgage-
backed bonds ($1.9tr) and at least half of the Treasury bonds (c.$3.6tr). So that’s some $4.5tr
in total, and would bring Fed bond holdings back down to around 5.5% of GDP (pre-GFC
proportions). That in itself is big, and raises questions about a doable pace.
On the other side of the balance sheet there is the complication of transitioning from the
current excess bank reserves environment back potentially towards a scarce regulatory bank
reserves environment. On the former, a Congress-legislated special purpose vehicle tasked
with taking the bonds off the Fed’s balance sheet has been mooted (so they would not be
'sold'). On the latter, an easing in bank liquidity ratios would be required.
For now, it’s all quite speculative. But what we do know is that Warsh can’t simply sell bonds
and stop there. He would need to address both sides of the balance sheet and make
regulatory changes to bank liquidity requirements.
The Fed's bond and bills holdings


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 28 September 2026
3
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
Then there is the complication of a transition from the current excess reserves environment,
potentially back towards a 'scarce reserves' environment, as indicated by Warsh (but without
specifics). Selling the bonds is relatively straightforward; far less straightforward is how to get
back to the prior regime for reserves management and how the funds rate is set, along the
way, and in the future.
One aspect that can help here is the revision to the leverage ratio requirements as of 1 April
2026. The fact that the larger banks now have more capacity to buy Treasuries and/or engage
in repo is a benefit. The weak link in the current structure has been the capacity for tightness in
repo to bully the effective funds rate higher, primarily on a relative-value play. Larger banks in
the game act to tame the tendency for repo to over-tighten at times.
There is a link here with reserves, too, as the Federal Reserve has reverse-engineered a logic
that repo tightness was associated with the fall in excess reserves to a level that exacerbated
repo tightness. While a clear link between the two is not necessarily obvious, one does exist.
We saw the same when the Fed went through its first quantitative tightening exercise in 2019,
which culminated in a brief but severe repo tantrum. It was calmed through the Fed's decision
to buy bills from December 2026, and that policy continues as we head through the remainder
of 2026.
Bank reserves at the Federal Reserve
Alongside the Fed's repo (adding liquidity) and reverse repo facilities (taking out liquidity)


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 28 September 2026
4
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
The effective funds rate used to trade just 8bp above the funds rate floor. The ratchet higher to
14bp in September/October 2025 prompted the policy of renewed T-bill buying. The back story
saw bank reserves dip below US$3tr, and repo had shown a marked tendency to tighten, with
bank reserves at sub-$3tr. That repo tightness, in a relative value sense, was the genesis of the
relative rise in the effective funds rate.
It is currently (3.88%), just 2bp below the rate paid on reserves (3.90%). It’s actually tough to
get to 3.90%, as then eligible counterparties have a choice between two windows (reserves vs
funds rate). It should not go above, though.
The other competition for avenues for market liquidity is repo, as encapsulated by the SOFR
rate (basically an amalgamation of repo rates). Different players in the market with varying
rights in the reserves bucket or the reverse repo bucket will see SOFR as an alternative rate
that gets deployed from a relative value perspective. This is important for framing where the
effective funds rate actually sits. SOFR should, in theory, trade below the effective funds rate,
as it is a collateralised rate.
And in the funds market, we also need to account for the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs).
They typically provide funds to smaller banks. The FHLBs cannot post in the Fed’s reserves
bucket, but they can post at the Fed funds rate. In fact, they tend to be dominant players in
the current funds rate market, especially as the commercial banks will prefer to post at the
higher excess reserves rate. Bottom line, they are effective funds rate influencers.
SOFR, in consequence, has shown a tendency to trade through the effective funds rate, but
more recently it has tightened up in line with a build in Treasury deposits at the Federal
Reserve. That said, there has been better stability in money markets, apart from month-end
(but even then there has been only tame volatility). We expect more of the same ahead based
on the current policy of maintaining reserves at or about $3tr, alongside ongoing buying of T-
bills, as an offset to the roll-off of mortgage-backed securities (while the Fed's holdings of
Treasuries remain unchanged).


[Page 5]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 28 September 2026
5
Fed funds rates versus the SOFR rate
SOFR minus effective Fed funds rate
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
Inflows to money market funds remain firm, although retail holdings have flatlined in recent
months, while the pace of increase in institutional/corporate holdings has slowed.
As a percentage of GDP, total money market funds are now approaching 25%, not far off the
previous high of 27% in 2009.
Money market funds remain on the rise
Also on the rise as a per cent of nominal GDP
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
In terms of specific exposures, Government Funds have seen a renewed rise in holdings of
Treasury Debt (effectively bills). Extra bills are being issued to take pressure off coupon
issuance. This should help maintain a concession in bills. Repo has been downsized relative to


[Page 6]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 28 September 2026
6
bills' holdings as a result.
In Prime Funds, repo (reflecting equity repo) exposures remain elevated, albeit off prior highs.
Exposure to commercial paper (CP) has been gradually rising, while certificates of deposit (CD)
and ordinary deposits have been steadier to a tad lower.
Money market fund holdings
Government Funds on top, and Prime Funds on the bottom
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
In terms of attainable rates, the entire spectrum of overnight commercial paper rates remains
comfortably above the Federal Reserve's reverse repo rate.
The market is discounting rate hikes, which has built concessions. Terming out in spread
products at current levels takes advantage of this profile.
Commercial paper alternatives
As spreads above the Fed's reverse repo rate (bp)


[Page 7]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 28 September 2026
7
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
