[Page 1]
Bundle | 28 September 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle  |  28 September 2026
  RATES
Money Market Outlook: Our latest for
the eurozone, US and UK
Money markets continue to price in aggressive central bank tightening
and higher-for-longer rates across the US, eurozone and UK. We think
parts of these expectations have become too hawkish, creating
opportunities further out the curves. The tightening of eurozone liquidity
remains orderly, but ECB choices and political uncertainty pose risks
In this bundle
Rates
EUR Money Markets: Tightening as intended
ECB hike pricing looks stretched, but high uncertainty makes it
hard to resist
By Benjamin Schroeder
Rates
US Money Markets: Value in extensions given
the aggressive Fed discount
Terming out is really the way to go now
By Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Rates
GBP Money Markets: High premium for terming
out
We see significant value further out the money market curve
By Michiel Tukker


[Page 2]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
2
Article  |  28 September 2026
  RATES
EUR Money Markets: Tightening as
intended
The ECB hike discount is stretched, but hard to lean against given the
high level of uncertainty. Liquidity conditions will continue to tighten.
Repo markets should absorb the adjustment, but a higher reserve
requirement, year-end pressures or ECB borrowing stigma could still
trigger a sharper rise in money-market rates
ECB pricing is looking increasingly stretched
The European Central Bank faces a challenging backdrop of renewed energy market stress
alongside surprisingly resilient economic growth, as reflected in the latest flash PMIs. This mix
has pushed short-end rates to price in a tightening cycle that sees three to four more hikes
over the next year. We think this is too much and expect only one more hike from the ECB,
taking the deposit facility rate to 2.75%. But we have to acknowledge that this outlook largely
hinges on the assumption that geopolitical tensions will start to ease after the US mid-term
elections.


[Page 3]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
3
Liquidity conditions tighten and approaching critical thresholds
Money markets face progressively tighter liquidity conditions as the ECB continues to shrink its
balance sheet and transitions to a new operational framework for implementing monetary
policy. The new framework, introduced in 2024, aims to nudge banks into a more active role,
using liquidity operations as part of the ECB's day-to-day liquidity management. The ideal is a
self-balancing system where banks decide how much liquidity they need while the ECB
continues to offer unlimited liquidity at a fixed rate.
By design, as excess liquidity continues to decline, short-term rates are expected to rise. The
indicator the ECB appears to watch closely is the repo market. Officials have indicated that
repo rates moving toward the rate charged on the ECB’s one-week main refinancing
operations (MROs) would be consistent with the framework functioning as intended, since
banks would increasingly have economic incentives to substitute market funding with ECB
refinancing operations.
At a later stage, the ECB plans to introduce both structural refinancing operations and a
structural bond portfolio aimed at supplying a baseline level of reserves. The objective is to
cover the structural liquidity demand arising from reserve requirements and autonomous
liquidity factors such as banknotes in circulation.
One issue that the ECB has not yet solved is that funding via the ECB comes with a perceived
stigma. That is what could lead to a more noticeable squeeze higher in money market rates.
Excess liquidity is at €2.12tr at the moment. Current estimates suggest banks may wish to
operate with somewhere between €1.5tr and €2tr of excess liquidity, although uncertainty
remains substantial because observed reserve demand under the new framework is untested.
The estimates hinge on assumptions around liquidity coverage ratios that banks want to
maintain and the share of reserves within the portfolios of high-quality liquid assets backing
those ratios. Nevertheless, these estimates suggest that repo funding rates could begin to rise
more noticeably from late 2026 into 2027. Banks with relatively smaller liquidity buffers or less
active access to repo markets may experience funding pressures earlier than the system-wide
aggregates would suggest.
While we think there is only a low probability of it happening, the process could accelerate if
the ECB follows through with proposals to increase the minimum reserve requirement from 1%
to 2%. This would immediately absorb roughly €176bn of liquidity from the banking system.
The rationale is to lower the ECB’s losses stemming from paying interest on the liquidity
created by the bond-buying programmes. Reuters reported in July on alternative options, such
as not paying interest to banks on some of their excess reserves, ie applying a tiered rate, or
even charging fees.


[Page 4]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
4
Banks aren't yet feeling the pressure to go to the ECB for
liquidity
Source: ECB, ING
Funding markets tighten as they take over liquidity
redistribution
We are already seeing the €STR unsecured overnight benchmark drift higher, but it still stands
6bp below the deposit facility rate. If we take the latest ECB Survey of Monetary Analysts
conducted ahead of the September ECB meeting at face value, then €STR should stabilise
around 5bp below the deposit facility rate. Since €STR is not a pure interbank rate, but rather
reflects wholesale unsecured borrowing by banks from a broader set of financial
counterparties, a negative spread relative to the deposit facility rate can persist as these
counterparties do not have direct access to ECB facilities.
Further out the funding curve, we see the 6m Euribor/€STR-OIS spread implying banks are
willing to take on unsecured term funding slightly above the implied MRO rate, which sits 15bp
above the deposit facility rate: 6m Euribor/€STR-OIS is at 29bp, while the MRO rate is 21bp
above €STR.
To be fair, they are not perfect substitutes. Euribor is unsecured whereas MRO borrowing is
collateralised. However, the persistence of a positive spread also suggests that banks continue
to attach some value to avoiding direct recourse to ECB funding.
Overnight repo rates have continued to drift very gradually higher over the past months and
are now largely above, but still close to, the ECB’s deposit facility rate.
Funding rates continue to gradually drift higher


[Page 5]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
5
Source: ECB, Refinitiv, ING
At the same time, repo market activity has increased materially. Volumes captured by
benchmarks such as the STOXX GC Pooling overnight index are already close to levels last seen
in 2014, before the asset purchase programmes began injecting substantial liquidity into the
banking system. This suggests that liquidity redistribution in money markets is becoming
increasingly important as excess liquidity declines, consistent with the ECB's objective of
encouraging a more active role for market-based intermediation.
Note that, looking further out to 1y, term GC rates against German and Italian government
collateral remain below the implied MRO rate. This suggests market participants still expect
liquidity redistribution through private markets to remain sufficient, without widespread
recourse to ECB refinancing operations.
Money market secured and unsecured curves versus OIS
Source: Refinitiv, ING
The upcoming year-end will provide another important test of liquidity conditions, as balance-
sheet constraints typically reduce market-making capacity and increase funding demand.
Funding markets may face additional pressure precisely as concerns surrounding European
sovereign debt sustainability have re-emerged.
In particular, elevated political uncertainty in France raises the possibility that sovereign-bank
linkages receive greater market attention. While French GC curves have only widened
modestly so far, government bond spreads have reached their widest levels since 2012. At this


[Page 6]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
6
stage, markets appear to be pricing in political uncertainty rather than fundamental default
risk. Five-year French CDS spreads have risen sharply but remain below the levels observed
during the 2017 Frexit episode.
Liquidity conditions are likely to continue tightening as QT steadily reduces excess
reserves in the banking system. The base case remains an orderly tightening, with the
repo market absorbing redistribution and repo clearing moving toward the MRO rate.
The risk of a disorderly squeeze is most acute if the minimum reserve requirement is
raised simultaneously with continued QT, or if a bank-specific liquidity event forces
recourse to ECB facilities and triggers stigma-related contagion.
Author
Benjamin Schroeder
Senior Rates Strategist
benjamin.schroder@ing.com


[Page 7]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
7
Article  |  28 September 2026
  RATES
US Money Markets: Value in extensions
given the aggressive Fed discount
The Fed has hiked and the market is positioned for more. Moreover, the
discount is there for maintaining an elevated funds rate for a prolonged
period. We think this is overdone and presents value in longer tenors
(nine months to two years). Pickups into credit remain mild, so an
extension on the core product is good enough. Liquidity remains
supportive
The Federal Reserve raised interest rates by 25bp in September. Markets are expecting more rate hikes,
but we see rate cuts in 2027 and into 2028
The call on the Federal Reserve
Fed Chair Kevin Warsh delivered on the market discount, and did so after all the talk that this
Federal Reserve would do things differently. It was still an eloquent performance. The 2yr was
a tad spooked by the Committee's unanimity on the 25bp hike (Chair Warsh voted for it too)
and the implied priming for another hike from the dot plot. Since then, the rate hike discount
has hardened and intensified further. The carry spread (Fed funds rate to the 3yr) is back out


[Page 8]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
8
to 100bp. Neutrality on that spread is about 30bp, so the remaining 70bp is a rate hike
discount.
Ahead, we think there are enough rate hike fears discounted at this juncture. Remarkably, the
current 10yr SOFR is priced as if the funds rate is heading to 5% and will average here for the
coming 10 years. That seems to be quite an aggressive long-term discount, even if the Fed
does overshoot to the upside as a theme for the remainder of 2026. More likely, in our opinion,
is that the Fed ultimately turns tail and cuts rates in 2027 and 2028, where a return to the
3.5% area is anticipated.
The Fed balance sheet narrative
Since the Fed recommenced T-bill buying in mid-December 2025, it has bought a cumulative
$360bn. Overall, the Fed's holdings of all securities (including bills) are up $235bn, to almost
$6.4tr. 
Chair Warsh came into the job in the wake of various suggestions that the Fed should reduce
the size of its balance sheet. We covered the issue here, and noted that at the end of 2005, the
Fed’s balance sheet was about 5.5% of GDP. Roll on 20 years, in and out of the global financial
crisis (GFC) and pandemic, and it’s now 21% of GDP (quadrupled). The driver was bond buying.
Total bonds held by the Fed were around 5.5% of GDP 20 years ago. That now equates to 20%
of GDP (almost quadruple). Bank reserves were purely regulatory in nature and a puny 0.1% of
GDP 20 years ago. Today’s bank reserves are closer to 10% of GDP (100-fold).
Warsh wants to 'fix it', it seems. The technicalities could require the sale of all mortgage-
backed bonds ($1.9tr) and at least half of the Treasury bonds (c.$3.6tr). So that’s some $4.5tr
in total, and would bring Fed bond holdings back down to around 5.5% of GDP (pre-GFC
proportions). That in itself is big, and raises questions about a doable pace.
On the other side of the balance sheet there is the complication of transitioning from the
current excess bank reserves environment back potentially towards a scarce regulatory bank
reserves environment. On the former, a Congress-legislated special purpose vehicle tasked
with taking the bonds off the Fed’s balance sheet has been mooted (so they would not be
'sold'). On the latter, an easing in bank liquidity ratios would be required.
For now, it’s all quite speculative. But what we do know is that Warsh can’t simply sell bonds
and stop there. He would need to address both sides of the balance sheet and make
regulatory changes to bank liquidity requirements.
The Fed's bond and bills holdings


[Page 9]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
9
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
Then there is the complication of a transition from the current excess reserves environment,
potentially back towards a 'scarce reserves' environment, as indicated by Warsh (but without
specifics). Selling the bonds is relatively straightforward; far less straightforward is how to get
back to the prior regime for reserves management and how the funds rate is set, along the
way, and in the future.
One aspect that can help here is the revision to the leverage ratio requirements as of 1 April
2026. The fact that the larger banks now have more capacity to buy Treasuries and/or engage
in repo is a benefit. The weak link in the current structure has been the capacity for tightness in
repo to bully the effective funds rate higher, primarily on a relative-value play. Larger banks in
the game act to tame the tendency for repo to over-tighten at times.
There is a link here with reserves, too, as the Federal Reserve has reverse-engineered a logic
that repo tightness was associated with the fall in excess reserves to a level that exacerbated
repo tightness. While a clear link between the two is not necessarily obvious, one does exist.
We saw the same when the Fed went through its first quantitative tightening exercise in 2019,
which culminated in a brief but severe repo tantrum. It was calmed through the Fed's decision
to buy bills from December 2026, and that policy continues as we head through the remainder
of 2026.
Bank reserves at the Federal Reserve
Alongside the Fed's repo (adding liquidity) and reverse repo facilities (taking out liquidity)


[Page 10]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
10
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
The effective funds rate used to trade just 8bp above the funds rate floor. The ratchet higher to
14bp in September/October 2025 prompted the policy of renewed T-bill buying. The back story
saw bank reserves dip below US$3tr, and repo had shown a marked tendency to tighten, with
bank reserves at sub-$3tr. That repo tightness, in a relative value sense, was the genesis of the
relative rise in the effective funds rate.
It is currently (3.88%), just 2bp below the rate paid on reserves (3.90%). It’s actually tough to
get to 3.90%, as then eligible counterparties have a choice between two windows (reserves vs
funds rate). It should not go above, though.
The other competition for avenues for market liquidity is repo, as encapsulated by the SOFR
rate (basically an amalgamation of repo rates). Different players in the market with varying
rights in the reserves bucket or the reverse repo bucket will see SOFR as an alternative rate
that gets deployed from a relative value perspective. This is important for framing where the
effective funds rate actually sits. SOFR should, in theory, trade below the effective funds rate,
as it is a collateralised rate.
And in the funds market, we also need to account for the Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs).
They typically provide funds to smaller banks. The FHLBs cannot post in the Fed’s reserves
bucket, but they can post at the Fed funds rate. In fact, they tend to be dominant players in
the current funds rate market, especially as the commercial banks will prefer to post at the
higher excess reserves rate. Bottom line, they are effective funds rate influencers.
SOFR, in consequence, has shown a tendency to trade through the effective funds rate, but
more recently it has tightened up in line with a build in Treasury deposits at the Federal
Reserve. That said, there has been better stability in money markets, apart from month-end
(but even then there has been only tame volatility). We expect more of the same ahead based
on the current policy of maintaining reserves at or about $3tr, alongside ongoing buying of T-
bills, as an offset to the roll-off of mortgage-backed securities (while the Fed's holdings of
Treasuries remain unchanged).


[Page 11]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
11
Fed funds rates versus the SOFR rate
SOFR minus effective Fed funds rate
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
Inflows to money market funds remain firm, although retail holdings have flatlined in recent
months, while the pace of increase in institutional/corporate holdings has slowed.
As a percentage of GDP, total money market funds are now approaching 25%, not far off the
previous high of 27% in 2009.
Money market funds remain on the rise
Also on the rise as a per cent of nominal GDP
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
In terms of specific exposures, Government Funds have seen a renewed rise in holdings of
Treasury Debt (effectively bills). Extra bills are being issued to take pressure off coupon
issuance. This should help maintain a concession in bills. Repo has been downsized relative to


[Page 12]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
12
bills' holdings as a result.
In Prime Funds, repo (reflecting equity repo) exposures remain elevated, albeit off prior highs.
Exposure to commercial paper (CP) has been gradually rising, while certificates of deposit (CD)
and ordinary deposits have been steadier to a tad lower.
Money market fund holdings
Government Funds on top, and Prime Funds on the bottom
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
In terms of attainable rates, the entire spectrum of overnight commercial paper rates remains
comfortably above the Federal Reserve's reverse repo rate.
The market is discounting rate hikes, which has built concessions. Terming out in spread
products at current levels takes advantage of this profile.
Commercial paper alternatives
As spreads above the Fed's reverse repo rate (bp)


[Page 13]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
13
Source: Macrobond, ING estimates
Author
Padhraic Garvey, CFA
Regional Head of Research, Americas
padhraic.garvey@ing.com


[Page 14]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
14
Article  |  28 September 2026
  RATES
GBP Money Markets: High premium for
terming out
Markets are pricing in more than four Bank of England hikes as oil trades
around $100, but we think expectations have turned too hawkish,
offering value further out the sterling money market curve. Meanwhile,
ample reserves mean any material liquidity repricing remains a
medium-term risk
We think markets have turned too hawkish on the Bank of England and therefore see value further out
the money market curve
Term risk premium offers opportunities
Sterling money market rates have shown significant swings on the back of oil price moves, and
we should brace for more volatility. For every $10 increase in oil prices, the 2yr gilt yield rises
by around 15bp. With Brent oil at $100, markets are pricing in more than four hikes from the
Bank of England over the coming year. This would bring SONIA to around 4.75%.
We think markets have turned too hawkish on the Bank of England and therefore see value
further out the money market curve. Trading this market is difficult, however, as any further


[Page 15]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
15
escalation in the Middle East would immediately push interest rates higher again. For this
reason, we believe the curve embeds a significant risk premium for longer-maturity exposures.
Our economist does not expect the BoE to hike rates, and the central bank’s communication is
also more dovish than market pricing. Second-round inflation risks are limited, as the labour
market has already cooled significantly over the past year. At 3.75%, we believe the policy rate
is already restricting the economy, limiting the risk of overheating. As inflation should
converge to target by mid-2027, we see scope for the BoE to cut rates towards 3.25%.
Markets are significantly more hawkish than economists
Liquidity costs still to rise, but not immediately
Even though SONIA rates seem to have stabilised at 2bp below Bank Rate, we still think
liquidity could become more expensive in future. Quantitative tightening continues to
withdraw reserves from the system, and banks increasingly rely on the Bank of England’s
liquidity facilities. The Short-Term Repo (STR) facility, which provides one-week reserves, is
priced at Bank Rate and requires high-quality collateral, mainly gilts. The pricing of the six-
month Indexed Long-Term Repo (ILTR) facility is more complex and increases as demand for
reserves rises.
SONIA has settled around 2bp below Bank Rate, but could still
drift higher


[Page 16]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
16
When demand at the ILTR auctions exceeds £8bn, banks will have to pay more for their
funding, increasing liquidity costs. In July, the maximum allocation was £7.4bn, close to the
threshold. Below the threshold, the spread paid by banks is fixed between 3bp and 15bp,
depending on the quality of collateral. Above the £8bn threshold, the Bank of England will
charge higher spreads, although the exact calculation is not public. The maximum allocation is
set at £35bn, which offers plenty of headroom for the coming years.
Reserves are more costly when demand for ILTR exceeds £8bn
The Bank of England expects the clearing spread for the lowest-quality collateral to settle
around 20-40bp, well above the minimum spread of 15bp. In effect, this would increase overall
liquidity costs in sterling markets. Consequently, SONIA could still drift higher, potentially
above Bank Rate. That said, SONIA is an overnight rate, while the ILTR facility provides six-
month liquidity. SONIA also focuses on wholesale deposits from non-banks and therefore
captures a different market segment from banks with access to the BoE’s facilities. As such,
the pass-through will not be one-to-one.
The good news is that reserves remain ample and we are still far from a significant repricing of
liquidity. Banks are unlikely to bid above the minimum clearing spreads for now, so allocations
will likely remain capped at £8bn. Only once the allocation hits the threshold for multiple


[Page 17]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
17
consecutive weeks would we start to anticipate a material drift higher in SONIA and other
liquidity measures.
Author
Michiel Tukker
Senior UK & Eurozone Rates Strategist
michiel.tukker@ing.com


[Page 18]
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Bundle | 28 September 2026
18
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
