[Page 1]
Agriculture markets entered 2026 with relatively comfortable inventories, but we 
n
see the upside tails of agriculture prices thickening as three geopolitical and 
weather risks build in an increasingly inward-looking market. 
#1 Hormuz. Continued diesel and fertilizer disruptions may raise input 
o
costs across agriculture, while renewed energy-security concerns could 
encourage major crop exporters to divert more crops into domestic 
biofuel production and reduce exportable supply.  
#2 Black Sea. Renewed Russia-Ukraine tensions in the Black Sea—the 
o
world’s most important grain corridor—put up to 15-20% of global grain 
trade at risk. The disruption comes during the Black Sea’s peak wheat 
export season, with seaborne wheat exports from Russia and Ukraine 
already running sharply below normal levels. If disruptions continue when 
Black Sea corn exports typically pick up from October onward, risks could 
broaden from wheat to global corn markets. 
#3 Super El Niño. A strengthening El Niño has a greater than 90% 
o
probability of reaching “super” El Niño conditions and is forecast to be the 
strongest on record. A super El Niño could simultaneously disrupt multiple 
crop regions through severe droughts and floods, while potentially 
creating transport disruptions by reducing water levels in key shipping 
routes like the Panama Canal. 
But the larger risk is that these simultaneous shocks are hitting an 
n
increasingly inward-looking agriculture market. Even small supply disruptions 
may now generate larger and more persistent price spikes than in the past, as 
trade barriers may rise more quickly in response to supply risks amidst greater 
policy focus on domestic supply resilience since 2020. Higher barriers to trade 
may lower barriers to shocks because (precautionary) export restrictions and 
stock building can remove far more supply from global markets than the original 
disruption itself, while the resulting market fragmentation reduces traded 
liquidity and amplifies price volatility. 
The authors would like to thank Samuel Jönsson — an intern on our commodities research 
team — for his extensive contributions to this report.
Lina Thomas 
+44(20)7051-3062 | 
lina.thomas@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Daan Struyven 
+1(212)357-4172 | 
daan.struyven@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
7 September 2026 | 3:37PM BST
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Commodities Research
AGRICULTURE ANALYST 
Higher Barriers to Trade, Lower Barriers to Shocks: Hormuz, Black Sea 
and a Super El Niño
 
 


[Page 2]
Higher Barriers to Trade, Lower Barriers to Shocks: Hormuz, Black Sea and a Super El Niño 
 
 
Agriculture markets entered 2026 with relatively ample supplies (Exhibit 1), but we see 
the upside tails of prices thickening as three geopolitical and weather risks build in 
an increasingly inward-looking market.  
 
As these risks begin to take hold, the BCOM agriculture spot index has risen 24% 
year-over-year, led by a 41% increase in wheat prices (Exhibit 2). 
 
#1 Hormuz 
The ongoing Middle East conflict could tighten agriculture markets in three ways. On the 
 
Exhibit 1: Agriculture Markets Entered 2026 With Relatively Ample Supplies 
 
 
Source: USDA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 2: BCOM Agriculture Spot Index Has Risen 24% YoY, Led By a 41% Increase in Wheat Prices 
 
 
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 3]
supply side, continued fertilizer and diesel disruptions may raise input costs across 
agriculture. On the demand side, renewed energy-security concerns could encourage 
major exporters to divert more crops into domestic biofuel production.  
Fertilizer flows via the Strait of Hormuz — a chokepoint for about one-third of global 
fertilizer trade — have fallen following the July re-escalation (Exhibit 3).1 The risk to 
crops differs by fertilizer type:  
Nitrogen fertilizers2—critical for grains such as corn, wheat, and rice—have an 
n
immediate and direct impact on yields and must be applied each season, making 
timing critical and supply disruptions particularly damaging.3 The renewed 
escalation coincides with the Q3 procurement window for major nitrogen fertilizer 
importers ahead of planting, including Brazil corn, India rice and sugarcane, and EU 
winter wheat (Exhibit 4).  
Phosphate fertilizers4, by contrast, can be drawn down from soil reserves in the 
n
short term, limiting the immediate impact on yields, but sustained under‑application 
depletes these reserves and gradually weakens soil quality, crop resilience, and 
productivity. This is particularly relevant in Brazil soybeans (accounting for 62% of 
global exports), where import dependence on phosphate fertilizers is high (~80%). 
The July re-escalation came during the key June-July fertilizer procurement window 
for Brazilian soybean growers ahead of September planting, keeping phosphate 
prices elevated.5 With affordability of phosphate fertilizers already constrained since 
the 2022 Russia‑Ukraine disruption, the latest shock risks keeping Brazilian soybean 
farmers under pressure, potentially prolonging under-application and raising 
longer‑term risks to Brazilian soybean production. 
1
The Hormuz disruption tightens supply through two channels: directly, via reduced exports of finished 
nitrogen and phosphate fertilizers, and indirectly, through constrained access to key upstream inputs — 
including sulfur for phosphate and ammonia and natural gas for nitrogen— limiting substitution across regions.
2
In 2024, roughly 34% of global urea trade and 23% of global ammonia trade passed through the Strait of 
Hormuz. Urea is the world’s most widely used nitrogen fertilizer, while ammonia is a key input into urea 
production.
3
The Q2 disruption to flows through the Strait of Hormuz was therefore relatively contained, as it occurred 
during a seasonal lull—after Northern Hemisphere farmers had largely secured supply and before the next 
procurement cycle began.
4
In 2024, roughly 18% of global MAP and DAP trade and 49% of global sulfur trade passed through the Strait 
of Hormuz. MAP and DAP are widely used phosphate fertilizers, while sulfur is a key input into phosphate 
production.
5
Brazilian soybean growers had secured only ~68% of expected fertilizer demand by mid‑June (vs. ~75% 
historically).
7 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 4]
 
 
Diesel prices reached record highs on Friday (September 4) as disruptions around 
Hormuz (~10% of global diesel exports) continue to constrain product flows while 
refinery outages in the Middle East and Russia further tighten already-stretched refining 
capacity. Because diesel powers farm machinery, harvesting equipment, and agricultural 
transportation, sustained high diesel prices could further pressure farmer margins and 
raise agricultural production costs. 
At the same time, renewed energy-security concerns could encourage major exporters 
to divert more crops into domestic biofuel production. Brazil and India (sugar/corn) have 
recently raised ethanol mandates, while Indonesia (palm oil) has raised biodiesel 
 
Exhibit 3: Fertilizer Flows Out of the Strait of Hormuz — a Chokepoint for About One-Third of 
Global Fertilizer Trade — Have Fallen Since July 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 4: The Renewed Nitrogen Disruptions Coincide With a Time When Major Nitrogen 
Importers Procure for Planting 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 5]
mandates, reducing the exportable surplus of crops (Exhibit 5). 
 
#2 Black Sea 
Renewed Russia-Ukraine tensions in the Black Sea—the world’s most important grain 
corridor—put up to 15-20% of global grain trade at risk. The disruption comes during 
the Black Sea’s peak wheat export season, with seaborne wheat exports from Russia and 
Ukraine already running sharply below normal levels (Exhibit 6) and helping lift wheat 
prices by ~20% since the escalation began in early July. Seaborne corn exports from 
Russia and Ukraine have also fallen sharply, although August is seasonally a low-export 
period. If disruptions persist as Black Sea corn exports typically pick up from October 
onward, risks could broaden from wheat to global corn markets. 
 
Exhibit 5: Renewed Energy-Security Concerns Have Prompted Higher Biofuel Mandates in 
Several Major Crop Exporters 
 
 
Source: Reuters, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 6]
 
#3 Super El Niño  
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) assessed that El Niño 
conditions are present with a greater than 90% probability of developing into a very 
strong (“super”) El Niño into the 2026-2027 winter. While El Niños typically occur every 2 
to 7 years, super El Niños are more unusual — occurring just three times over the past 75 
years. The current El Niño is forecast to be the strongest on record (Exhibit 7).  
 
Exhibit 6: Renewed Black Sea Tensions Have Pushed Russian and Ukrainian Wheat Exports Sharply Below Normal Levels 
During the Peak Export Season 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 7]
 
A super El Niño could simultaneously disrupt multiple crop regions through severe 
droughts and floods (Exhibit 8). We recently highlighted how a super El Niño could 
particularly tighten sugar markets as global sugar exports are heavily concentrated in El 
Niño-sensitive regions, including Center-South Brazil, India and Thailand. 
 
Exhibit 7: The Current El Niño Is Forecast to Be the Strongest on Record 
 
The Oceanic Niño Index (ONI) measures the three‑month running average of sea surface temperature anomalies in the 
Niño 3.4 region of the equatorial Pacific (5°N–5°S, 170°W–120°W). An El Niño event is defined when the ONI exceeds +0.5°C 
for five consecutive overlapping three‑month periods. The strength of the event is determined by the magnitude of the 
anomaly: +0.5°C is considered weak, +1.0°C moderate, +1.5°C strong, and +2.0°C very strong. Climatically, stronger El Niño 
events tend to produce more pronounced global impacts, with peak effects typically observed in Northern Hemisphere winter 
(December-February). The 2026-27 estimate is the multi-model median forecast from The Climate Brink. 
 
Source: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 8]
 
A Super El Niño may also disrupt agricultural trade by reducing water levels in key 
shipping routes like the Panama Canal, which handles 10% of global cereal trade and 
17% of global soybean trade. While the canal entered this El Niño with comfortable 
water levels, reservoir levels have so far declined rather than rebuilt during the current 
rainy season (Exhibit 9, Left Panel). If reservoirs remain insufficiently replenished by the 
start of the January-May dry season, canal authorities may need to further restrict 
vessel transits to conserve water like in 2023/24, as each ship passage consumes 
freshwater from the canal (Exhibit 9, Right Panel).6 
6
On August 20, 2026, the Panama Canal Authority reduced transit capacity as weaker rainfall lowered 
reservoir levels needed to support vessel traffic through the canal.
 
Exhibit 8: A Super El Nino Could Simultaneously Disrupt Multiple Crop Regions Through Severe Droughts and Floods 
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 9]
 
But the Larger Risk Is That These Simultaneous Shocks Are Hitting an 
Increasingly Inward-Looking Agriculture Market 
Even small supply disruptions may now generate larger price moves than in the past, as 
trade barriers rise more quickly in response to supply risks. 
Following the pandemic-related disruptions and the food-and energy crisis of 2022, 
policy in several economies has signaled greater focus on security of food and energy 
supply, reflected in the increased use of tariffs on commodity imports, export controls, 
rising biofuel mandates, and the buildup of government-held inventories (Exhibit 10).  
 
Exhibit 9: Panama Canal Water Levels Are Falling Rather Than Rebuilding During the Current Rainy Season, Raising the 
Risk of Further Shipping Restrictions Later This Year 
 
 
Source: Haver Analytics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 10]
 
Higher barriers to trade may lower barriers to shocks because: 
1. Small supply shocks can trigger much larger losses of exportable supply. With 
global agriculture trade highly concentrated among a handful of major exporters, a small 
physical disruption — or even the risk of one — in a key exporting country can trigger 
(precautionary) export restrictions that remove far more supply from the global markets 
than the original disruption itself (Exhibit 11). During the food price crises of 2008 and 
2022, successive export bans on grains and edible oils amplified global price spikes. 
India’s rice export ban ahead of the 2023/24 strong El Niño removed about 40% of 
global rice trade from export markets and contributed to a sharp increase in prices, even 
though Indian rice production ultimately proved resilient.  
 
 
Exhibit 10: The Annual Pace of New Agriculture Trade Restrictions Has Roughly Doubled 
Since 2020 
 
 
Source: Global Trade Alert, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 11: Global Agriculture Trade Is Highly Concentrated Among a Handful of Major Exporters 
 
 
Source: USDA, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 11]
2. While the higher trade barriers and precautionary stock building are ultimately aimed 
at improving domestic resilience, they likely also fragment global markets, reduce 
traded liquidity and raise price volatility. We estimate that the price impact of an 
external disruption (e.g. weather shock in agriculture markets) depends on its size 
relative to the market that absorbs it; if a regional bloc is half the size of the global 
market, the same shock delivers twice the price impact compared to a global market 
(Exhibit 12).7 Measures that lead to fragmentation can therefore generate outcomes that 
differ from their intended objective of managing disruption risk.8 
7
The key intuition for the greater price effect in fragmented markets is that the price impact of a disruption is 
inversely related to the size of the market that absorbs it; if a regional bloc is half the size of the global market, 
the same shock delivers twice the price impact.
8
Historically—including during the 2022 energy and food crisis—governments have often responded to 
disruptions in essential goods by subsidizing households to ease the burden. But when many countries pursue 
similar measures simultaneously, the outcome can diverge from the intended objective. It is akin to a seated 
theater where one person stands to get a better view; soon everyone must stand, yet no one is better off than 
before.
 
Exhibit 12: The Price Impact of a Disruption Depends on Its Size Relative To the Market That 
Absorbs It; If a Regional Bloc Is Half the Size Of the Global Market, the Same Shock Delivers 
Twice the Price Impact 
 
The US accounts for about 7 percent of global and 15 percent of US-Europe+ bloc wheat production. A three-standard 
deviation US harvest shock corresponds to about 60 percent of US wheat production, or 4 percent of global output, with 
wheat prices held constant. The exercise uses a price elasticity of supply of 0.2 and a price elasticity of demand of -0.85 (see 
Alvarez et al., 2023). Lower elasticities would lead to higher price impacts, and fragmentation would still double the price 
impact in this example. 
 
Source: USDA, FAO, IMF, Fally and Sayre (2019), Alvarez et al. (2013), Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
7 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 12]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Lina Thomas and Daan Struyven, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views, which have not 
been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Lina Thomas Goldman Sachs International, Daan Struyven Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
7 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 13]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
7 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 


[Page 14]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
7 September 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
Agriculture Analyst
 
 
