[Page 1]
The back-to-school backdrop for large-cap biopharma has been marked by ongoing 
outperformance through the summer months and while recent moves through 
August’s thin trading volumes were likely exaggerated by positioning and narratives 
rather than fundamentals, we see the sector on fairly solid ground entering fall and 
remain constructive, selectively.  The S&P 500 Pharma Index is now up ~18% YTD (vs. 
S&P 500 +13%) following a non-linear but sustained rally that started late last year 
with multiple cross-currents proving to be tailwinds — including macro and 
positioning alongside fundamental considerations evidenced by strong earnings 
execution, M&A momentum and, importantly for generalist sentiment, disruptive 
practice-changing innovation trends representing category expansion in oncology 
treatment particularly (RVMD; MRK/MRNA).  In US LC biopharma, almost every name 
has now outperformed the S&P 500 on the year, underscoring a broad sector-level 
re-rating underway — though performance in EU pharma has been far more uneven 
given greater fundamental debates amidst more uneven clinical catalyst delivery 
(Novartis’ HORIZON trial setback over the weekend adds to the list) and a perception 
of greater willingness of US companies to offset patent expiry risks through M&A. 
At a single stock level, the most notable narrative pivots through the summer have 
been, to the positive in MRK (best YTD performer, now +43% in 2026, on a growing 
appreciation of the post-LOE revenue trajectory) and VRTX (underwhelming 
competitor CF data removed an overhang into an eventful 2H+; was added to the 
CL), while AZN has become increasingly debated (media reports of potential interest 
in large M&A has put heightened focus on post 2030 LOEs rather than the near-term 
growth trajectory).  
On the innovation theme, the market has significantly upgraded its view of 
personalized cancer vaccines following the recent MRK/MRNA melanoma 
immunotherapy data — we expect this theme to be a key focus in the sector this fall. 
On the flip side, the failure of Novartis/IONS HORIZON trial over the weekend is a 
major setback for the Lp(a) class in cardiovascular treatment, raising questions 
about programs from AMGN, LLY, etc. with readacross to NAMS and RPRX (see 
within). Fall will feature a clinical catalyst-rich period for several large caps, 
representing potential for volatility and idiosyncratic alpha generation.  
Names we see as best positioned into the balance of this year include: JNJ, LLY, 
AMGN, RPRX (scope for upward topline revisions); MRK, TEVA, VRTX (on the event 
Asad Haider, CFA 
+1(212)902-0691 | asad.haider@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Salveen Richter, CFA 
+1(212)934-4204 | 
salveen.richter@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
James Quigley 
+44(20)7051-3800 | 
james.quigley@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Rajan Sharma 
+44(20)7051-7995 | 
rajan.sharma@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D. 
+1(212)855-0830 | 
matt.dellatorre@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Nick Jennings 
+1(415)249-7412 | 
nick.jennings@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Jeff Su 
+1(212)357-9930 | jeff.su@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
6 September 2026 | 7:11PM EDT
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
GLOBAL HEALTHCARE: PHARMACEUTICALS 
Back-to-School Kickstart: 10 High-Level Themes; Selectively 
Constructive
 
 


[Page 2]
path), AZN (sector-best growth and pipeline not reflected in current valuation) 
andBayer (ongoing turnaround story).  Names we view more cautiously given a 
higher-risk catalyst path include: Novartis, BMY and PFE.   
10 High-Level Themes In Focus Exiting the Summer 
Top Down Considerations. 
1.
Per our equity strategist, Ben Snider, from a top-down perspective, three key 
o
factors have been tailwinds for LC biopharma stocks in recent weeks and will 
factor into the direction of travel for the sector in the remainder of the year: 
the economy, earnings expectations, and the AI trade. First, LC biopharma 
typically performs best when the economy is slowing. After a period of 
acceleration in early 2026, our economists expect a modest deceleration in 
coming quarters as a result of a fading fiscal impulse and elevated energy 
prices. Second, LC biopharma generally trades with a tight relationship to 
earnings revisions, and that relationship has continued alongside a recent 
inflection higher in estimates. Third, LC biopharma has been inversely 
correlated with the AI trade for most of the last few years, meaning sentiment 
around AI investment spending and monetization will likely affect LC 
biopharma as well as tech stocks. Outside of AI-driven volatility, the clearest 
headwind to health care is its recent increase in investor positioning, but 
valuations – while more elevated than they were a few months ago – still 
appear supportive relative to history. Political uncertainty around the 
midterm elections is another consideration, although most investors are less 
focused on implications for biopharma from this year’s elections than in 
previous election cycles.  
Separately, on the macro front, the key storyline exiting the summer months is 
o
the rise in global bond yields alongside hawkish Fed commentary (with the 
FOMC decision on Sept 16th a key near-term event).  Through this, the 
performance of the XBI has been unusually resilient compared to prior 
episodes of rising yields when small cap biotech has been inversely correlated 
with rising rates.  This suggests that embedded M&A and innovation optimism 
in SMID biotech stocks is overriding potential valuation headwinds from rising 
rates.  While the base case of our rates team is for yields to (eventually) work 
their way lower, if yields keep rising, especially at a higher degree of velocity 
and volatility, the XBI could struggle relative to larger “Quality-theme” stocks 
with strong balance sheets (JNJ, LLY and ABBV command the industry’s 
highest balance sheet capacity).  Given this backdrop, we continue to 
recommend selectivity in SMID biotech.   
Valuation Considerations.  Price action as this year has progressed underscores a 
2.
broad and potentially sustainable re-rating in sector-wide valuations for large-cap 
biopharma stocks (see Exhibit 2, Exhibit 4).  To contextualize, the recovery follows 
three consecutive years of underperformance where HC traded near a record 
discount to the S&P 500 just 10 months ago. While that discount has since narrowed, 
we believe there could be more gap to close where LC biopharma’s current P/E 
discount of ~-9% relative to the S&P 500 compares to a historical average 2% 
6 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 3]
premium (Exhibit 2).  As another lens on valuation, we note that implied TGRs 
(terminal growth rates) offer perspective on what current stock prices are 
reflecting with respect to the market’s assumption on terminal growth (beyond 
2030) based on consensus numbers.  Relative to what was priced into stocks late last 
year, the market has significantly upgraded its view of TGRs for several US 
biopharma names though EU pharma names are still reflecting punitive TGRs, most 
notably Sanofi (see Exhibit 5). 
Positioning Considerations. Per our equity strategist’s latest analysis of 13F filings 
3.
representing institutional investor holdings, hedge funds entered Q326 with a sizable 
sector weighting in healthcare, driven largely by biotech which, in our view, likely 
reflects continued M&A theme optimism.  Mutual funds were also carrying an 
overweight in healthcare entering Q326, though this was driven by non-biopharma 
segments of the sector with several large-cap biopharma names screening as 
underweighted.  Similar to what we had highlighted earlier this year, our 
conversations continue to suggest that many investors are not positioned for a 
broad-based biopharma rally to continue which could lead to higher pain trades and 
ongoing laggard reversion dynamics in names where fundamentals have been more 
in question (as seen recently in BMY and PFE, both of which have now outperformed 
the S&P YTD). 
3Q26 Earnings. The message from large-cap biopharma’s 2Q26 earnings season was 
4.
one of very strong operational execution: 100% of companies beat on the topline 
(vs. the trailing 4-quarter beat-rate of 65%) and the majority also raised revenue 
guidance (vs. the trailing 4-quarter rate of ~40%), leading to positive estimate 
revisions, on average by 1.7% across the group.  With less than one-month left to go 
before the books close on 3Q, management commentary on the September investor 
conference circuit will be scrutinized.  We expect the trajectories of recently 
launched oral pills to be in keen focus: (i) in obesity, for LLY’s Foundayo, while the 
initial launch has been slower than anticipated, the drug is growing steadily, reaching 
44k TRx in the most recent week with compounded weekly growth rate of ~ 12% 
since the July 1st Medicare unlock (following which over 500k seniors have accessed 
GLP-1s, per a recent White House statement); for Novo’s Wegovy pill, growth seems 
to be stabilizing; (ii) for JNJ’s Icotyde in psoriasis, on the 2Q26 call that ~11k 
patients have been initiated with 6k unique prescribers; since the earnings call, IQVIA 
TRx has grown from 783 to 1.2k, and (iii) for MRK’s oral PCSK9 Lipfendra, in the 
context of management comments to expect a slow early trajectory, the launch so 
far looks decent, reaching 1,341 the most recent week vs. 1,123/821/319/34 the 
weeks prior. More broadly, names we see as best positioned for continued upward 
revenue revisions include: JNJ, LLY, AMGN, AZN, and BAYN.  
Key Clinical Events.  Clinical events have remained the most significant drivers of 
5.
idiosyncratic stocks moves in the group (as most recently seen in Novartis +6% on 
positive remibrutinib data, MRK +12.5% on the positive personalized cancer vaccine 
trial in melanoma, ARGX +16% on the positive myositis readout, Novo -11% on the 
ZEUS trial miss; AZN -10% on the AATR miss; etc.).  The failure of Novartis/IONS’ 
highly-anticipated HORIZON trial over the weekend — suggesting no benefit to 
cardiovascular outcomes from Lp(a) lowering — is a major setback for the Lp(a) class 
6 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 4]
of drugs in cardiovascular treatment as the hypothesis has failed the first and most 
important test, raising questions about programs from AMGN and LLY amongst 
others, with readacross to NAMS (where we’ve previously highlighted a ~-7% impact 
to our DCF valuation from a HORIZON failure) and RPRX royalties (where 
management has issued a statement saying it expects to recoup its total investment 
and earn a modest positive return despite the pelacarsen failure).  High-profile 
clinical catalysts we are monitoring into the fall include: AZN (multiple Phase 3 
readouts starting with tozorakimab in COPD on Sept 8th, followed by the 
heavily-debated SERENA-4 for oral SERD in breast cancer and AVANZAR in 1L 
NSCLC); BMY (the admilparant Ph3 readout in IPF expected 4Q is now the company’s 
most in-focus clinical event before year-end); MRK (focus is on multiple internal and 
external clinical events, where the October ESMO conference has now become 
particularly important for details on the MRNA-partnered cancer vaccine on top of 
updates on the company’s sac-TMT program/strategy); PFE (the 4Q EZH2 
mevrometostat Ph3 is key to rebuilding confidence on pipeline execution); SMMT 
(positive HARMONi-2 OS data from partner Akeso at the mid-September World 
Lung conference, and final PFS and interim OS fromthe key Ph3 HARMONi-3 
frontline NSCLC sq. trial expected shortly, with potential lateral readacross to BMY, 
BNTX, MRK, PFE and AZN). 
Cancer Vaccines.  We expect this emerging theme to remain in keen focus with 
6.
debates about what’s been priced in following recent stock moves where 
MRNA/MRK have added a combined $72bn in market cap following the late August 
positive cancer immunotherapy data for intismeran in adjuvant melanoma which 
also served as a catalyst for a broad-based rotation into LC Biopharma and triggered 
a cascade of sizable lateral moves across other parts of the HC sector — including 
for other companies with cancer vaccine programs (BNTX +12% since) and those 
exposed to manufacturing (MRVI +28%) and diagnostics (TEM +31%).  The optimism 
was subsequently balanced by BNTX’s announcement that it would be halting its 
mRNA colorectal cancer vaccine trial after safety review — though the company 
notes limited read-across to its broader cancer vaccine program. From here, the 
next inputs on the cancer immunotherapy theme include: (i) BNTX‘s preliminary 
Ph1 results evaluating its mRNA-based immunotherapy candidate BNT116 
combined with a PD-1 in NSCLC, expected at the upcoming World Lung conference, 
Sept 12-15r); (ii) more detailed data from the MRK/MRNA intismeran adjuvant 
melanoma trial, likely at the late October ESMO meeting (October 23-26), with focus 
on the hazard-ration for the primary endpoint of RFS (recurrence free survival) — 
the baseline expectation is for an RFS HR between 0.7-0.75 to support statistical 
significance, with deviations around this likely to catalyze up/down stock moves); (iii) 
BNTX‘s Ph3 interim analysis for PFS for BNT113, the company’s off-the-shelf cancer 
immunotherapy, in HPV16+ head & neck cancer expected this year; and (iv) 
MRK/MRNA‘s renal cell carcinoma (RCC) data for intismeran, potentially in 2026 — 
if intismeran can show benefit in RCC, which is considered a colder tumor vs. 
melanoma, then efficacy in additional indications where Keytruda has shown benefit 
is possible.  We see BNTX’s mRNA vaccine program as upside optionality on our 
valuation. 
6 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 5]
M&A Considerations.  On the back of the resurgence in biopharma M&A this year 
7.
(~$143bn in deal value YTD vs. $200bn in FY25) we expect potential acquirers —
including ABBV, AMGN, BMY, LLY, Novo, MRK, REGN, Sanofi, among others — 
could remain active (albeit with a somewhat narrower window with the growing 
proximity of US midterm elections a headwind to boardroom M&A sentiment).  LLY‘s 
recent commentary suggests potential for larger deals, following a series of bolt-ons 
YTD. Novo is evaluating BD/M&A opportunities across a range of therapeutic areas, 
with more details expected at the upcoming Capital Markets Day on Sept 21st, 
where we expect the focus to be on obesity, cardiovascular disease and rare blood 
disorders. For Sanofi, BD/M&A will be key to rebuilding investor confidence 
following a string of pipeline misses.  Additionally, despite now denied reports of a 
potential AZN + BMY combination, our conversations suggest investors are 
continuing to assess potential mega-deals in the industry.   
Midterm Election Considerations.  As the US midterm elections in early November 
8.
now start to get more airtime, we expect increased investor interest in the political 
implications for healthcare.  These seem limited given (i) prediction markets are 
pointing to a high-likelihood or divided government, and (ii) recent policy changes 
have been more about executive action rather than legislative action.  We expect 
investors to be more focused on potential signals from this election cycle to the 
presidential election cycle in 2028.  Compared to other recent election cycles, 
there has been a downshift in conversations around biopharma-specific risks — 
with drug pricing outcomes (MFN, IRA) now better understood — relative to 
greater uncertainty across other segments of healthcare.  These include the 
re-emergence of narratives around Medicare-for-All and greater focus on items like 
340B reform (where we have highlighted that any potential policy/legal outcomes 
that would move dynamics towards a transfer of profits from providers to 
biopharma companies as a positive for much of the biopharma sector), PBM 
economics, Medicaid cuts, ACA subsidy cliffs, etc. We’ve also fielded some questions 
on whether a strong Democrat showing in the midterms would increase the odds 
(post 2028) of stricter AI regulation, which could increase investor focus on sectors 
such as HC with less direct AI exposure.  We will look to explore some of these topics 
at our Washington, DC Healthcare Policy Investor Field Trip on Thursday, Sept 10th 
(please reach out to your GS contact for the agenda). 
FDA Considerations.  Potential implications for biopharma following the nomination 
9.
of Dr. Heidi Overton as the FDA Commissioner (confirmation hearing expected once 
the Senate returns in mid-September) include  vaccine policy (relevant to PCVX, 
and other names with large vaccine franchises) where her prior positions suggest 
increased scrutiny of clinical trial evidence, potential re-evaluation of childhood 
immunization schedules, and updated guidelines for booster approvals. 
China Theme. On the back of the ongoing trend of US/EU large cap biopharma 
10.
global licensing deals with Chinese biopharmaceutical companies (as of mid-August, 
China has contributed to (i) half of NMEs (new molecular entities) globally that 
entered into clinical stage YTD in 2026; (ii) half of all clinical trial registered YTD, and 
(iii) 22% of global business development deals in biopharma YTD, and 39% of total 
deal size, including milestones) we will be hosting our annual China biopharma 
6 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 6]
investor trip on September 21-24 featuring company visits to Akeso, Ascletis, 
Duality, Hansoh, Hengrui, Innovent, Kelun, Wuxi Apptec, among others. 
6 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 7]
Charts We Are Watching 
 
 
 
Exhibit 1: Global Pharma (cap-weighted) Performance vs. 
S&P 500 
 
Exhibit 2: Large-cap Biopharma FY2 PE Discount (EW) vs. 
S&P500 
Sep 30, 2025 —
Pfizer MFN Drug-
Pricing Deal
May 19, 2026 —
NVDA 2Q26 
Earnings
Jul 15, 2026 —
3Q26 Earnings 
Kickoff
Aug 19, 2026 —
MRK / MRNA 
Positive Trial
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
Sep 25
Nov 25
Jan 26
Mar 26
May 26
Jul 26
Global Pharma  vs. S&P500 
 
 
Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
 
Source: Company data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 3: 2026 YTD Large-cap Biopharma Performance: 
EU Pharma names have been notable laggards 
 
Exhibit 4: 2026 YTD Large-cap Biopharma FY27 Multiple 
Expansion/Contraction 
43%
34% 33%
25% 24% 23%
20%
17% 16% 14% 13% 12% 11% 9%
7%
7%
2%
-7% -8% -9%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
2026 YTD Large-cap Biopharma Performance
52%
30%29%
25%
19%18%17%16%14%
10% 9% 7%
2%
-3%
-7% -7% -8% -9%
-20%
-10%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
 
 
Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
 
Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
6 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 8]
 
 
Exhibit 5: Global Pharma: Consensus Implied Post-2030 TGR 
Reflected at Current Prices 
Implied DCF
NPV 2026-2030 
Consensus FCF
Implied NPV 
Terminal Value
LLY
$1,073,141
$211,525
$861,616
2.9%
MRK
$418,090
$94,368
$323,722
2.3%
AMGN
$281,168
$66,925
$214,244
2.3%
VRTX
$133,484
$27,247
$106,237
2.2%
JNJ
$699,867
$152,006
$547,861
2.2%
BMY
$170,833
$54,160
$116,674
1.4%
ABBV
$518,491
$139,731
$378,759
1.1%
NVS
$347,864
$91,899
$255,965
1.2%
BIIB
$39,908
$11,029
$28,879
1.0%
GILD
$208,967
$51,258
$157,708
0.7%
PFE
$213,934
$68,950
$144,983
0.6%
ROCHE
$387,961
$115,859
$272,101
(0.2%)
NVO
$220,609
$74,252
$146,357
(1.5%)
AZN
$280,464
$94,796
$185,667
(2.0%)
TEVA
$55,619
$18,949
$36,670
(2.2%)
REGN
$82,440
$28,478
$53,963
(2.1%)
GSK
$120,828
$53,645
$67,183
(4.5%)
SNY
$126,894
$62,920
$63,974
(8.4%)
Average
(0.2%)
            A          ̶̶        B           =          C
Company
Market 
Enterprise Value
Market Implied 
TGR
 
Implied TGR based on theoretical 2030 DCF using 8% WACC, 15% tax rate, Visible 
Alpha Consensus Data revenue/EBIT estimates, and assumptions being CapEx= 
depreciation and change in WC = 15% of change in sales. 
 
Source: FactSet, Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment 
Research
6 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 9]
 
Exhibit 6: Global Pharma: Valuation and Growth Rates 
Visible Alpha 
Company
Rating
27-30E
27-32E
27-30E
27-32E
FY27
FY28
FY29
FY30
VRTX
Buy
16.0%
14.0%
11.4%
10.1%
26.4x
22.8x
19.5x
16.9x
LLY
Buy
11.9%
9.7%
9.3%
7.4%
24.2x
20.9x
18.8x
17.3x
JNJ
Buy
12.3%
9.8%
7.7%
5.3%
21.8x
19.4x
17.2x
15.4x
AMGN
Buy
6.1%
5.0%
3.2%
2.4%
18.1x
17.1x
16.0x
15.2x
NVS
Sell
8.7%
3.4%
4.8%
1.8%
16.6x
15.0x
13.6x
12.9x
ROCHE
Neutral
6.7%
5.0%
4.4%
3.9%
16.3x
15.3x
14.2x
13.4x
MRK
Buy
3.4%
2.7%
2.4%
2.0%
15.9x
14.5x
14.6x
14.4x
ABBV
Neutral
7.5%
6.4%
4.9%
4.1%
15.9x
14.3x
13.2x
12.8x
GILD
Neutral
7.8%
6.1%
5.0%
3.4%
15.2x
14.3x
13.1x
12.2x
AZN
Buy
11.8%
8.5%
6.9%
4.6%
14.1x
12.7x
11.3x
10.1x
NVO
Neutral
9.6%
5.3%
6.6%
3.3%
14.0x
12.8x
11.8x
10.6x
REGN
Buy
9.6%
5.7%
6.3%
4.3%
13.8x
12.4x
11.4x
10.4x
BIIB
Buy
5.6%
5.9%
2.0%
2.6%
13.5x
12.3x
11.8x
11.5x
TEVA
Buy
11.2%
9.7%
4.7%
4.2%
11.9x
10.6x
9.6x
8.7x
BMY
Neutral
(8.9%)
(3.3%)
(8.3%)
(4.4%)
10.2x
12.0x
13.6x
13.6x
PFE
Neutral
(4.7%)
(2.8%)
(3.2%)
(1.8%)
9.9x
11.7x
11.9x
11.5x
GSK
Neutral
3.5%
3.9%
1.0%
0.6%
9.9x
9.5x
9.0x
8.9x
SNY
Neutral
8.0%
3.5%
4.5%
1.0%
8.3x
7.6x
7.1x
6.6x
Mean
7.0%
5.5%
4.1%
3.0%
15.3x
14.2x
13.2x
12.3x
Median
7.9%
5.5%
4.7%
3.4%
14.7x
13.5x
13.2x
12.5x
EPS CAGR
Revenue CAGR
P/E
 
 
Source: Visible Alpha Consensus Data, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
6 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 10]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Asad Haider, CFA, Salveen Richter, CFA, James Quigley, Rajan Sharma, Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D., Nick Jennings and Jeff Su, hereby certify that all of the 
views expressed in this report accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify 
that no part of our compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Asad Haider, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Salveen Richter, CFA Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, James Quigley Goldman Sachs 
International, Rajan Sharma Goldman Sachs International, Matt Dellatorre, Ph.D. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Nick Jennings Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Jeff 
Su Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
6 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 11]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
6 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 12]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
6 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 


[Page 13]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
6 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
Global Healthcare: Pharmaceuticals
 
 
