[Page 1]
GS Gillard - Commods All time high copper 7 Sep 2026
Adam Gillard  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Commodities
Mon 7 Sep 2026, 12:19pm ET
Summary: LME copper makes a new all-time-high on 80% YTD adv. Despite the catchy headline we
don’t think there is anything new today; vol is offered as flat price moves higher and we think option
positioning is 3/10 max. Think the franchise has 4/10 futures length to play a grind higher as LME
continues to tighten on strong US imports. We have modest length mainly via LME spreads. As stated
previously, the damage has been done; the threat of a US tariff was enough to shift all surplus metal to the
US. Current dynamic of high imports, financed be Wall Street, without an inflationary tariff, is optimal
from the administrations perspective; if imports drop off think tariff rhetoric changes given continued
Critical Mineral security concerns.
Side-note: Never in my career did I think we’d see both (global) inventory and price on the highs together.
No shortage of copper, just all in the wrong place (CMX). Regional deficit trading gtc.
Mine supply: Running negative y/y but this is not new; with global inventory up YTD hard to argue
against being in a (global) cathode surplus. TCs a red herring. Frankly none of this matters; think we’ll be
trading regional deficits for the foreseeable.
US Imports: Remain firm; August should be ~200k MT whilst MTD September is already tracking at 77k
MT basis ship-tracking data. We think the US has over-imported 730k MT YTD.


[Page 2]
LME Spreads: Which is why LME term structure keeps flaring; smelters can’t run concentrate related
shorts to prompt anymore to compensate for the lower headline TC given there is so little available metal
outside of China / US.
Chinese Positioning: Not stretched despite low domestic inventory; think they struggle adding length on
the ATH with relatively tepid end-demand


[Page 3]
Scrap: Remains tight with secondary rod production still contracting by 50% y/y which is supporting
cathode / apparent demand (& continued outperformance vs end demand)
Chinese Inventory: Continues to draw, both upstream (-41% y/y) and downstream (-8% y/y), in part due to
scrap related tightness
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 7 September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
