[Page 1]
7 September 2026, 15:25 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
How can I invest in transformational innovation?
UBS House View Briefcase
Ulrike Hoffmann-Burchardi, Chief Investment Officer Americas and Global Head of Equities, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Delwin Kurnia Limas, 
CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch; Nathaniel Gabriel, CFA, CIO Equity Strategist, Materials & Industrial, UBS Financial Services Inc. 
(UBS FS); Eric Potoker, CIO Equity Strategist, US Health care, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS); Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Key message
We think investors can complement diversified equity portfolios 
with targeted exposure to AI, Power and resources, and Longevity. 
AI remains a powerful driver of earnings growth and investment, 
electrification and rising data-center demand should continue to 
support Power and resources, while clinical innovation underpins 
long-term growth in Longevity.
01
We have strong conviction in the long-term potential 
gains offered by AI.
• We estimate that overall AI-related capex will rise to USD 1.2tr in 
2027, with agentic AI the next growth leg.
• The heightened volatility in semiconductor shares this year has 
underscored the risk of single-stock concentration.
• We favor a diversified and balanced exposure across the AI value 
chain—from select semiconductors and hardware to megacap tech 
and more defensive areas of the industry.
02
Structural demand and the energy transition support 
long-term investment in power and resources.
• Opportunities to invest in the power and resources value chain 
span grid resilience, renewables, nuclear, industrial automation, and 
critical minerals.
• Recent earnings point to sustained demand for electrification, grid 
modernization, data-center infrastructure, automation, and clean-
power capacity, with strong order trends and guidance supporting 
the outlook for equipment and infrastructure providers.
• Exposure to copper and aluminum is backed by structural demand 
drivers, while utilities offer visible earnings growth, dividend support, 
and a constructive medium-term outlook.
03
Companies offering products and services to extend 
healthy lifespans should continue to gain traction.
• We are constructive on the long-term outlook for obesity 
treatments as greater supply and lower pricing are enabling broader 
patient access.
• Multiple late-stage trial results in cancer, cardio-metabolic 
conditions, and neurology in the coming months could provide 
further catalysts.
• By 2030, we estimate annual revenues in the global longevity 
market could reach USD 8tr, up from USD 5.3tr in 2023.
New this week
Quarterly results from Broadcom provided 
further evidence that demand for AI 
infrastructure remains strong. The company 
raised its forecast for AI-chip revenue in the 
fiscal year ending October 2027 to about USD 
115bn from more than USD 100bn previously.
One liner
We favor a diversified approach to investing in 
transformational innovation, enabling investors 
to stay at the forefront of change, seek long-
term growth, and manage specific risks.
Did you know?
• With hyperscalers raising their 2026 capital 
expenditure estimates and projecting further 
increases in 2027, we now expect overall AI 
spending to hit USD 900bn this year and USD 
1.2tr in 2027.
• Data centers could account for up to 9% of 
total US electricity use by 2035 (versus around 
4% currently), based on Bloomberg New 
Energy Finance forecasts.
• For global obesity drugs (GLP-1s), we forecast 
12% revenue growth per year on average 
through 2030, driven by rapid adoption, 
potential clinical benefits stretching beyond 
weight-loss treatment, expanding insurance 
coverage, and potential launches of oral 
GLP-1s.
Investment view
We believe that exposure to structural trends 
will remain a key differentiator for equity 
market performance over the long run. We see 
transformational innovation opportunities in 
Artificial intelligence, Power and resources, and 
Longevity.
This report has been prepared by   UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS) and UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures 
that begin on page 2.
Page 1 of 3


[Page 2]
Disclaimer
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
UBS CIO WM    7 September 2026     Page 2 of 3


[Page 3]
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
UBS CIO WM    7 September 2026     Page 3 of 3
