[Page 1]
 
BofA Securities does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research 
reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
Refer to important disclosures on page 3 to 4.  
 
 
 
US Banks 
Reminder: BofA Expert Insights: Mapping 
the future of digital asset regulation 
Invitation 
   
 
      
Topic 
Join Ebrahim Poonawala, Head of North American Banks Research, for a timely 
discussion on the evolving U.S. crypto regulatory landscape. Our panel of senior legal 
experts will examine the SEC's new crypto proposal, key developments tied to GENIUS 
Act rulemaking, and the path forward for the CLARITY Act, with a focus on implications 
for financial institutions, capital markets, and digital asset adoption.  
Ebrahim will be joined by:  
Colin Lloyd, Partner, Sullivan & Cromwell’s Commodities, Futures and Derivatives and 
Capital Markets Groups, where he advises clients on securities and derivatives 
regulation, enforcement, and policy matters.  
Mario Schollmeyer, Partner, Sullivan & Cromwell’s Capital Markets Group. He advises 
clients on capital markets transactions, SEC regulatory matters, disclosure requirements, 
and corporate governance.  
Ryan Adams, Partner, Morrison Foerster’s Public Company Advisory & Governance 
practice and a former attorney in the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance. He advises 
clients on securities regulation, SEC reporting, and regulatory developments. 
Val Dahiya, Partner, Morrison Foerster’s Broker-Dealer Compliance & Regulation and 
Capital Markets practices, Co-Lead of the firm’s Digital Assets practice within the 
Fintech Group, and Co-Head of its Securities & Derivatives Regulatory Solutions team.   
 
Host Speaker(s) 
Ebrahim H. Poonawala, Head of 
North American Banks Research, 
BofA Global Research   
Guest Speaker(s) 
Ryan Adams, Partner, Morrison 
Foerster  
Val Dahiya, Co-head of Securities, 
Morrison Foerster 
Mario Schollmeyer, Partner, Sullivan 
& Cromwell 
Colin Lloyd, Partner, Sullivan & 
Cromwell 
 
Date and Time 
Friday, September 11, 2026 10:00 AM Eastern 
Time 
Webcast Information 
This call requires a secure authentication for 
each participant to join. Register for the event 
and join the webcast here. The secure 
authentication link can only be used once per 
event. 
Webcast Replay Details 
Replay the webcast event here 
 
For public appearance disclosures related to this event, refer to important disclosures on page 3 
of this invitation.  
In connection with hosting virtual research events, BofA Global Research (“BofA”) collects your 
name, business/firm name, business address, business email address, and phone number 
08 September 2026   
Equity 
United States 
Banks 
Related Research 
US Banks: The New Money Stack: Stablecoins, 
Tokenization, and the Future of Finance 
US Banks: On-Chain: Expert Insights 
Takeaways: Stablecoins, Tokenization and the 
Race for CLARITY 
US Banks: Expert insights with Rodgin Cohen: 
pendulum resets—what comes next? 05 June 
2026 
Accessible version 


[Page 2]
 
 
 
 
2 
US Banks | 08 September 2026 
 
 
 
(“Data”). This Data may be used, for example, to provide notifications concerning the BofA 
Global Research event, administration of the event, to answer frequently asked questions, to 
ensure that you have event materials and up to date information relating to that event, contact 
you for post event surveys, answer your request for a sales dialogue, determining the 
effectiveness of our event campaigns, and data analytics. Your name and business name may 
be shared with the speaker of the event (e.g., corporate, law firm, consultant) for their use. This 
notice is in addition to other privacy notices related to other products and services that Bank of 
America provides to clients and individuals. Please contact your BofA representative if you have 
any questions. Privacy & Security 
