[Page 1]
See Appendix A-1 for Analyst Certification, Important Disclosures and Research Analyst Affiliations.
The Point for Europe
Wednesday, 09 September 2026
Top Call | Company | Industry | Strategy & Economics | Fixed Income & FX | Key Rating and Target Price 
Changes
 
Top Call
Global Equity Strategy - Back to School: Constructive on Broadening, Alert to 
Risks
Global equities traded sideways over the past month, as markets weigh up 
competing forces likely to shape the path to year-end. On the positive side, the 
global economy remains resilient, global EPS forecasts have seen continued 
upgrades (to a very robust +33% in 26E), and “broadening” market performance is 
finally taking shape. On the negative side, the conflict in Iran remains unresolved, 
Fed hikes could be approaching, and election-related volatility could reassert 
itself. In the end, solid fundamentals should underpin continued gains for global 
equities to mid-27, with leadership shared by a combination of Cyclical and 
Growth sectors (Overweight global Financials, Materials, Tech). However, we 
acknowledge that risks around equities are more finely balanced, as negative 
macro/political developments could compound volatility from stepped-up 
scrutiny around the global AI trade. 
Beata M Manthey, Ph.D. | David Groman | Nikhil N Jadhav, CFA
Novartis AG (NOVN.S) - Lowering TP to CHF135 post recent pipeline events but 
maintain Buy
Following the recent pipeline updates from Novartis (positive headline 
remibrutinib MS data, PIII misses for pelacarsen (Lp(a)) and del-desiran (DM1) and 
pausing of trials of YTB323 due to fatal adverse events), partially offset by positive 
remibrutinib PIII MS data, we lower our EPS estimates 1–7% and TP to $135 from 
$142. Despite this, we maintain our Buy rating given our new TP still represents 
24% total return following yesterday’s sell-off, Novartis’s reiterated 5–6% 25–30E 
sales growth target, and our 5.3% remains above consensus and we see positive 
risk-reward into remibrutinib data in hidradenitis suppurativa 4Q26.
Graham Parry | Leolie Telford-Cooke Ph.D. | Amy Y Mao | Jelena Milovic | Mahesh Mohankumar
Western Europe Aerospace & Defense - Stock crowding: Consensus Long with a 
more bearish positioning across A&D
The Quant team’s data shows that European A&D remains consensus long 
crowded, although positioning became more bearish w/w as short crowding 
increased across all names in our coverage. This suggests investors are becoming 
more cautious, alongside a broad decline in historical valuation rankings. Within 
the consensus long bucket, Rolls-Royce remains the clearest long, while BAE, 
Leonardo, Rheinmetall and Thales also retain strong long positioning despite 
_
_
Must Read
Global Economic Outlook & Strategy - 
Renewed Uncertainties—But 
Continued Resilience
Point |


[Page 2]
 
2
higher short crowding w/w. In the two-way debate quadrant, Airbus and Safran 
saw shorts build, while Melrose reversed last week’s positive move and saw the 
largest decline in long crowding w/w. MTU also remains a two-way debate and 
continues to be heavily short crowded. Hensoldt moved into consensus short after 
a sharp increase in short positioning w/w, joining Babcock, Dassault and Renk. 
QinetiQ remains the only name in the investor apathy zone.
Rodrigo Campo | Charles J Armitage
European Aerospace & Defense - The Missing Driver In The Commercial 
Aftermarket: Airline Margins
We know that aftermarket profits are heavily influenced by airline flight-hours, but 
our analysis suggests airline margins may be a better predictor of total shareholder 
return (TSR). We looked at the performance of aftermarket TSR over the last 15 
years and airline fundamentals such as capacity, revenue and profits, segmenting 
TSR out between earnings growth and multiple. For Safran and MTU the data 
shows a clear positive correlation between aftermarket profit growth and both 
airline capacity growth and margins, with the market then de-rating these factors 
somewhat and dampening the link with TSR. This de-rating is more pronounced 
for capacity growth, leaving airline margins as the best explainer for TSR. For Rolls 
Royce, which is less of a pure play aftermarket operator, we do not observe the 
same de-rating, but airline profit growth and margin still tend to better explain 
TSR than capacity growth. 
Conor Dwyer | Charles J Armitage
Company
Novartis AG (NOVN.S) - Del-desiran fail disappointing but still on track to beat 
cons '25-30E
Novartis announced that the del-desiran (DM1) HARBOUR PIII study failed to meet 
its primary endpoint (video hand opening time, vHOT) vs. placebo but showed 
evidence of clinical activity in secondary and exploratory endpoints and plans to 
engage with regulatory determine the appropriate development path. Given failure 
on primary endpoint, we think imminent filing is unlikely and PoS likely 
significantly reduced. We currently include risk-adjusted peak sales of $2.2bn (in-
line cons), removal of which would see 3.7% NPV downside. The news comes 
shortly after the miss on pelacarsen (-2% to NPV) but positive remibrutinib MS 
data (+2% NPV pending details ACTRIMS Oct 23rd). Novartis reiterated its 5-6% 
'25-30E sales guide (above cons 4.9%) and we note removing pelacarsen and del-
desiran from our model completely would still forecast 5.3% with potential upside 
from detailed remibrutinib MS and pending HS (4Q26, $1.7bn peak potential, $1bn 
in model) data. Maintain Buy. 
Graham Parry | Leolie Telford-Cooke Ph.D. | Amy Y Mao | Jelena Milovic | Mahesh Mohankumar
AstraZeneca PLC (AZN.L) - Tozorakimab blowout PIII data at ERS, suggests at 
least $7bn peak potential; c.2x consensus - 5% DCF upside
We see the detailed tozorakimab (IL-33, COPD) PIII data presented at ERS today 
as blowout and supportive of our upside case of $7bn peak sales (c2x cons) with: 1) 
Primary endpoint met across former smokers with 29-34% exacerbation reduction 
(RR); 2) 29-30% RR in overall popln of former and current smokers; 3) Efficacy 
shown across all baseline eosinophil (BEC) subgroups (43% ≥300 cells/uL; 25% 
150-300; 23% <150) suggesting: a) broad use across all populations; and b) better 
data than SAN's Dupixent and GSK's Nucala on X-trial basis in BEC ≥300, where 
these are approved, and without the need for eosinophil testing. Given broad 
efficacy across patient groups and impressive efficacy in the BEC ≥300 group 
relative to Dupixent, we see data a consistent with our upside peak sales of at 


[Page 3]
 
3
least $7bn c.2x consensus $3.7bn, which would represent 5% upside to DCF (more 
than SERENA-4+AVANZAR downside 4.3%). Maintain Buy....
Graham Parry | Amy Y Mao | Leolie Telford-Cooke Ph.D. | Jelena Milovic | Mahesh Mohankumar
Sanofi SA (SASY.PA) - Lunsekimig PII asthma data positive but PIII needed to 
establish differentiation
Sanofi presented detailed AIRCULES PII data for lunsekimig (IL-13 x TSLP) in 
asthma at ERS, confirming stat sig and clinically meaningful reduction in 
annualised asthma exacerbation rate (AAER) (primary endpoint), with lunsekimig 
300mg Q4W achieving 55.3% RRR vs. placebo (no eosinophil cut-off used). We 
note this compares to 56% AAER RRR for Tezspire in NAVIGATOR PIII (which is 
reduced from 71% AAER RRR in the PATHWAY PII), with cross-trial caveats. The 
most common adverse events were nasopharyngitis (9.6%), upper respiratory tract 
infection (12.2%), and injection site reaction (9%) - serious adverse events leading 
to treatment discontinuation were balanced between the lunsekimig and placebo 
arms. As a reminder, PIII trials PERSEPHONE and THESEUS for lunsekimig in 
COPD are ongoing (we expect data 1Q30). We model EUR1.8bn peak potential for 
lunsekimig across both COPD and asthma (predominantly COPD given in PIII), 
risk-adjusted to EUR1bn (59% PoS), contributing 2% to DCF. Maintain... 
Graham Parry | Leolie Telford-Cooke Ph.D. | Amy Y Mao | Jelena Milovic | Mahesh Mohankumar
Nokia OYJ (NOKIA.HE) - Citi Global TMT Conference Takeaways
We hosted meetings with Nokia CFO, Marco Wiren, on Day 1 of our Global TMT 
Conference. The discussion focused on the company's positioning in AI 
infrastructure, where the key message was that demand remains exceptionally 
strong across both optical and IP networking, with Nokia increasingly benefiting 
from hyperscaler and neo-cloud investments. Management reiterated that current 
growth is primarily volume-driven, supported by a supply-constrained industry 
backdrop, while maintaining confidence that optical margins can ultimately 
approach peers as scale increases and current investment levels moderate.
Pavan Daswani, CFA
Kone (KNEBV.HE) - Feedback from Edinburgh investor meetings
We hosted Kone's CFO Ilkka Hara and IR Natalia Valtasaari for investor meetings in 
Edinburgh. Key topics of discussion were the margin bridge into next year, and the 
TKE deal. Management remains confident on hitting a 13%+ margin for 2027, 
thanks in particular to performance excellence, operating leverage, and mix. On 
the TKE deal, Kone was able to do substantial due diligence ahead of time, and 
remains confident in their EUR700m synergy target. 
Vivek Midha, CFA
Partners Group Holding AG (PGHN.S) - Maintain Neutral Rating Given Near Term 
Headwinds
Citi hosted Partners Group management in London following 1H26 results. In this 
report, we provide feedback and update (increase) earnings estimates. Discussion 
focused on lessons from recent challenges, evergreen-related headwinds, fee 
margin and performance income outlook, and leadership transition. Following the 
July AUM update, we highlighted evergreen rationalisation implied a slower growth 
trajectory. While 1H26 earnings reinforced that margin compression will likely 
further impede top-line growth, we were encouraged by improving PE KPIs and 
insurance ambition, which should provide increasing support to fundraising and 
growth over time. While we believe the shares could offer attractive value once 
through the current transitional period, we see internal and external franchise 
risks resulting in elevated uncertainty and a wide range of potential outcomes in 
an already high-beta sector. As such, we maintain our Neutral/High Risk rating 
and our TP at CHF680, implying 14x Citi FY28E P/E. 


[Page 4]
 
4
Nicholas Herman
Sodexo (EXHO.PA) - FY26 preview; modest upside risk to EBIT estimates but 
contract churn and US employment tempers FY27 growth
We see 1.5% upside to Visible Alpha consensus adj. EBIT for FY26 with FY27 
broadly in-line given 1) what we see as some embedded conservatism in 2026 
guidance, 2) USA return-to-office data indicate continued improvement in office 
attendance supporting Q4 LfL volumes, though partly offset by our weighted 
catering end-market employment proxy decelerating and 3) our global weighted 
inflation tracker slowed to 1.5% in July, but oil-related pressure suggests only 
modest FY27 pricing deceleration. Our FY27 organic growth expectation is broadly 
in line with consensus as significant wins including Meta, are offset by losses 
including Yvelines and UC Health. See Shift & Grow 2030 investor update analysis 
and model update for CMD feedback. Sodexo’s valuation discount to peers has 
significantly narrowed, raising the execution threshold for the anticipated margin 
recovery, and given the mixed picture around net new, we remain Neutral.
Leo Carrington | Ajay Nandal
Seplat Energy (SEPL.L) - Model Update; Raise TP to 875p
We update our model post 2Q. The 10% offshore divestment to NNPC sees our 
EBITDA estimates reduced by 24% on avg (2026-30E) given lower production. 
That said, a concurrent reduction in capex puts the transaction as broadly neutral 
on a FCF basis, in our view. Seplat remains one of the top EM energy performers 
YTD as the market looks for beta to oil prices and lower geographic risk. And whilst 
this re-rating sees a valuation (6.7x '28E EV/DACF, mid-60s oil) that is closer to 
E&P peers, on a reserve basis, Seplat is at 40% discount (6x EV/2P vs 11x peer 
group) and with better growth. The continued de-risking of this deep resource 
base - underpinned by a framework that is close to net cash and a much-improved 
Nigerian CoE - can drive further upside. Our TP of 875p (previously 665p) equates 
to ~8x EV/2P and still a meaningful discount to peers. 
Oliver G Connor
Industry
UK Retail - UK Discretionary Retail Data mixed for Aug-26, limited sequential 
improvement vs July 
BRC / Barclaycard data suggests mixed trends for Aug-26 UK Discretionary Retail 
Sales (Figure 1) with sales -0.8% / +2.1% YoY (vs. -0.7% / +1.6% in Jul-26). Notably 
the BRC 2yr stack suggests some sequential improvement in Aug-26 with Non-
Food Retail +1.0% (vs. +0.7% in Jul-26), albeit Total Retail is down c.-40bps 
sequentially. Barclaycard data (to 20th Aug) does not capture the 31-Aug bank 
holiday (likely to be a key back-to-school shopping period) but suggests positive 
growth for the Electronics category. BRC (data to 29th Aug) comments that: “With 
the cost of households bills rising, and set to rise further, many shoppers have 
clearly been tightening their belts.” BRC also highlighted a reduction in 
discretionary, furniture and appliance spending. Incrementally we see this as a 
neutral read for our coverage given mixed trends across the two data sets.
Monique Pollard | Vandita Sood | Elizabeth Moore | Jamie Bass
Western Europe Airlines - Airline Positioning Data: Most Pronounced Drop In 
Ryanair Positioning We Have Seen
We publish long and short positioning data for European airlines using our quant 
team’s data (including w/w and m/m changes). Key developments – European 
Airlines’ positioning turned sharply more bearish both w/w and m/m. Ryanair saw 
the largest move negative both w/w and m/m, with overall positioning now in the 
“consensus short” quadrant. Investors have been increasingly worried about high 
shorthaul capacity growth and fare pressure in a high fuel environment, and have 


[Page 5]
 
5
favoured more longhaul exposure as a result. Ryanair’s recent cuts to winter 
capacity will help, while we also expect smaller operators to follow suit should fuel 
remain elevated. IAG is the only airline in our coverage where positioning has 
turned more positive both w/w and m/m, and is the closest there is to a consensus 
long in the sector. AF-KLM remains in the two-way debate quadrant, while 
Lufthansa and Wizz are still the most consensual shorts. 
Conor Dwyer
Artificial Intelligence - Implementing AI & Robotics: Wonder - Day 1 Takeaways 
from Citi's Global TMT Conference
Marc Lore, the CEO of Wonder, joined us on September 8, 2026, at our Global TMT 
Conference in NYC for a discussion on the company’s long-term vision for 
autonomous food production and delivery, its expanding robotics platform, and 
the role of AI in enabling restaurant creation at software-like speed. Wonder’s 
2040 vision is to make cooking optional by offering personalized meals at costs 
potentially below groceries. While the near-term opportunity centers on AI-
enabled restaurant creation and purpose-built automation, the longer-term vision 
depends on scaling a vertically integrated network spanning production, 
personalization, and delivery. Key takeaways below. 
Heath Terry | Shelby Spencer | Ashley Kim | Janna Withrow
Artificial Intelligence - Enterprise Technology Leadership Keynote – Day 1 Citi 
Global TMT Conference Takeaways
We hosted Tim Ryan, Citi's Head of Technology and Business Enablement, for a 
keynote session on September 8, 2026, at our Global TMT Conference in NYC, 
moderated by Heath Terry. The discussion offered a ground-level view of how large 
financial institutions are operationalizing AI at scale, spanning infrastructure 
modernization, workforce transformation, and the emerging shift from efficiency 
to revenue generation. Key takeaways below. 
Heath Terry
Artificial Intelligence - Genspark and Cresta Intelligence - Day 1 Takeaways 
from Citi's Global TMT Conference
We hosted Wen Sang, the Co-Founder and COO of Genspark, and Ping Wu, the 
CEO of Cresta Intelligence, for a fireside chat on September 8, 2026, at our Global 
TMT Conference in NYC. The discussion spanned the current state of agentic AI 
adoption, token economics and cost management, and the future of work. Key 
takeaways below. 
Heath Terry | Shelby Spencer | Ashley Kim | Janna Withrow
Global Artificial Intelligence - Uniphore - Day 1 Takeaways from Citi's Global 
TMT Conference
We hosted Umesh Sachdev, the CEO and Co-Founder of Uniphore, for a fireside 
chat on September 8, 2026, at our Global TMT Conference in NYC. Uniphore 
provides a sovereign AI platform that helps Fortune 2000 companies securely 
connect their proprietary data and domain knowledge with AI models and agents 
to build and deploy enterprise AI applications. The discussion highlighted how 
lower-cost specialized models, sovereign deployment, and agentic overlays could 
broaden enterprise AI adoption. Key takeaways follow.
Heath Terry | Shelby Spencer | Ashley Kim | Janna Withrow
Global Luxury Goods - Luxury Pricing Tracker: limited pricing activity in August 
amid ongoing normalisation
Citi’s Luxury Pricing Tracker monitors price movements across 19 major luxury 
brands in six key geographies, together accounting for 70-80% of industry sales. 
August was relatively quiet on the pricing front, with no major brand introducing 


[Page 6]
 
6
significant price hikes. Year-to-date, soft luxury pricing (Figures 7-8) contributed 
~1.5% annualised growth, down from ~2.5% in 2025, and mid-to-high single-digit 
annual growth during 2020-24. Hard luxury pricing (Figures 7-8) remains firmer at 
~3.0%, down from ~6% in 2025, largely reflecting the impact of elevated precious 
metal prices. We expect pricing growth to continue normalising across the sector, 
although Hermès and Richemont appear to retain scope for multi-year catch-up. 
Ongoing pressure on aspirational consumers suggests to us brands are 
increasingly focused on more balanced pricing architecture. Pricing alone is 
unlikely to offset weaker volume growth going forward but should remain 
supportive enough to underpin mid-single-digit cFX sales growth across the 
sector in FY27–28E.
Thomas Chauvet
Strategy & Economics
Global Quantitative Macro Strategy - Sector Flows Flash Update: Markets 
internals shift back to "Tightening financial conditions" fears as "Goldilocks" 
hopes fade
We give a flash update based on Citi equity sector flows. Both long only and hedge 
fund managers were net buyers last week. Long-only increased exposure in most 
sectors, especially Tech and Financials. Hedge funds bought back some Tech and 
added Industrials. Top three sectors based on the last 2m of flows were Health 
Care, Real Estate, and Materials, while Consumer Staples, Financials, and Tech 
were the bottom three. Our market-implied regime analysis suggests that market 
internals are currently most correlated with the "Tightening financial conditions" 
regimes as earlier hopes of "Goldilocks"/"Recovery" have materially faded. 
Continued geopolitical risks have provided a tailwind to Energy, while a hawkish 
speech from Chair Warsh at Jackson Hole and a strong US employment report 
prompted markets to reprice rates higher, causing headwind to rates sensitive 
sectors like Utilities, Real Estate, and Tech. Taken together, the resulting...
Alex Saunders | Vinh Vo
Fixed Income & FX
European Credit Monitor - Rates, AI and Positioning Implications
The concurrent rise in global bond yields and the steady stream of bond issuance 
from US hyperscalers have been core discussion themes over the summer. We 
explore the feedback loops between these themes and discuss how they influence 
our positioning views in European credit. This monthly slide deck also includes our 
updated supply and valuation charts. 
Srikanth Sankaran
Global FX Strategy - EUR already priced for ECB, US inflation matters more for 
USD
The ECB will likely hike rates 25bps this week, and risks skew hawkish. However, 
this is already well priced by markets, making the bar high for a material EURUSD 
move. If anything, US inflation data this week will be the bigger driver for FX in our 
view. We expect benign data, allowing markets to remove some of the hawkish 
premium in the curve. Ultimately, we think this will keep the Fed on hold in 
September, and the dovish repricing will weigh on the USD. We stay short USDCAD 
(current spot ref 1.3784 at 6:11pm) through data this week to express this view, 
while offering some protection should geopolitical escalation push energy higher 
(we see the latter as USD positive).
Daniel Tobon | Brian Levine | Osamu Takashima


[Page 7]
 
7
Global FX Flows Weekly - USD outflows, EM inflows
Citi Flows – USD saw net outflows this week driven by real money accounts. 
Meanwhile, EM aggregate saw net inflows driven by real money investors and 
banks. Regionally, Latam saw net inflows, with CEEMEA and Asia showing net 
outflows. 
Alex Saunders | Dirk Willer | Luis E Costa, CFA | Rohit Garg | Daniel Tobon
  


[Page 8]
 
8
Key Rating and Target Price Changes
Closing
Rating
Target Price
Analyst
Company
Ccy
Price ~New
Prior
Chg
~
New
Prior
Chg
Report
Andrew Lowe, CFA
Fineco Bank (FBK.MI)
EUR
23.21
nc
Buy
27.20
26.40
▲
Report
Graham Parry
Novartis AG (NOVN.S)
SFr
111.80
nc
Buy
135.00
142.00
▼
Report
Leo Carrington
Sodexo (EXHO.PA)
EUR
57.50
nc
Neutral / H
60.00
59.00
▲
Report
Oliver G Connor
Seplat Energy (SEPL.L)
£
7.44
nc
Buy / H
8.75
6.65
▲
Report
nc = no change     H = High Risk
Any price(s) of instruments mentioned in recommendations are as of the prior day’s market close on the primary market for the instrument, unless otherwise stated.
Refer to the Report for the date and details regarding the rating and/or target price change.
Source: Citi Research


[Page 9]
 
9
Click to Unsubscribe
If you are visually impaired and would like to speak to a Citi representative regarding the details 
of the graphics in this document, please call USA 1-888-500-5008 (TTY: 711), from outside the 
US +1-210-677-3788
Appendix A-1
ANALYST CERTIFICATION
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation and content of this research report are either (i) designated 
by “AC” in the author block or (ii) listed in bold alongside content which is attributable to that analyst. If multiple AC 
analysts are designated in the author block, each analyst is certifying with respect to the entire research report other than 
(a) content attributable to another AC certifying analyst listed in bold alongside the content and (b) views expressed solely 
with respect to a specific issuer which are attributable to another AC certifying analyst identified in the price charts or 
rating history tables for that issuer shown below. Each of these analysts certify, with respect to the sections of the report 
for which they are responsible: (1) that the views expressed therein accurately reflect their personal views about each 
issuer and security referenced and were prepared in an independent manner, including with respect to Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and its affiliates; and (2) no part of the research analyst's compensation was, is, or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by that research analyst in this report.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This product merely summarizes previously published research notes. To access the complete report along with the associated 
Analyst Certification, Issuer- or Analyst-specific Disclosures and non-US research analyst disclosures please click on the 
hyperlink alongside or in the headline of each excerpt above.
Analysts’ compensation is determined by Citi Research management and Citigroup’s senior management and is based upon 
activities and services intended to benefit the investor clients of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its affiliates (the “Firm”). 
Compensation is not linked to specific transactions or recommendations. Like all Firm employees, analysts receive 
compensation that is impacted by overall Firm profitability which includes investment banking, sales and trading, and 
principal trading revenues. One factor in equity research analyst compensation is arranging corporate access events between 
institutional clients and the management teams of covered companies. Typically, company management is more likely to 
participate when the analyst has a positive view of the company.
For financial instruments recommended in the Product in which the Firm is not a market maker, the Firm is a liquidity provider 
in such financial instruments (and any underlying instruments) and may act as principal in connection with transactions in 
such instruments. The Firm is a regular issuer of traded financial instruments linked to securities that may have been 
recommended in the Product. The Firm regularly trades in the securities of the issuer(s) discussed in the Product. The Firm may 
engage in securities transactions in a manner inconsistent with the Product and, with respect to securities covered by the 
Product, will buy or sell from customers on a principal basis.
Unless stated otherwise neither the Research Analyst nor any member of their team has viewed the material operations of the 
Companies for which an investment view has been provided within the past 12 months.
For important disclosures (including copies of historical disclosures) regarding the companies that are the subject of this Citi 
Research product ("the Product"), please contact Citi Research, 388 Greenwich Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY, 10013, 
Attention: Legal/Compliance [E6WYB6412478]. In addition, the same important disclosures, with the exception of the 
Valuation and Risk assessments and historical disclosures, are contained on the Firm's disclosure website at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.   Valuation and Risk assessments can be found in the 
text of the most recent research note/report regarding the subject company. Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation a 
history of all Citi Research recommendations published during the preceding 12-month period can be accessed via Citi Velocity 
(https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2) or your standard distribution portal. Historical disclosures (for up to the past three years) 
will be provided upon request.
Citi Research Equity Ratings Distribution
12 Month Rating
Catalyst Watch
Data current as of 01 Jul 2026
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Citi Research Global Fundamental Coverage (Neutral=Hold)
61%
32%
7%
36%
48%
16%
% of companies in each rating category that are investment banking 
clients
38%
42%
27%
42%
37%
36%
Guide to Citi Research Fundamental Research Investment Ratings:
Citi Research stock recommendations include an investment rating and an optional risk rating to highlight high risk stocks.
Risk rating takes into account both price volatility and fundamental criteria. Stocks will either have no risk rating or a High risk 
rating assigned.
Investment Ratings: Citi Research investment ratings are Buy, Neutral and Sell. Our ratings are a function of analyst 
expectations of expected total return ("ETR") and risk. ETR is the sum of the forecast price appreciation (or depreciation) plus 
the dividend yield for a stock within the next 12 months.  The target price is based on a 12 month time horizon. The Investment 
rating definitions are: Buy (1) ETR of 15% or more or 25% or more for High risk stocks; and Sell (3) for negative ETR. Any covered 
stock not assigned a Buy or a Sell is a Neutral (2). For stocks rated Neutral (2), if an analyst believes that there are insufficient 


[Page 10]
 
10
valuation drivers and/or investment catalysts to derive a positive or negative investment view, they may elect with the approval 
of Citi Research management not to assign a target price and, thus, not derive an ETR. Citi Research may suspend its rating 
and target price and assign “Rating Suspended” status for regulatory and/or internal policy reasons. Citi Research may also 
suspend its rating and target price and assign "Under Review" status for other exceptional circumstances (e.g. lack of 
information critical to the analyst's thesis, trading suspension) affecting the company and/or trading in the company's 
securities. In both such situations, the rating and target price will show as “—“ and “-“ respectively in the rating history price 
chart. Prior to 11 April 2022 Citi Research assigned “Under Review” status to both situations and prior to 11 Nov 2020 only in 
exceptional circumstances. As soon as practically possible, the analyst will publish a note re-establishing a rating and 
investment thesis. Investment ratings are determined by the ranges described above at the time of initiation of coverage, a 
change in investment and/or risk rating, or a change in target price (subject to limited management discretion). At times, the 
expected total returns may fall outside of these ranges because of market price movements and/or other short-term volatility 
or trading patterns. Such interim deviations will be permitted but will become subject to review by Research Management. 
Your decision to buy or sell a security should be based upon your personal investment objectives and should be made only 
after evaluating the stock's expected performance and risk.
Catalyst Watch/Short Term Views (“STV”) Ratings Disclosure:
Catalyst Watch and STV Upside/Downside calls: Citi Research may also include a Catalyst Watch or STV Upside or Downside 
call to indicate the analyst expects the share price to rise (fall) in absolute terms over a specified period of 30 or 90 days in 
reaction to one or more specific near-term catalysts or events impacting the company or the market. A Catalyst Watch will be 
published when Analyst confidence is high that an impact to share price will occur; it will be a STV when confidence level is 
moderate. A Catalyst Watch or STV Upside/Downside call will automatically expire at the end of the specified 30/90 day 
period. The Catalyst Watch will also be automatically removed if share price performance (calculated at market close) exceeds 
15% against the direction of the call (unless over-ridden by the analyst). The analyst may also remove a Catalyst Watch or STV 
call prior to the end of the specified period in a published research note. A Catalyst Watch/STV Upside or Downside call may be 
different from and does not affect a stock’s fundamental equity rating, which reflects a longer-term total absolute return 
expectation. For purposes of FINRA ratings-distribution-disclosure rules, a Catalyst Watch/STV Upside call corresponds to a 
buy recommendation and a Catalyst Watch/STV Downside call corresponds to a sell recommendation. Any stock not assigned 
to a Catalyst Watch Upside, Catalyst Watch Downside, STV Upside, or STV Downside call is considered Catalyst Watch/STV 
No View. For purposes of FINRA ratings distribution-disclosure rules, we correspond Catalyst Watch/STV No View to Hold in 
our ratings distribution table for our Catalyst Watch/STV Upside/Downside rating system. However, we reiterate that we do 
not consider No View to be a recommendation. For all Catalyst Watch/STV Upside/Downside calls, risk exists that the 
catalyst(s) and associated share-price movement will not materialize as expected.
Privately held companies:
The legal entities through which Citi conducts its business do not permit investment research recommendations, ratings, 
target prices, or estimates on any privately held companies (“private companies”) referenced herein. Citi Research does not 
utilize a rating system for private companies. Any information on private companies in this report is based on generally 
available information and, although obtained from sources believed by Citi to be reliable, its accuracy and completeness are 
not guaranteed. Private companies are generally not subject to reporting obligations, which may result in less publicly available 
information. The information contained in this report may differ from information a private company may subsequently make 
public or otherwise share with investors. Continuation of publishing private company reports or private company sections 
within reports is at Citi's discretion, in accordance with internal policies.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
Any price(s) of instruments mentioned in recommendations are as of the prior day’s market close on the primary market for the 
instrument, unless otherwise stated.
The completion and first dissemination of any recommendations made within this research report are as of the Eastern date-
time displayed at the top of the Product. If the Product references views of other analysts then please refer to the price chart or 
rating history table for the date/time of completion and first dissemination with respect to that view.
Regulations in various jurisdictions require that where a recommendation differs from any of the author’s previous 
recommendations concerning the same financial instrument or issuer that has been published during the preceding 12-month 
period that the change(s) and the date of that previous recommendation are indicated. For fundamental coverage please refer 
to the price chart or rating change history within this disclosure appendix or the issuer disclosure summary at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.
Citi Research has implemented policies for identifying, considering and managing potential conflicts of interest arising as a 
result of publication or distribution of investment research. A description of these policies can be found 
at  https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures. 
The proportion of all Citi Research research recommendations that were the equivalent to "Buy","Hold","Sell" at the end of each 
quarter over the prior 12 months (with the % of these that had received investment firm services from Citi in the prior 12 months 
shown in brackets) is as follows; Q2 2026 Buy 33%(63%), Hold 44% (51%), Sell 23% (49%), RV 0.5% (87%): Q1 2026 Buy 33% 
(63%), Hold 44% (52%), Sell 23% (46%), RV 0.5% (89%); Q4 2025 Buy 33% (63%), Hold 44% (50%), Sell 23% (46%), RV 0.4% 
(91%); Q3 2025 Buy 33%(61%), Hold 44% (52%), Sell 23% (50%), RV 0.4% (80%). For the purposes of disclosing 
recommendations other than for equity (whose definitions can be found in the corresponding disclosure sections), "Buy" 
means a positive directional trade idea; "Sell" means a negative directional trade idea; and "Relative Value" means any trade 
idea which does not have a clear direction to the investment strategy.
European regulations require a 5 year price history when past performance of a security is referenced. CitiVelocity’s Charting 
Tool (https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2/#go/CHARTING_3_Equities) provides the facility to create customisable price charts 
including a five year option. This tool can be found in the Data & Analytics section under any of the asset class menus in 


[Page 11]
 
11
CitiVelocity (https://www.citivelocity.com/). For further information contact CitiVelocity support 
(https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2/go/CLIENT_SUPPORT). The source for all referenced prices, unless otherwise stated, is 
DataCentral, which sources price information from LSEG Data & Analytics. Past performance is not a guarantee or reliable 
indicator of future results. Forecasts are not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future performance.
Investors should always consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of an ETF carefully before 
investing. The applicable prospectus and key investor information document (as applicable) for an ETF should contain this and 
other information about such ETF. It is important to read carefully any such prospectus before investing. Clients may obtain 
prospectuses and key investor information documents for ETFs from the applicable distributor or authorized participant, the 
exchange upon which an ETF is listed and/or from the applicable website of the applicable ETF issuer. The value of the 
investments and any accruing income may fall or rise. Any past performance, prediction or forecast is not indicative of future or 
likely performance. Any information on ETFs contained herein is provided strictly for illustrative purposes and should not be 
deemed an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase units of any ETF either explicitly or implicitly. The opinions 
expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of ETF issuers, any of their agents or their affiliates.
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited and/or its affiliates may have, from time to time, actual or beneficial ownership 
of 1% or more in the debt securities of the subject issuer.
Please be advised that pursuant to Executive Order 13959 as amended (the “Order”), U.S. persons are prohibited from 
investing in securities of any company determined by the United States Government to be the subject of the Order. This 
research is not intended to be used or relied upon in any way that could result in a violation of the Order. Investors are 
encouraged to rely upon their own legal counsel for advice on compliance with the Order and other economic sanctions 
programs administered and enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.
This communication is directed at persons who are "Eligible Clients" as such term is defined in the Israeli Regulation of 
Investment Advice, Investment Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management law, 1995 (the "Advisory Law"). Within Israel, 
this communication is not intended for retail clients and Citi will not make such products or transactions available to retail 
clients or to non-Eligible Clients. The presenter is not licensed as investment advisor or investment marketer by the Israeli 
Securities Authority (“ISA”) and this communication does not constitute investment or marketing advice. The information 
contained herein may relate to matters that are not regulated by the ISA. Any securities which are the subject of this 
communication may not be offered or sold to any Israeli person except pursuant to a security offering exemption according to 
the Israeli Securities Law, 1968and the public offering rules provided thereunder.
Citi Research broadly and simultaneously disseminates its research content to the Firm’s institutional and retail clients via the 
Firm’s proprietary electronic distribution platforms (e.g., Citi Velocity and various Global Wealth platforms). As a convenience, 
certain, but not all, research content may be distributed through third party aggregators. Clients may receive published 
research reports by email, on a discretionary basis, and only after such research content has been broadly disseminated. 
Certain research is made available only to institutional investors to satisfy regulatory requirements. The level and types of 
services provided by Citi Research analysts to clients may vary depending on various factors such as the client’s individual 
preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communications from analysts, the client’s risk profile and investment 
focus and perspective (e.g. market-wide, sector specific, long term, short-term etc.), the size and scope of the overall client 
relationship with the Firm and legal and regulatory constraints.
Pursuant to Comissão de Valores Mobiliários Resolução 20 and ASIC Regulatory Guide 264, Citi is required to disclose whether 
a Citi related company or business has a commercial relationship with the subject company. Considering that Citi operates 
multiple businesses in more than 100 countries around the world, it is likely that Citi has a commercial relationship with the 
subject company.
Securities recommended, offered, or sold by the Firm: (i) are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) are 
not deposits or other obligations of any insured depository institution (including Citibank); and (iii) are subject to investment 
risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. The Product is for informational purposes only and is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in the 
Product must take into account existing public information on such security or any registered prospectus. Although 
information has been obtained from and is based upon sources that the Firm believes to be reliable, we do not guarantee its 
accuracy and it may be incomplete and condensed. Note, however, that the Firm has taken all reasonable steps to determine 
the accuracy and completeness of the disclosures made in the Important Disclosures section of the Product. The Firm's 
research department has received assistance from the subject company(ies) referred to in this Product including, but not 
limited to, discussions with management of the subject company(ies). Firm policy prohibits research analysts from sending 
draft research to subject companies. However, it should be presumed that the author of the Product has had discussions with 
the subject company to ensure factual accuracy prior to publication. Statements and views concerning ESG (environmental, 
social, governance) factors are typically based upon public statements made by the affected company or other public news, 
which the author may not have independently verified. ESG factors are one consideration that investors may choose to 
examine when making investment decisions. All opinions, projections and estimates constitute the judgment of the author as 
of the date of the Product and these, plus any other information contained in the Product, are subject to change without 
notice. Prices and availability of financial instruments also are subject to change without notice. Notwithstanding other 
departments within the Firm advising the companies discussed in this Product, information obtained in such role is not used in 
the preparation of the Product. Although Citi Research does not set a predetermined frequency for publication, if the Product is 
a fundamental equity or credit research report, it is the intention of Citi Research to provide research coverage of the covered 
issuers, including in response to news affecting the issuer. For non-fundamental research reports, Citi Research may not 
provide regular updates to the views, recommendations and facts included in the reports. Notwithstanding that Citi Research 
maintains coverage on, makes recommendations concerning or discusses issuers, Citi Research may be periodically restricted 
from referencing certain issuers due to legal or policy reasons. Where a component of a published trade idea is subject to a 


[Page 12]
 
12
restriction, the trade idea will be removed from any list of open trade ideas included in the Product. Upon the lifting of the 
restriction, the trade idea will either be re-instated in the open trade ideas list if the analyst continues to support it or it will be 
officially closed. Citi Research may provide different research products and services to different classes of customers (for 
example, based upon long-term or short-term investment horizons) that may lead to differing conclusions or 
recommendations that could impact the price of a security contrary to the recommendations in the alternative research 
product, provided that each is consistent with the rating system for each respective product.
Investing in non-U.S. securities, including ADRs, may entail certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be 
registered with, nor be subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be 
limited information available on foreign securities. Foreign companies are generally not subject to uniform audit and reporting 
standards, practices and requirements comparable to those in the U.S. Securities of some foreign companies may be less 
liquid and their prices more volatile than securities of comparable U.S. companies. In addition, exchange rate movements may 
have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in a foreign stock and its corresponding dividend payment for U.S. 
investors. Net dividends to ADR investors are estimated, using withholding tax rates conventions, deemed accurate, but 
investors are urged to consult their tax advisor for exact dividend computations. Investors who have received the Product from 
the Firm may be prohibited in certain states or other jurisdictions from purchasing securities mentioned in the Product from 
the Firm. Please ask your Financial Consultant for additional details. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. takes responsibility for the 
Product in the United States. Any orders by US investors resulting from the information contained in the Product may be 
placed only through Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
The Citigroup legal entity that takes responsibility for the production of the Product is the legal entity which the first 
named author is employed by. 
The Product is made available in Australia through Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited. (ABN 64 003 114 832 and 
AFSL No. 240992), participant of the ASX Group and regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments Commission. 
Citigroup Centre, 2 Park Street, Sydney, NSW 2000. Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited is not an Authorised 
Deposit-Taking Institution under the Banking Act 1959, nor is it regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Product is made available in Brazil by Citigroup Global Markets Brasil - CCTVM SA, which is regulated by CVM - Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários ("CVM"), BACEN - Brazilian Central Bank, APIMEC - Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de 
Investimento do Mercado de Capitais and ANBIMA – Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de 
Capitais. Av. Paulista, 1111 - 14º andar(parte) - CEP: 01311920 - São Paulo - SP. 
This Product is available in Chile through Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A., an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is 
regulated by the Comisión Para El Mercado Financiero. Enrique Foster Sur, 20, piso 6, Las Condes, Santiago, Chile. 
Disclosure for investors in the Republic of Colombia :This communication or message does not constitute a professional 
recommendation to make investment in the terms of article 2.40.1.1.2 of Decree 2555 de 2010 or the regulations that modify, 
substitute or complement it. Para la elaboración y distribución de informes de investigación y de comunicaciones generales de 
que trata este artículo no se requiere ser una entidad vigilada por la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia.
The Product is made available in Germany by Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG ("CGME"), which is regulated by the 
European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt fur 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht BaFin). Börsenplatz 9, 60313 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Unless otherwise specified, if the analyst who prepared this report is based in Hong Kong and it relates to “securities” (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)), the report is issued in Hong Kong by 
Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited. Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited is regulated by Hong Kong Securities and Futures 
Commission. If the report is prepared by a non-Hong Kong based analyst, please note that such analyst (and the legal entity 
that the analyst is employed by or accredited to) is not licensed/registered in Hong Kong and they do not hold themselves out 
as such. Please refer to the section “Research Analyst Affiliations / Non-US Research Analyst Disclosures” for the details of the 
employment entity of the analysts. 
The Product is made available in India by Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited (CGM), which is regulated by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000000438). CGM is also 
actively involved in the business of merchant banking (SEBI Registration No. INM000010718) and stock brokerage ((SEBI 
Registration No. INZ000263033) in India, and is registered with SEBI in this regard. Registration granted by SEBI, enlistment 
with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and certification from National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee 
performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. CGM’s registered office is at 1202, 12th Floor, 
First International Financial Centre (FIFC), G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400098 & registered Tel: 
+91 22 61759999. Citi maintains robust policies, procedures,controls, and training to ensure continued compliance with all 
applicable rulesand regulations. All recommendations contained herein are made by dulyqualified research analysts. CGM’s 
Corporate Identity Number is U99999MH2000PTC126657, and its Compliance Officer [Vishal Bohra] contact details are: 
Tel:+91-022-61759994, Fax:+91-022-61759851, Email: cgmcompliance@citi.com. The Investor Charter in respect of Research 
Analysts, the Compliance Audit Report and Complaints information can be found at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures. The grievance officer [Niraj Mody] contact details are 
Tel: +91-22-42775002, Email: EMEA.CR.Complaints@citi.com. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. 
Read all the related documents carefully before investing. SEBI prescribed Client Terms & Conditions can be found at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/rendition/authfilelinksvcs/eppublic/V1/file?paramData=ZmlsZU5hbWU9L1MzL0dETVMvcHVi
RGlzY2xvc3VyZUh0bWxzL2dkbV9kaXNfc2ViaV9UZXJtc29mVXNlLmh0bWw
The Product is made available in Indonesia through PT Citigroup Sekuritas Indonesia.  Citibank Tower 10/F, Pacific Century 
Place, SCBD lot 10, Jl. Jend Sudirman Kav 52-53, Jakarta 12190, Indonesia. Neither this Product nor any copy hereof may be 
distributed in Indonesia or to any Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled or to Indonesian residents except in 
compliance with applicable capital market laws and regulations. This Product is not an offer of securities in Indonesia. The 


[Page 13]
 
13
securities referred to in this Product have not been registered with the Capital Market and Financial Services Authority (OJK) 
pursuant to relevant capital market laws and regulations, and may not be offered or sold within the territory of the Republic of 
Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning 
of the Indonesian capital market laws and regulations. 
The Product is made available in Japan by Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. ("CGMJ"), which is regulated by Financial 
Services Agency, Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Tokyo Stock 
Exchange and Osaka Securities Exchange.  Otemachi Park Building, 1-1-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8132 Japan. In the 
event that an error is found in an CGMJ research report, a revised version will be posted on the Firm's Citi Velocity website.  If 
you have questions regarding Citi Velocity, please call (81 3) 6270-3019 for help. 
The product is made available in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in accordance with Saudi laws through Citigroup Saudi Arabia, 
which is regulated by the Capital Market Authority (CMA) under CMA license (17184-31). 2239 Al Urubah Rd – Al Olaya Dist. 
Unit No. 18, Riyadh 12214 – 9597, Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia.
The Product is made available in Korea by Citigroup Global Markets Korea Securities Ltd. (CGMK), which is regulated by the 
Financial Services Commission, the Financial Supervisory Service and the Korea Financial Investment Association (KOFIA). The 
address of CGMK is Citibank Center, 50 Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03184, Korea.   KOFIA makes available registration 
information of research analysts on its website.  Please visit the following website if you wish to find KOFIA registration 
information on research analysts of 
CGMK.  http://dis.kofia.or.kr/websquare/index.jsp?w2xPath=/wq/fundMgr/DISFundMgrAnalystList.xml&divisionId=MDIS0
3002002000000&serviceId=SDIS03002002000. The Product is made available in Korea by Citibank Korea Inc., which is 
regulated by the Financial Services Commission and the Financial Supervisory Service. Address is Citibank Center, 50 
Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03184, Korea. This research report is intended to be provided only to Professional Investors 
as defined in the Financial Investment Services and Capital Market Act and its Enforcement Decree in Korea. 
The Product is made available in Malaysia by Citigroup Global Markets Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Registration No. 199801004692 
(460819-D)) (“CGMM”) to its clients and CGMM takes responsibility for its contents as regards CGMM’s clients. CGMM is 
regulated by the Securities Commission Malaysia. Please contact CGMM at Level 43 Menara Citibank, 165 Jalan Ampang, 
50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the Product. 
The Product is made available in Mexico by Citi México Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V., Grupo Financiero Citi México which is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Prolongación Reforma 
1196, 24 floor, Colonia Santa Fe, Alcaldía Cuajimalpa de Morelos, C.P. 05348, Ciudad de México.
The Product is made available in Poland by Biuro Maklerskie Banku Handlowego (DMBH), separate department of Bank 
Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. a subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is regulated by Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego.  Biuro 
Maklerskie Banku Handlowego (DMBH), ul.Senatorska 16, 00-923 Warszawa. 
The Product is made available in Singapore through Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. (“CGMSPL”), a capital 
markets services and Exempt Financial Advisor license holder, and regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore. Please 
contact CGMSPL at 8 Marina View, 21st Floor Asia Square Tower 1, Singapore 018960, in respect of any matters arising from, 
or in connection with, the analysis of this document. This Product is intended for recipients who are accredited, expert and 
institutional investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001. For Citi Private Bank, the Product is made 
available in Singapore by Citi Private Bank through Citibank, N.A., Singapore Branch. Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch is a 
licensed bank in Singapore that is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Please contact your Private Banker in 
Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch if you have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this document. 
The Product is intended for recipients who are accredited, expert and institutional investors as defined under the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001. For Citibank Singapore Limited (“CSL”), the Product is distributed in Singapore by CSL to selected 
Citigold/Citigold Private Clients. CSL provides no independent research or analysis of the substance or in preparation of the 
Product. Please contact your Citigold//Citigold Private Client Relationship Manager in CSL if you have any queries on or any 
matters arising from or in connection with this document. The Product is intended for recipients who are accredited investors 
as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289).
Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) Ltd. is incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (company registration number 
2000/025866/07) and its registered office is at 145 West Street, Sandton, 2196, Saxonwold. Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) 
Ltd. is regulated by JSE Securities Exchange South Africa, South African Reserve Bank and the Financial Services Board.  The 
investments and services contained herein are not available to private customers in South Africa. 
The Product is made available in the Republic of China (Taiwan) through Citigroup Global Markets Taiwan Securities 
Company Ltd. ("CGMTS"), 14F, 15F and 16F, No. 1, Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan, subject to the license scope and the 
applicable laws and regulations in the Republic of China (Taiwan). CGMTS is regulated by the Securities and Futures Bureau of 
the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China (Taiwan). No portion of the Product may be reproduced 
or quoted in the Republic of China (Taiwan) by the press or any third parties [without the written authorization of CGMTS]. 
Pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations in the Republic of China (Taiwan), the recipient of the Product shall not take 
advantage of such Product to involve in any matters in which the recipient may have conflicts of interest. If the Product covers 
securities which are not allowed to be offered or traded in the Republic of China (Taiwan), neither the Product nor any 
information contained in the Product shall be considered as advertising the securities or making recommendation of the 
securities in the Republic of China (Taiwan). The Product is for informational purposes only and is not intended as an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security or financial products. Any decision to purchase securities or financial products 
mentioned in the Product must take into account existing public information on such security or the financial products or any 
registered prospectus. 


[Page 14]
 
14
The Product is made available in Thailand through Citicorp Securities (Thailand) Ltd., which is regulated by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission of Thailand.  399 Interchange 21 Building, 18th Floor, Sukhumvit Road, Klongtoey Nua, Wattana 
,Bangkok 10110, Thailand. 
Disclosure for investors in the Republic of Turkey: The Product is made available in Turkey through Citibank AS which is 
regulated by Capital Markets Board. Tekfen Tower, Eski Buyukdere Caddesi # 209 Kat 2B, 23294 Levent, Istanbul, Turkey. 
Under Capital Markets Law of Turkey (Law No: 6362), the investment information, comments and recommendations stated 
here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Comments and recommendations stated here rely on the 
individual opinions of the ones providing these comments and recommendations. These opinions may not fit to your financial 
status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated 
here may not bring about outcomes that fit your expectations. Furthermore, Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. (the “Firm”), which does and seeks to do business with companies and/or trades on securities covered in this 
research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the Firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the 
objectivity of this report, however investors should also note that the Firm has in place organisational and administrative 
arrangements to manage potential conflicts of interest of this nature.
In the U.A.E, these materials (the "Materials") are communicated byCitigroup Global Markets Limited, DIFC branch ("CGML"), 
an entityregistered in the Dubai International Financial Center ("DIFC") andlicensed and regulated by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority ("DFSA",license #CL0221) to Professional Clients and Market Counterparties, as definedin DFSA 
regulations, only and should not be relied upon or distributed toRetail Clients.  Financial products and/or services to which the 
Materialsrelate will only be made available to Professional Clients and MarketCounterparties. Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited DIFC Branch registered addressis Level 3, Gate District Building 02, Dubai International Financial Centre andcan be 
contacted on +971 4 509 97 90.
The Product is made available in United Kingdom by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA.  This material may relate 
to investments or services of a person outside of the UK or to other matters which are not authorised by the PRA nor regulated 
by the FCA and the PRA and further details as to where this may be the case are available upon request in respect of this 
material. Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB. 
The Product is made available in United States and Canada by Citigroup Global Markets Inc., which is a member of FINRA and 
registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013.  
Unless specified to the contrary, within EU Member States, the Product is made available by Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG ("CGME"), which is regulated by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht-BaFin). 
The Product is not to be construed as providing investment services in any jurisdiction where the provision of such services 
would not be permitted.
Subject to the nature and contents of the Product, the investments described therein are subject to fluctuations in price 
and/or value and investors may get back less than originally invested. Certain high-volatility investments can be subject to 
sudden and large falls in value that could equal or exceed the amount invested.The yield and average life of CMOs 
(collateralized mortgage obligations) referenced in this Product will fluctuate depending on the actual rate at which mortgage 
holders prepay the mortgages underlying the CMO and changes in current interest rates. Any government agency backing of 
the CMO applies only to the face value of the CMO and not to any premium paid. Certain investments contained in the Product 
may have tax implications for private customers whereby levels and basis of taxation may be subject to change. If in doubt, 
investors should seek advice from a tax adviser. The Product does not purport to identify the nature of the specific market or 
other risks associated with a particular transaction. Advice in the Product is general and should not be construed as personal 
advice given it has been prepared without taking account of the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular 
investor. Accordingly, investors should, before acting on the advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice, having regard 
to their objectives, financial situation and needs. Prior to acquiring any financial product, it is the client's responsibility to 
obtain the relevant offer document for the product and consider it before making a decision as to whether to purchase the 
product.
Card Insights. Where this report references Card Insights data, Card Insights consists of selected data from a subset of Citi’s 
proprietary credit card transactions. Such data has undergone rigorous security protocols to keep all customer information 
confidential and secure; the data is highly aggregated and anonymized so that all unique customer identifiable information is 
removed from the data prior to receipt by the report’s author or distribution to external parties. This data should be considered 
in the context of other economic indicators and publicly available information. Further, the selected data represents only a 
subset of Citi’s proprietary credit card transactions due to the selection methodology or other limitations and should not be 
considered as indicative or predictive of the past or future financial performance of Citi or its credit card business.
Citi Research product may source data from dataCentral. dataCentral is a Citi Research proprietary database, which includes 
the Firm's estimates, data from company reports and feeds from LSEG Data & Analytics. The source for all referenced prices, 
unless otherwise stated, is DataCentral. Past performance is not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future results. Forecasts 
are not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future performance. The printed and printable version of the research report may not 
include all the information <(e.g. certain financial summary information and comparable company data) that is linked to the 
online version available on the Firm's proprietary electronic distribution platforms.
Where included in this report, MSCI sourced information is the exclusive property of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. 
(MSCI). Without prior written permission of MSCI, this information and any other MSCI intellectual property may not be 
reproduced, redisseminated or used to create any financial products, including any indices. This information is provided on an 
"as is" basis. The user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this information. MSCI, its affiliates and any third party 
involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of originality, 


[Page 15]
 
15
accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of this information. Without 
limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any third party involved in, or related to, computing 
or compiling the information have any liability for any damages of any kind. MSCI, Morgan Stanley Capital International and 
the MSCI indexes are services marks of MSCI and its affiliates. Where data is attributed to Morningstar that data is © 2026 
Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. That information: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may 
not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content 
providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The Firm accepts no liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties. The Product may provide the addresses of, or contain 
hyperlinks to, websites. Except to the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm has not 
reviewed the linked site. Equally, except to the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm 
takes no responsibility for, and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever as to, the data and information contained 
therein. Such address or hyperlink (including addresses or hyperlinks to website material of the Firm) is provided solely for your 
convenience and information and the content of the linked site does not in any way form part of this document. Accessing 
such website or following such link through the Product or the website of the Firm shall be at your own risk and the Firm shall 
have no liability arising out of, or in connection with, any such referenced website.
© 2026 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi and Citi and Arc Design are 
trademarks and service marks of Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates and are used and registered throughout the world. All rights 
reserved. The research data in this report are not intended to be used for the purpose of (a) determining the price of or amounts 
due in respect of (or to value) one or more financial products or instruments and/or (b) measuring or comparing the 
performance of, or defining the asset allocation of a financial product, a portfolio of financial instruments, or a collective 
investment undertaking, and any such use is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of Citi Research. Any 
unauthorized use, duplication, redistribution or disclosure of this report (the “Product”), including, but not limited to, 
redistribution of the Product by electronic mail, posting of the Product on a website or page, and/or providing to a third party a 
link to the Product, is prohibited by law and will result in prosecution. The information contained in the Product is intended 
solely for the recipient and may not be further distributed by the recipient to any third party.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
