[Page 1]
DB CoTD: Energy Controlled Bank? 
Jim Reid 
I published my new Chartbook yesterday on the Deutsche Bank Research Institute site here, where it is open 
to all. Titled " The Home Straight ", it examines the key market themes as we enter the final stretch of the year.  
  
 
  
Tomorrow, we enter an 8-day period where we should see hikes from the ECB, the Fed and the BoJ. So a big 
week or so ahead. 
  
For the ECB tomorrow, the market fully prices in a 25bps hike to 2.50%. There is a debate to be had about 
whether the ECB should continue to hike into a supply shock but as today’s CoTD shows, the market obviously 
believes the ECB’s reaction function is very heavily tied to energy with the recent increases in oil and gas prices 
prompting a terminal market pricing of 3%. 
  


[Page 2]
Deutsche Bank’s Mark Wall believes we’ll see one more hike in December to 2.75% rather than the two priced 
in after tomorrow. He believes that if energy prices stay at these levels, growth would likely be materially 
weaker, breaking down this relationship. 
  
That said, Mark does see a scenario in which 3.00%+ rates could be justified. In this framework, the equilibrium 
rate (r*) rises further amid the global AI investment boom, reinforcing the impact of Germany’s defence and 
infrastructure spending on neutral rates. At the same time, energy prices remain structurally higher because 
of persistent demand from AI-related investment, particularly data centres. The longer inflation remains 
elevated against a backdrop of robust growth, the greater the risk that second-round wage effects emerge. 
One of the surprises of the summer is how well Euro Area growth has held up in the face of the energy shock 
so far, with GDP growing at almost 2% annualised in Q2, surveys recovering and a capex cycle driven by 
defence spending and AI investment supporting stronger growth prospects. DB’s economists have upgraded 
GDP forecasts 0.3pp and 0.1pp respectively to 0.8% in 2026 and 1.2% in 2027. 
  
So a hike is seemingly nailed on tomorrow but after that it gets complicated. If energy stays at these levels, 
growth should be impacted, but it hasn’t been anywhere near as much as expected so far, so there has to be 
a high level of uncertainty, especially for the ECB. 
  
See Mark’s ECB preview piece here and recent growth upgrades piece here. 
 
