[Page 1]
 
Goldman Sounds Food-Crisis Alarm: Hormuz, Black 
Sea, El Nino Risks Collide Into Perfect Storm 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
TUESDAY, SEP 08, 2026 - 05:25 PM 
Readers know by now that a perfect storm is building across global food supply chains as 
disruptions at the Hormuz chokepoint, turmoil in Black Sea shipping, and intensifying El Niño 
risks converge.  
The Bloomberg Agriculture Spot Index (BCOMAGSP) posted its largest monthly gain in August. 
The last time BCOMAGSP spiked this much in any given month was during the Arab Spring 
unrest.  
 
Commodity desks at major banks, including Barclays and JPMorgan, have warned of a potential 
food supply crisis next year. 


[Page 2]
 
Goldman Sachs commodities analysts Lina Thomas and Daan Struyven are the latest to sound 
the alarm, warning that overlapping geopolitical and weather shocks could spark further 
agricultural price spikes.  
Their bigger concern: governments around the world rushing to protect domestic supplies 
through export restrictions and stockpiling could turn manageable disruptions into much larger 
supply squeezes.  
"But the larger risk is that these simultaneous shocks are hitting an increasingly inward-looking 
agriculture market. Even small supply disruptions may now generate larger and more persistent 
price spikes than in the past, as trade barriers may rise more quickly in response to supply risks 
amidst greater policy focus on domestic supply resilience since 2020. Higher barriers to trade 
may lower barriers to shocks because (precautionary) export restrictions and stock building can 
remove far more supply from global markets than the original disruption itself, while the resulting 
market fragmentation reduces traded liquidity and amplifies price volatility," Thomas and 
Struyven wrote in a note on Monday morning.  
Global agricultural inventories heading into this year were at comfortable levels. However, a 
confluence of threats to fertilizer shipments, grain exports and harvests is increasing the risk 
that prices move higher, the analysts warned. 
 
They showed how shipping disruptions, geopolitical turmoil and El Niño have sparked panic in 
the market as BCOMAGSP surged this year, with wheat, soybean oil, corn, cotton, soybeans 
and other agricultural commodities posting massive year-over-year gains so far. 


[Page 3]
 
 
The first driver they outlined is Hormuz, a chokepoint for about one-third of global fertilizer trade. 
Fertilizer flows have plunged since the conflict erupted, threatening supplies during a critical 
growing season for farmers in Brazil, India, and Europe. 


[Page 4]
 
 
Higher diesel fuel costs add yet another burden to planting, harvesting, and transportation as 
the refined energy crisis rages, with US diesel crack spreads above $100 this month. 
Meanwhile, energy-security policies are intensifying competition for crops: higher ethanol 
mandates in Brazil and India, and biodiesel requirements in Indonesia, are reducing the surplus 
available for export. 
The second big driver comes from the Black Sea, where renewed Russia-Ukraine fighting has 
put 15% to 20% of global grain trade at risk, according to analysts. 


[Page 5]
 
 
The third major risk contributing to this perfect storm and raising the possibility of a food supply 
crisis in the year ahead is El Niño. The probability of it developing into very strong, or "super," 
conditions during the 2026-27 winter exceeds 90%. 
 
Such an adverse weather event could simultaneously expose several critical agricultural 
growing belts to drought or flooding. Sugar is particularly vulnerable because exports are 
concentrated in weather-sensitive areas, including Brazil's Center-South, India, and Thailand. 
El Niño Global Impacts: 


[Page 6]
 
 
"But the larger risk is that these simultaneous shocks are hitting an increasingly inward-looking 
agriculture market. Even small supply disruptions may now generate larger price moves than in 
the past, as trade barriers rise more quickly in response to supply risks," Thomas and Struyven 
warned. 
Meanwhile, the annual pace of new agricultural trade restrictions has roughly doubled since 
2020. 
 


[Page 7]
 
Goldman's warning is not much different from those issued by Barclays and JPMorgan. The 
warning signs Wall Street analysts are seeing are setting off alarm bells about a food crisis that 
could materialize next year. 
Professional subscribers can read the full note here at our new Marketdesk.ai portal.  
 
 
 
