[Page 1]
The Calls Around the World to Focus on Today 
Macro/Global 
US Economics, Rindels: August CPI Preview 
n
Global Markets Daily, Lalwani: Assessing Sensitivity of EM European Equities to 
n
Natural Gas Shocks 
Americas 
Technology, Schneider: Semiconductors: Communacopia + Technology 
n
Conference 2026 - Day 1 Takeaways 
Banks & IBanks, Ramsden: The next phase of capital markets growth & the AI 
n
infra impact 
Europe 
Europe Automobiles, Frenes: Chinese OEM Competition Monitor Aug-26: Chinese 
n
share hits new high of 8% on softer individual premium brands; China signals 
pricing discipline abroad 
Asia 
Japan Technology, Tanaka: IT Services: Investment strategy/overseas earnings 
n
read-across: Excessive AI disruption concerns receding, focus shifting to AI 
beneficiaries/AI tailwind 
Japan Machinery, Isayama: Preliminary August 2026 JMTBA machine tool orders 
n
The Macro Round-Up 
ECONOMICS 
US Daily: August CPI Preview 
08 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Jessica Rindels, Ronnie Walker, Jan Hatzius, 
David Mericle, Alec Phillips, Pierfrancesco Mei, Abhay Duggirala 
Global Investment Research 
+1(212)902-1000 
9 September 2026 | 6:00AM EDT
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
GS EARLY MORNING RESEARCH RECAP 
Ratings and Target Price Changes - September 9, 2026 as of 5:30 AM ET
 
 


[Page 2]
European Daily: ECB—Has R* Risen Further? 
08 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Sven Jari Stehn, Alexandre Stott, Filippo Taddei, 
James Moberly, Niklas Garnadt, Katya Vashkinskaya, Giovanni Pierdomenico 
Global Markets Daily: Assessing Sensitivity of EM European Equities to Natural Gas 
Shocks 
08 Sep 2026 | Economics Research - Tarun Lalwani, CFA, Sunil Koul, Mambuna Njie, Shuyi 
Fang 
STRATEGY 
Factor Barometer: US 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Deep Mehta, Kshitij Garg 
Mortgage Notes: August prepay commentary 
08 Sep 2026 | Credit Strategy Research - Arun Manohar 
Asia-Pacific Portfolio Strategy: Asian equity market daily update 
08 Sep 2026 | Portfolio Strategy Research - Timothy Moe, CFA, Alvin So, CFA, Kinger Lau, 
CFA, Sunil Koul, John Kwon, Amorita Goel, CFA, Terry Chan 
Rating and Conviction List Changes 
None. 
Notable Stock Research to Consider 
AMERICAS 
Energy and Utilities: 
Enphase Energy Inc. (ENPH): Takeaways from investor meeting; remain Buy 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Brian Lee, CFA, Tyler Bisset, CFA, Keshav Choudhary 
Consumer/Retail 
Americas Consumer Cyclicals: 2027 spending outlook: Expect modest sequential 
improvement in pre-savings DCF, but bottom-quintile to lag on still pressured trends 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Kate McShane, CFA, Bonnie Herzog, Brooke Roach, CFA, 
Lizzie Dove, Leah Jordan, CFA, Jon Keypour, Ankit Prasad, Nishi Agarwal, Mark Jordan, 
CFA, Emily Ghosh, Ethan Huntley, Mentesnot Adamu, Grace Chee, Eli Thompson, Joey 
Gaebler, Samantha Chiang, Kareem Elbadrawi, Nina Flinn, Shanika Paul, Nicholas Vidger, 
Carly Chasen, Aman Verma 
Americas Retail: Takeaways from IR/management; 2Q26 earnings summary; August 
traffic trends; Updating estimates 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Kate McShane, CFA, Mark Jordan, CFA, Emily Ghosh, 
Nishi Agarwal, Grace Chee, Samantha Chiang 
9 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 3]
Smithfield Foods Inc (SFD): Lowering estimates after 3Q update 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Leah Jordan, CFA, Eli Thompson, Aman Verma 
United Natural Foods Inc. (UNFI): Solid underlying momentum heading into FY27 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Leah Jordan, CFA, Eli Thompson, Aman Verma 
Financials 
Fidelity National Information Services (FIS): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key 
Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Will Nance, Jack Evans, Chandru Ravikumar, Ryan Wolf 
Affirm Holdings (AFRM): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Will Nance, Jack Evans, Chandru Ravikumar, Ryan Wolf 
Americas Real Estate: REITs: August ‘26 Office Update: New York touring shows strength 
while San Francisco lags on Class A touring 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Caitlin Burrows, Jeremy Kuhl, Harrison Slater, CFA, 
Shailee Lnu 
Visa Inc. (V): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Will Nance, Jack Evans, Chandru Ravikumar, Ryan Wolf 
Chime Financial Inc. (CHYM): Reached agreement to acquire Stride Bank 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Will Nance, Jack Evans, Chandru Ravikumar, Ryan Wolf 
Americas Brokers & Crypto: Marking to market for monthly volumes and prices 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - James Yaro, Divyam Harlalka, Matthew Weng, Lokesh 
Kumar Sangewar, Thirukumaran R 
Americas Banks & IBanks: The next phase of capital markets growth & the AI infra 
impact 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Richard Ramsden, James Yaro, Ben Snider, Divyam 
Harlalka, Matthew Weng, Lokesh Kumar Sangewar, Thirukumaran R 
Upstart Holdings (UPST): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Will Nance, Jack Evans, Chandru Ravikumar, Ryan Wolf 
SoFi Technologies Inc. (SOFI): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Will Nance, Jack Evans, Chandru Ravikumar, Ryan Wolf 
Capital Markets Dashboard: Checking-in on Capital Markets KPIs: Dispersion in beta and 
rate tailwinds, healthy trading volumes, and improving Sponsor activity  
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Alexander Blostein, CFA, Aditya Sharma, CFA, Michael 
Vinci, Anthony Corbin 
Healthcare 
9 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 4]
Braveheart Bio (BRVE): Development on track; Recent competitor data inform 
BHB-1893 positioning 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Salveen Richter, CFA, Erik Wong, Kevin Strang, Ph.D., 
Anupam Srivastava 
Spyre Therapeutics Inc. (SYRE): SPY-003 meets expectations; focus shifts towards 
combinations and SPY-072 data 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Paul Choi, Anupam Srivastava, Kevin Strang, Ph.D., Erik 
Wong 
Industrials and Basic Materials 
GE Aerospace (GE): Announces acquisition of Consolidated Precision Products (CPP) 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Noah Poponak, CFA, Connor Dessert, Nizar Mesani, 
Amanda Fenenbock, CFA, Tomas Russo 
Americas Transportation: Railroads: Weekly Rail Carload Snapshot — Week 35 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Jordan Alliger, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Paul Stoddard, 
Aakarsh Goyal 
Boeing Co. (BA): August aircraft order & delivery report 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Noah Poponak, CFA, Connor Dessert, Nizar Mesani, 
Amanda Fenenbock, CFA, Tomas Russo 
Americas Transportation: Eye on Freight: Tracking Trucker Employment; August’s 
Trucking Data Points to Driver Additions Outperforming Seasonality; Still Well below 
Prior Peak 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Jordan Alliger, Paul Stoddard, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, 
Aakarsh Goyal 
Tracking U.S. Supply Chain Congestion: GS Supply Chain Congestion Scale: Sept 7th; 
Index Lower W/W, Bottleneck Scale Unchanged at ‘2’ 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Jordan Alliger, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Paul Stoddard, 
Aakarsh Goyal 
Americas Transportation: Valuation Tracker: Transports Weighed Down by Brokers and 
Trucking in August 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Jordan Alliger, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Paul Stoddard, 
Aakarsh Goyal 
Americas Transportation: The Monthly Mosaic: August 2026 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Jordan Alliger, Andrzej Tomczyk, CFA, Paul Stoddard, 
Aakarsh Goyal 
TMT 
US Autos & Industrial Tech: Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways from 
Day 1 
9 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 5]
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Mark Delaney, CFA, Will Bryant, Aman Gupta, Ayush 
Ghose 
Versant Media Group (VSNT): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Michael Ng, CFA, Yash Goenka, CFA, Lindsey Shema 
Americas Technology: Semiconductors: Communacopia + Technology Conference 2026 
- Day 1 Takeaways 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - James Schneider, Ph.D., Anmol Makkar, Luya You, Khalil 
Fenina, Marshall Wong 
Xometry Inc. (XMTR): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Eric Sheridan, Achal Gupta 
Ingram Micro (INGM): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Katherine Murphy, Michael Ng, CFA, Yash Goenka, CFA, 
Lindsey Shema 
McGraw Hill (MH): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - George K. Tong, CFA, Sami Nasir, CFA, Alex Lakritz 
Zeta Global (ZETA): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Callie Valenti, Gabriela Borges, CFA 
Rivian Automotive Inc. (RIVN): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Mark Delaney, CFA, Will Bryant, Aman Gupta, Ayush 
Ghose 
Airbnb Inc. (ABNB): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Eric Sheridan, Aarshiya Sachdeva 
Cogent Communications Holdings (CCOI): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key 
Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Michael Ng, CFA, Lindsey Shema, Yash Goenka, CFA 
Twilio Inc. (TWLO): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Callie Valenti, Gabriela Borges, CFA 
Match Group (MTCH): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Eric Sheridan, Julia Fein-Ashley, Achal Gupta 
HP Inc. (HPQ): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Katherine Murphy, Michael Ng, CFA, Yash Goenka, CFA, 
Lindsey Shema 
GlobalFoundries Inc. (GFS): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
9 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 6]
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - James Schneider, Ph.D., Khalil Fenina, Anmol Makkar, 
Luya You, Marshall Wong 
Camtek (CAMT): Communacopia + Technology 2026 — Key Takeaways 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - James Schneider, Ph.D., Khalil Fenina, Anmol Makkar, 
Luya You, Marshall Wong 
LatAm: 
Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste (ASURB.MX): August traffic -2% YoY; Cancun -9% YoY 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Joao Frizo, CFA, Bruno Amorim, CFA 
Brazil Utilities: Post 2Q update and key themes for power generation, distribution and 
Sabesp 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Bruno Amorim, CFA, Guilherme Bosso, Huama Belmonte 
Pulp & Paper: Some Hardwood Momentum Building Into 4Q 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Marcio Farid, Henrique Marques, Emerson Vieira 
EUROPE 
Energy and Utilities 
Pennon Group (PNN.L): Strategic update set to address leverage concerns; returns will 
likely take time; remain Neutral 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Ajay Patel, Lawrence Lavizani, Alberto Gandolfi 
Fortum OYJ (FORTUM.HE): New strategic partnership with Google a positive 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Ajay Patel, Lawrence Lavizani, Alberto Gandolfi 
Financials 
AXA (AXAF.PA): Investor Day Preview 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Andrew Baker, CFA, Vash Gosalia, CFA, Alice Palumbo, 
Ankitha Giridhar 
CVC Capital Partners (CVC.AS): Announces CEO succession 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Oliver Carruthers, CFA, Naimeh Sabourian, Tom 
Ferguson 
Healthcare 
AstraZeneca (AZN.L): Tozorakimab COPD data exceed our expectations 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Rajan Sharma, James Quigley, Max Da, Ph.D., Shyam 
Kotadia, Theodora Rowe Beadle, Avantika B 
Sanofi (SASY.PA): Detailed Phase 2 AIRCULES lunsekimig data largely in line with Tezspire 
on FEV1, with lower exacerbation reduction 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - James Quigley, Rajan Sharma, Shyam Kotadia, Kaaviya 
9 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 7]
Ganesan, Max Da, Ph.D., Theodora Rowe Beadle 
Sandoz Group AG (SDZ.S): Key learnings from Sandoz Capital Markets Day 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Shyam Kotadia, James Quigley, Rajan Sharma, Kaaviya 
Ganesan 
Industrials and Basic Materials 
Europe Business Services: Staffing: August ‘26: French staffing data inflects to positive 
territory with improving trends in other regions 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Suhasini Varanasi, Harshita Bhatter, CFA 
ASIA 
Industrials and Basic Materials 
Kawasaki Heavy Industries (7012.T): Conf. Call Takeaways: Progress confirmed on growth 
initiatives in PS&E, aerospace, and robots; Neutral 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Yuichiro Isayama, Takato Enoki 
TMT 
AMEC (688012.SS): China AI Tour: Advanced deposition tools and etchers launched; 
Positive on advanced logic and memory orders growth 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Ting Song 
InnoScience (2577.HK): China AI Tour: 15V DrGaN for 800 VDC power architecture; GaN 
to ride on data center/ automotive adoption 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Ting Song 
KE Holdings (BEKE): Structural net beneficiary of China’s completed-home sales reform; 
Stay Buy 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Timothy Zhao, Ronald Keung, CFA, Yi Wang, CFA, Eunice 
Liu 
Biren (6082.HK): GPU ramping up with Superpod and Clusters delivered; 1H26 in line; 
Buy  
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Yifan Hu 
ACM Research (ACMR): Chairman visit: Innovative SPE design to capture AI-driven 
market expansion 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng 
Horizon Robotics (9660.HK): Asia Leaders Conference 2026 Takeaways: Founder/ CEO 
Fireside Chat: Spec upgrade on rising NOA penetration 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Ting Song 
ASEAN & New Zealand 
9 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 8]
Macau Gaming: Tour takeaways: More stable competitive environment; Awaiting margin 
inflection potentially in 4Q26E 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Simon Cheung, CFA, Alpha Wang, Leah Pan, Zhaoheng 
Chen 
Recruit Holdings (6098.T): Addressing investor FAQ post rally; sustainability of unit price 
growth; revisit valuation methodology and raise TP; maintain Buy 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Minami Munakata, Haruki Kubota 
Food & Life Cos. (3563.T): Raise GSe on higher outlook for overseas business centered on 
China, domestic monthly data; maintain Buy 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Sho Kawano, Tomoko Imoto, Xiao Zhang, Chie Hu 
China Spirits Tracker: Moutai price adjustment of 7 SKUs; Super premium spirits 
wholesale price recovers; Yet still cautious outlook for Mid-Autumn Festival 
08 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Leaf Liu, Christina Liu, Valerie Zhou 
ANYCOLOR (5032.T): Earnings review: Above expectations; earnings growth continues to 
be driven by fan base expansion; Neutral 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Norihiro Miyazaki, Ryohei Kurita 
Songcheng Performance (300144.SZ): Updating estimates post weaker-than-expected 
2Q26 results. Retain Sell 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Simon Cheung, CFA, Leah Pan, Zhaoheng Chen, Alpha 
Wang 
GenFleet Therapeutics (2595.HK): Investor Feedback Post Initiation: Recognized RAS 
franchise; Eyes on differentiation / global execution 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Linhai Zhao, Ph.D., Ziyi Chen, Eddie Song 
Japan Technology: IT Services: Investment strategy/overseas earnings read-across: 
Excessive AI disruption concerns receding, focus shifting to AI beneficiaries/AI tailwind  
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Chikai Tanaka, CFA, Yuki Sato 
Pro Medicus Ltd. (PME.AX): Post results briefing: Positive view reiterated, new reporting 
module presents material upside 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Annabel Li 
FWD Group Holdings (1828.HK): Updating estimates post 1H26 results 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Thomas Wang, Simone Chen 
Europe Automobiles: Chinese OEM Competition Monitor Aug-26: Chinese share hits new 
high of 8% on softer individual premium brands; China signals pricing discipline abroad 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Christian Frenes, Monika Mengting Liu, CFA, Shivam 
Kotecha, Robert Triulzi 
Hong Kong Exchanges (0388.HK): Data updates for Aug volumes 
9 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 9]
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Thomas Wang, Simone Chen 
China AI Tour: Dongshan (002384.SZ): 200G EML and CW laser ramp up; 1.6T optical 
modules in expansion 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Allen Chang, Verena Jeng, Ting Song 
Unicharm (8113.T): Group call takeaways: Aiming to reduce raw material costs through 
negotiations during 2H12/26 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Takashi Miyazaki, Megumi Taniguchi 
China Consumer Staples: Pork: 3Q further pressure from US; SFD another cut on Fresh 
Pork & Hog Production 
09 Sep 2026 | Equity Research - Valerie Zhou, Adrian Chung, Leaf Liu, Christina Liu 
Target Price Changes (10% or greater): 
 
Webinars, Podcasts & Conferences 
UPCOMING WEBINARS 
TODAY @ 12 PM ET – Investment Strategy Group (ISG): Russia: Is a Limited 
n
Assault on a NATO Ally Likely? with General Sir Nick Carter, Former UK Chief of the 
Defence Staff (2018-21) & Former UK Chief of the General Staff (2014-18); and 
Mark Pascale, Director of the Intelligence Project, Harvard Kennedy School Belfer 
Center & Former Chief of Station for China, Russia, and Syria, CIA; moderated by 
Sharmin Mossavar-Rahmani (ISG) | Click here to register | Click here for Presentation 
September 10th @ 10 AM ET – Oil and Natural Gas: Back-to-School Update with 
n
Research & Trading with Daan Struyven (GIR), Samantha Dart (GIR), Yulia Grigsby 
(GIR), Jon Yarrow (GBM) & Jerome Dortmans (GBM); moderated by Pierre Brunet 
(GBM) | Click here to register 
September 10th @ 11 AM ET – Europe: The Secret Outperformer: Macro to Micro 
n
with Sharon Bell, Chris Hallam, Alberto Gandolfi,  Andrew Lee & Sam Burgess; 
 
Company Name
Ticker
Rating
Pricing CCY
Last Price
Upside / 
Downside 
(%)
New Target
 
Old Target
Coinbase Global Inc.
COIN
Buy
$
178.94
22%
219.00

196.00
Gemini Space Station Inc.
GEMI
Sell
$
4.68
-15%
4.00

3.50
Etoro Group
ETOR
Neutral
$
30.89
17%
36.00

32.00
Company Name
Ticker
Rating
Pricing CCY
Last Price
Upside / 
Downside 
(%)
New Target
 
Old Target
Company Name
Ticker
Rating
Pricing CCY
Last Price
Upside / 
Downside 
(%)
New Target
 
Old Target
Recruit Holdings
6098.T
Buy
¥
15350
26%
19400.00

14900.00
Songcheng Performance
300144.SZ
Sell
Rmb
6.16
1%
6.20

7.10
Americas
Europe
Asia
None.
 
 
Source: Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
9 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 10]
moderated by Sahar Islam | Click here to register 
September 11th @ 9 AM ET – Data Centers and Behind the Meter Solutions – 
n
Deep dive on fuel cells and gas turbines Part 2 with Michele Della Vigna, Nikhil 
Bhandari, Ajay Patel & Nick Zheng; moderated by Sahar Islam | Click here to register 
Please visit our “Events” page for a complete list of calls and events around the globe 
RECENT PODCASTS 
Inside the Model: Focus on the Parcel Industry with Jordan Alliger & Steve Kron 
n
On the Road with Goldman Sachs - European Edition: What we learned on media 
n
agencies, and how they make money, pitch & the impact of AI with Adam Berlin & 
Sahar Islam 
Research Unplugged: GOAL - Asset Allocation Webinar: ‘Back to school’ overview of 
n
our core views across assets with Christian Mueller-Glissmann, Peter Oppenheimer, 
George Cole, Kamakshya Trivedi, Samantha Dart, Amanda Lynam & Sahar Islam 
Research Unplugged: AI, Rates, and the Dollar with Kamakshya Trivedi, George Cole, 
n
Vickie Chang & Sahar Islam 
Research Unplugged; European Conviction List - Directors’ Cut: September Spotlight 
n
with Alberto Gandolfi, Mohammed Moawalla, Andrew Baker, Sahar Islam & Jess 
Binder Graham 
Research Unplugged: US Conviction List - Directors’ Cut: September 2026 Spotlight 
n
with Salveen Richter, Sarah Herr & Chris Hussey 
Inside the Model: Focus on Hardware with Kat Murphy & Chris Hussey 
n
Back to Basics: Multi-Industry with Daniela Costa & Sahar Islam 
n
On the Road with Goldman Sachs: Up in the Air with ALGT & DAL with Catie O’Brien 
n
& Sarah Herr 
Inside the Model: Focus on Chemicals with Duffy Fischer & Jim Covello 
n
Please visit the “Research Unplugged” page for all podcasts 
UPCOMING CONFERENCES 
DAY 2 TODAY: September 8-11th: Communacopia + Technology Conference | San 
n
Francisco | Visit Conference Website 
DAY 1 TODAY: September 9-10th: 23rd Annual European MedTech & Healthcare 
n
Services Conference | London | Visit Conference Website 
September 14-15th: 33rd Annual Global Consumer & Retail Conference | New York 
n
| Visit Conference Website 
September 14-16th: 14th Annual CEEMEA Financials Symposium | London | Visit 
n
Conference Website 
September 15-16th: European Communacopia Conference | London | Visit 
n
Conference Website 
September 16th: CEEMEA Corporate Day | London | Visit Conference Website 
n
9 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 11]
September 21-23rd: 15th German Corporate Conference | Munich | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
September 23-25th: Asia Healthcare CRMO Day | Singapore | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
September 24th: Commodities Conference 2026 | Paris | Visit Conference Website 
n
October 5-6th: Vietnam Corporate Day | Singapore | Visit Conference Website 
n
October 6th: EMEA FinTech Conference | London | Visit Conference Website 
n
October 19th: Healthcare Private Company Conference | New York | Visit 
n
Conference Website 
October 20-21st: Global Metals & Mining Conference | London | Visit Conference 
n
Website 
Please visit our “Events” page for a complete list of conferences and events around the 
globe 
WEBINAR REPLAYS 
What’s Next for Asia Equities? Insights & Trades from GS Leaders with Timothy 
n
Moe (GIR), Tomohiro Ota (GIR) & Enna Hattori (GBM); moderated by Andrey Alipov 
(GBM) | Click here for replay 
Expert Network Series: Webinar with Recon Analytics US Telecom with Analyst & 
n
Founder, Recon Analytics;  moderated by Mike Ng & Lindsey Shema | Click here for 
replay 
India Financials: Sector Initiation - Accelerating Growth Ahead with Sumeet 
n
Kariwala; moderated by Michael Snaith | Click here for replay 
Please visit our “Audibles” page for all of our replays 
 
 
9 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 12]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
Each equity, credit and strategy research report excerpted herein was certified under Reg AC by the analyst primarily responsible for such report as 
follows: I, Name of Analyst, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject company 
or companies and its or their securities. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific 
recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Global Investment Research null. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
9 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 13]
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
9 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 14]
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
9 September 2026
  14
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 


[Page 15]
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
9 September 2026
  15
Goldman Sachs
GS Early Morning Research Recap
 
 
