[Page 1]
Tomohiro Ota 
+81(3)4587-9984 | 
tomohiro.ota@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.
Japan Economic Flash: Continue to Forecast a September Policy Rate 
Hike; Sharp Acceleration of Tightening Unlikely
9 September 2026 | 5:28PM JST
We maintain our forecast that the next BOJ policy rate hike will be on September 
n
18, by 25bp to 1.25%. The yen, which we consider as one factor influencing the 
timing of rate hikes, has recently been strengthening. However, given that this 
yen appreciation is likely at least in part the result of the market pricing in further 
rate hikes, holding off on a rate hike could lead to renewed yen depreciation. 
Therefore, we think this yen appreciation will not deter the Bank of Japan (BOJ) 
from hiking. 
Financial markets are beginning to price in the possibility of an acceleration in 
n
hiking, such as consecutive rate hikes in September and October. However, we 
think this is unlikely unless inflation overshoots (i.e., the BOJ falls behind the 
curve) and it becomes necessary to quickly raise the policy rate to a level well 
above the neutral rate. Currently, various statistics do not show any signals 
indicating overshooting inflation. We therefore still expect a subsequent rate hike 
in January 2027, with another (to 1.75%) in July 2027. 
In the statement to be released after the Monetary Policy Meeting (MPM) on 
n
September 17-18, we will be focusing on whether forward guidance on monetary 
policy is revised - particularly, the wording added at the July MPM, which was to 
the effect that the BOJ would strive to stabilize the underlying inflation rate so 
that the risk of it overshooting 2% does not materialize. We will also be focusing 
on whether there are changes to the wording regarding the three upside inflation 
risks (the Middle East situation, AI-related demand, and yen depreciation) 
highlighted in the July Outlook Report, and whether the expression “financial 
conditions have been accommodative” will be maintained even after the policy 
rate is hiked. 
At the post-MPM press conference, questions are likely to focus on the timing of 
n
future rate hikes and the assessment of the current exchange rate. We 
particularly focus on the BOJ’s current assessment of whether it has fallen 
behind the curve, a factor that could influence the pace of future rate hikes (we 
think Governor Kazuo Ueda is unlikely to admit that the BOJ has fallen behind the 
curve). His views regarding upside risks to the underlying inflation rate, the level 
of the neutral rate and the possibility of an economic slowdown caused by rate 
hikes will also be in focus.
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Economics Research
 
 


[Page 2]
Continue to Forecast a September Policy Rate Hike; Sharp Acceleration in Hiking Unlikely 
 
 
Continue to Forecast a September Rate Hike 
We continue to expect the BOJ to decide on a 25 bp rate hike at the September 17-18 
MPM, raising the policy rate to 1.25%. We have been focusing particularly on yen 
depreciation (and the accompanying inflation risk) as a factor that would lead to a 
September rate hike. The USD/JPY rate has recently appreciated to around ¥153/US. 
That said, as reported, if this yen appreciation is predicated on further acceleration in 
the pace of rate hikes, holding off on a rate hike would likely be accompanied by greater 
yen depreciation pressure. Therefore, we assume the recent yen appreciation will not 
serve as a reason to deter the BOJ from hiking the rate in September. 
Further Acceleration Unlikely in Pace of Rate Hikes, Such as a 50 bp Hike or Hikes at 
Consecutive Meetings 
Since BOJ Board Member Hajime Takata mentioned the possibility of a rate hike 
exceeding 25 bps, financial markets appear to have started pricing in a faster pace of 
rate hikes (the probability of consecutive rate hikes in September and October is around 
25%, based on a simple calculation from the OIS as of September 9; Exhibit 1). 
 
We think that rapid rate hikes, such as a 50 bp hike or hikes at consecutive meetings, are 
unlikely. A rapid rate hike would require a clear inflation overshoot, namely that it 
becomes evident the BOJ has fallen behind the curve. In this case, the BOJ would need 
to swiftly pivot from its accommodative monetary policy setting toward tightening 
(raising the policy rate to a level sufficiently above the neutral rate), which would bring a 
50 bp rate hike into view. 
However, as long as an inflation overshoot remains merely a risk scenario rather than the 
base case scenario, the BOJ’s mission is to raise the policy rate to the level of the neutral 
rate. The policy rate has already reached 1.0%, and raising it quickly from here could risk 
 
Exhibit 1: Markets Eyeing Back-to-Back Rate Hikes in 
September and October 
Market expectations for the policy rate following the September 
and October MPM (OIS implied yield) 
0.50
0.75
1.00
1.25
1.50
0.50
0.75
1.00
1.25
1.50
2026/5
2026/6
2026/7
2026/8
2026/9
OIS implied rate for October MPM
OIS implied rate for September MPM
Actual BOJ TONA target
Percent
Percent
 
 
Source: Bloomberg
9 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Japan Economic Flash
 
 


[Page 3]
exceeding the neutral rate. In that case, it could lead to unintended monetary tightening 
and potentially even trigger an economic downturn. 
We do not think Japan’s inflation is overshooting because of the following reasons: 
The breakeven inflation rate, one of the medium- to long-term inflation expectation 
n
indicators that Governor Ueda noted he is watching,1 rose significantly in June but 
has stabilized near 2% since July (Exhibit 2). 
The global core CPI (excludes food other than alcohol and energy), which many 
n
central banks use as an indicator of underlying prices, has been stable below 2% 
over the past 2 years (Exhibit 3). While we expect some acceleration going forward 
due to yen depreciation and price increases related to naphtha and AI, we do not 
expect it to significantly exceed 2% even after excluding special factors.  
Although the August Tokyo new core CPI (excludes fresh food and energy) exceeded 
n
market expectations, most of the positive contribution came from an acceleration in 
rents limited to Tokyo’s 23 wards. We expect the national CPI, to be released on the 
second morning of the MPM (September 18), to show unchanged inflation. 
 
Considering these factors, we think the BOJ will continue to treat the possibility of an 
inflation overshoot as a risk scenario and that it will conduct rate hikes in accordance 
with a risk management approach. As long as this logic is maintained, a substantial 
acceleration in the pace of rate hikes is unlikely, in our view. 
What to Watch for in the Monetary Policy Statement 
Our biggest focus is forward guidance on monetary policy. At the July MPM, a sentence 
was added stating: “In particular, the perspective of stabilizing underlying CPI inflation at 
a level around 2 percent becomes important in order to keep the risk of underlying CPI 
inflation deviating upward to a level above the price stability target of 2 percent from 
1
Refer to his July 31 press conference
 
Exhibit 2: Breakeven Inflation Rate Currently Returns to 
Near 2% 
10-year breakeven inflation rate (BEI) 
 
Exhibit 3: Inflation Rate Excluding Food and Energy 
Remains Flat Below 2% 
Consumer Prices (Excluding Institutional Factors by the BOJ) 
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
1.5
2.0
2.5
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Percent
Percent
Percent
Percent
-3
-2
-1
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
-3
-2
-1
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
Core CPI (Excl. freshfood)
New core (Excl. freshfood and energy)
Global core (Excl. food and energy)
Percent change yoy
Percent change yoy
 
 
Source: Bloomberg
 
 
Source: BoJ
9 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Japan Economic Flash
 
 


[Page 4]
materializing and thereby exerting an adverse impact on the economy afterward.” Since 
the July MPM, no data have been obtained to suggest an increased upside risk to prices, 
and it is also not a release month for the Outlook Report. Therefore, we expect this 
wording to be maintained at the September MPM. However, if forward guidance wording 
were to change to an expression suggesting a further increase in upside price risks, 
attention would need to be paid to the possibility that this could signal a further 
acceleration in the pace of rate hikes. 
Second, we will also focus on whether there are changes to the wording concerning the 
three upside price risks highlighted in the July Outlook Report: the Middle East situation, 
AI-related demand, and yen depreciation. As mentioned above, the August CPI print did 
not necessarily highlight inflation risks. However, modest price increases related to 
naphtha and AI have been confirmed, so the BOJ may point to this as evidence that 
upside risks to prices exist. 
Third, we will also pay attention to wording about the degree of monetary 
accommodation.  We will see whether the BOJ maintains the view that the current 
financial condition is accommodative even after the change in the policy rate. 
What to Watch for in the Press Conference 
At the Governor’s press conference, questions are likely to focus on the timing of future 
rate hikes and the assessment of the current exchange rate. We particularly focus on the 
BOJ’s current assessment of whether the BOJ has fallen behind the curve, which could 
influence the pace of future rate hikes. As mentioned above, we assume Governor Ueda 
will not admit that the BOJ has fallen behind the curve, and we note the risk that the 
market could interpret such a response as a dovish remark. 
In addition, the Governor’s views on upside risks to the underlying inflation rate, the level 
of the neutral rate and the possibility of an economic slowdown caused by rate hikes will 
likely be asked again. At present, we do not expect the Governor’s views to change 
significantly from the July meeting. 
 
The Japan Economics Team 
Tomohiro Ota 
+81(3)4587-9984 
tomohiro.ota@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.
Yuriko Tanaka 
+81(3)4587-9964 
yuriko.tanaka@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.
9 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Japan Economic Flash
 
 


[Page 5]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
I, Tomohiro Ota, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views, which have not been influenced by 
considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Tomohiro Ota Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
9 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Japan Economic Flash
 
 


[Page 6]
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
9 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Japan Economic Flash
 
 


[Page 7]
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
9 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Japan Economic Flash
 
 
