[Page 1]
GS McGeoch - Materials Sept 9 Navel gazing 9 Sep 2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Materials Sales
Wed 9 Sep 2026, 3:09am ET
DXY 98.7 CNH 6.70 10YR 4.79 Gold 4400 Copper 14,690 Oil 99.55
A few bits below. noting China CPI/PPI a touch hot and Gold holding this $400 level, justt rallied $60 on
my commute and of note Zinc on LME just jumped up (no news we see). Of note franchise not
particularly active on the move up in Copper yesterday (vol was however bid, Nov ATM is at 20v from
18v) , clear technical break, but it felt like we marked higher and everyone just sat staring at it. There is
some scar tissue from May 2024 and summer 2025 however I think this is where all eyes remain, some of
the equity moves standout, IVN.CN had more asks than I can remember (update below), FCX.US also for
the conviction of the move past that $70 level (CEO will be heavily engaged at conference week), in
London ANTO.LN for a catch up, just people staring at charts, we know the bottom up is less compelling
near term, however this less a micro market…. Iron Ore – do the math, look at the move in freight and ask
yourself are these guys making more money or less? BHP remains in the headlines on Port Hedland, I
know the unions want more, BHP making offers, output has not to this point been impacted, latest offer
rejected link. …Some bits on positioning below. I maintain the view that eyes are not yet on the space, Oil
volatility, Tech continues to consume all the oxygen, and rates, has debasement and other trades a little
further back in the mind. That said the move yday was akin to mid August, came seemingly from nowhere
and created a life of its own. Its not FOMO yet…..On Critical minerasl i kind of read these headlines
without any change in my heart rate, EU funding mobilisation "The EU said in response to a query from
Reuters that it has put in place a framework to mobilise €1.7 bn in financing ⁠for strategic projects since
Dec and was fully aware of challenging market conditions.", note below they are challenging the MMG
purchase of AAL nickel assets "in Brazil".
CPI this Friday – GS expect a 0.23% increase in August core CPI (vs. +0.2% consensus), corresponding to
a year-over-year rate of +2.40% (vs. +2.4% consensus). We expect a 0.39% increase in headline CPI (vs.
+0.4% consensus), reflecting higher energy prices. Our forecast is consistent with a similar 0.22% increase
in core PCE in August. Link toGIR
Copper – remember it’s a physical story, Gold is a financial one. Market dialing into the reports they are
seeing on “X” etc on zero mine supply growth. Not new news, its just a case of “eyes on”. Re TC’s we
know they have gone >$200 negative, heard yday trader deals in the regions -$270. Bid is strong –
strategic accumulation, sulfuric acid offset and free metal carry. Smelter utilisation trending to the low
70’s %, maintenance pull forward. I am watching what happens with benchmarks into year end, ANTO
typically set it around Nov. LME week guaranteed to be spicey in the absence of a Whitehouse update on
Tariff. …… Liked this chart in the tweet end of last week at moneyofmines
source link above


[Page 2]
Followed up by this one from GIR
Source: FactSet, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.


[Page 3]
AAL.LN – I know there is a lot of ask on the deal close, just as a reminder that as an AAL shareholder you
will get $4.5bn of special dividend paid, or £3.10 share, or 7.3% at todays price….paid within 45days of
effective/closing date. …Coy guidance is for 1Q27, this is based on recent precedent, in discussion with
buyside, that precedent (ie 18months) was a a function of a higher hurdle (ie mkt concetration), whilst we
understand the clock has stopped re SAMR (China regulator), clients indicate that the next stage (ie
remedies) are in discussion. To many base case is through Q4 which could see the div paid by year end….
AAL.LN - MMG Faces EU Antitrust Warning Over Anglo American Deal: Rtrs, if you have followed this
you probbaly wont be surprised to read that headline… The important thing here is tail will not wag the
dog. Clock had stopped as MMG failed to provide the requested info, restarted on August 14 and is
scheduled for final decision by Nov 30. ....Not to cast stones, but it wasnt lost on people yday that the
Nickel deal has been lagging, Coal had to be restarted and Diamonds might just be "forever". The mkt has
long moved past this, yes there is cash injection and ther eis also the ask on how those proceeds get
dispersed, however its very much a focus on Copper, the strength and performance nof the portfolio, the
adjacent low cost opportunities the mkt is screaming out for and the high grade iron ore cash cow that will
fund both those expansions and distributions. As i said above the special coming is significant, the capex
profile of the forward is modest (by peer standards) and i for one expect that a first course of business in
2027 will be to find a way to put a buyback in place.
IVANHOE – had a solid update yday on Western Forelands. Mineral Resource +30%, mkt knows it’s a
world class resource, the more they drill the more they will find, now at 42mt at 2.66% Indicated. The
question is what they do with it? Way back BHP was rumoured, The Chinese obv a big partner at Kamoa,
long been viewed as a desire to find a way to dilute that Chinese influence…the big one is KK and prodn.


[Page 4]
Just looking at consensus – 2026/7/8 prodn at 292/396/493… All about getting gback to that 500kt number
and what multiple the mkt puts on it given the obvious. Kind of feel like you know what you should be
doing.
Source global banking and markets, past performance not indicative of future returns.
Lots on positioning as an ask. Below is GS PB. … THE KEY IN THE BELOW IS THE SCALE…. 6.5%
can become 13%, 3.5% can become 7%.... I don’t have it here, but go back to 2006-8 and look at the
expansion. Then have a think about “what if debasement is real, I mean multi year real” and then ask
yourself what you know about commodity supply chain lead times…


[Page 5]
Source global banking and markets, past performance not indicative of future returns.
Gold – I mentioned sustained inflows last week, US-listed Spot gold ETFs added +$2bn in length last
week, the complex's second-best week of inflows since April. Since July, the space has gathered over
$10bn in net inflows, pushing YTD activity into positive territory. Total AUM/length has remained firm at
~$270bn.


[Page 6]
Source global banking and markets, past performance not indicative of future returns.
Softs… I briefly mentioned yday you want to be looking at the soft commodity charts and the more you
listen the more you hear people talking El Nino…Another great note form GIR…Higher Barriers to Trade,
Lower Barriers to Shocks: Hormuz, Black Sea and a Super El Niño…”El Niño conditions are present with
a > 90% probability of developing into a very strong ("super") El Niño into the 2026-2027 winter…..super
El Niños have occurred just three times over the past 75 years. “
Source link above


[Page 7]
Pennon - Strategic update set to address leverage concerns; returns will likely take time - neutral rated,
show me story..... Trades at a discount to peers basis higher leverage, lower returns on regulated equity and
uncertainty over the likelihood/scale of any pending fines at South West Water. Strategic update later in
Spet is a chance for new mgmt to show operational execution can start to drive change. Additionally, we
expect an update on capital allocation and the overall leverage position over the remainder of AMP 8. The
headwinds that Pennon has faced over the last 12-18 months have set back its returns recovery. We see
scope for the company to target a modestly higher 9%-10% nominal return on regulated equity over AMP
8 (versus the prior 7% real target): while underlying performance has deteriorated, inflation has acted as a
partial offset, and leverage levels could be addressed through asset disposals or capital raising. We remain
Neutral-rated seeing better value elsewhere.
Utils feedback as team on the road - key names remain the key names - RWE, NTGY, SLR, PPC.....RWE
remains a first ask, mkt is long and confirmation bias is high, looking for CMD confirmation, mkt
targeting with results (worry with decree it gets pushed). EON (is the a RWE selldown?) and ENEL seem
a little more backfoot, funding short in ENEL, EON post regulatory review. Confusion on what to do with
Orsted - note placing overnight at 4.8% discount, has rallied and is viewed as a decent long into mid tersm
(indicating -3% to start). Lots of ask on UK given its lagged, SSE / NG the biggest ask along with DRAX.
The french names are very back of mind and the muanfacturers have a degree of interest, some ask is
VWS a rel sell.
China Midday wrap - All major indices edged higher early in the session but saw tech names coming off
highs. Indices traded in a tighter range today with 3500 stocks ended AM in the negative territory. Strength


[Page 8]
in optical supplier chain with Optical Fiber names leading. Couple of factors contributing: (1) overnight
US peers strength - LITE+11%, COHR+7.1%. GS raised 1.6T and above shipment by 29% / 61% / 50%
for 2026-28E (2)CIOE kicks off today in SZ and will last for 3 days, focusing on AI-driven optical
interconnects, etc. Semis are relatively weaker. MooreThreads dropped another ~4% on lock up expiry
pressure. Peer MetaX will also have 13.97 mn shares on lock up expiry on Sept 17. Both names weigh on
STAR 50. Value names seem to be picking up momentum intraday with Brent approaching $100. Banks
and Insurers picking up momentum again after two days of consolidation. Shipping names saw broad
based strength driven by higher freight fees and expectation of supply tightness in the upcoming quarter -
China Merchant Energy Shipping hit limit up. Media/Software stocks are the laggards as the sector saw
profit taking after recent outperformance. Macro wise, both CPI and PPI inflation picked up in August
(first time since Apr) mainly due to higher prices for downstream products. Higher prices for
semiconductor-related products accounted for about half of the increase in downstream product prices. (ty
Leon Ma)
CPI/PPI - Given the focus this week in external mkts - China's headline CPI inflation rose to +0.8% yoy in
August from +0.5% yoy in July (GS 0.7%), mainly on higher energy and transportation services prices.
Headline PPI inflation rose to +3.8% yoy in August from +3.5% yoy in July (GS +3.5%), mainly due to
higher prices for downstream products. Higher prices for semiconductor-related products accounted for
about half of the increase in downstream product prices....Link to GIR
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3 link


[Page 9]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 9 September 2026.
