 
Debasement Fears & D.C. Developments Drive Citi 
To Hike Crypto Price Targets 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
SATURDAY, OCT 03, 2026 - 03:25 AM 
Crypto markets received a joint boost from "debasement fears" and new agency guidelines even 
as the broader more permanent Clarity Act failed to progress in the Senate, according to Citi 
analysts' latest report (full note available here for pro subs). 
They have lifted their forecast price targets for Bitcoin (from $82,000 to $113,000) and Ether 
(from $2,240 to $3,028) as activity, the macro-backdrop, and ETF flows are all expected to 
bolster returns. 
 
Crypto had a price breakout after months of reduced investor risk appetite. Given the proximity 
of the move to a treasury buyback announcement, which boosted debasement fears, and 
positive regulatory news it was difficult to discern the exact cause. 

 
 
The delayed reaction to UST buybacks from Bitcoin relative to gold and bonds prompts Citi's 
Alex Saunders to believe regulatory news (there was an administration meeting with crypto 
industry insiders the same day) had at least as much impact as debasement fears. 
Since then, the natural reflexive nature of crypto markets has boosted sentiment further. BTC 
and ETH are above their 200d moving averages and ETF holders are much closer to profit have 
meant inflows have resumed. 
Citi thinks ETF inflows would be relatively sticky and consistent as investors and investment 
advisors gradually adopt Bitcoin into portfolios. 

 
 
The chart below shows the impact is still meaningful with $1bn of BTC ETF flows having a 3.5% 
price impact. 
 

 
Flows Remain The Dominant Driver 
While $113k is their 12m base case, they see $151k as the bull case (and $43k the bear case) 
for Bitcoin. 
The assumptions are mapped out in the tables below... 
 
As discussed, the flows assumption is the most important and we pencil in $5 expected base 
case inflows, up from our flat forecast in June. We believe that given the recent positive 
sentiment and the possibility of an extension of this environment warrants an increase in this 
portion of our forecast. Our adoption model continues to assume 20% user growth for the base 
case. 
For ETH, $3,028 is the 12m base case, $1,157 the bear case and $4,244 the bull case. Our 
activity-based estimate for ETH is increased as measures of user activity have picked up in the 
last 3 months. ETH is especially sensitive to activity given its potential use as programmable 
money rather than Bitcoin’s "store-of-value" narrative.  
Regulatory Path a Key Watch Item 
Despite the U.S. Senate failing to advance the Clarity Act in the middle of last month, Citi says 
the SEC's subsequent rule announcements dampened negative sentiment, referring to them as 

 
"a temporary but meaningful positive," though durable legislation would likely offer greater policy 
clarity. 
The Clarity Act’s failure narrowed the path to a market-structure bill, yet spurred SEC rule 
announcements that dampened negative sentiment. At this stage of the electoral cycle stage, 
rulemaking clarity may substitute for a durable Clarity Act. 
However, we see risk that a 2028 administration change could roll back agency- promulgated 
rules, albeit this concern lies outside our forecast horizon. 
Professional subscribers can read Citi's full 'Digital Asset Take' here at our new Marketdesk.ai 
portal 
 
 
 
