M
 Foundation
US Public Policy | North America
Four Takeaways for the 
Midterm Elections
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Ariana Salvatore
Equity Strategist
 Ariana.Salvatore@morganstanley.com  
  
Stephen C Byrd
Equity Analyst
 Stephen.Byrd@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3865 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc+
Yimin Huang
Strategist
 Yimin.Huang@morganstanley.com  
  +44 20 7677-2870 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Jasper Lin
Equity Strategist
 Jasper.Lin@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0837 
Wen Zhang, CFA
Equity Strategist
 Wen.Zhang@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1732 
Michael T Gapen
Chief US Economist
 Michael.Gapen@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0571 
Matthew Hornbach
Strategist
 Matthew.Hornbach@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1837 
Michael J Wilson
Equity Strategist
 M.Wilson@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2532 
Vishwanath Tirupattur
Strategist
 Vishwanath.Tirupattur@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1043 
Mark T Schmidt, CFA
Strategist
 Mark.Schmidt1@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 296-8702 
Diego Anzoategui
Economist
 Diego.Anzoategui@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-8573 
Andrew M Watrous
Strategist
 Andrew.Watrous@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-5287 
Martin W Tobias, CFA
Strategist
 Martin.Tobias@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6076 
Eli P Carter
Strategist
 Eli.Carter@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-4703 
Nicholas Lentini, CFA
Equity Strategist
 Nick.Lentini@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-5863 
We expect midterms will yield little legislative policy variance. 
Yet results may clarify the terms of debate for key market 
topics, most notably the influence of regulation on the AI 
buildout. For investors, there are sectoral impacts to watch, but 
the bar is high for macro impacts.  
M  
#1 - What the midterms won't change: the executive-led agenda. Tariffs, trade, 
deregulation, immigration, and export controls sit with the White House and should 
continue regardless of the outcome, which matter for the markets (albeit with 
declining sensitivity over time, per our prior work).  With legislative throughput via 
Congress likely lower in every scenario, the differences are concentrated in fiscal 
policy:  specifically, the timing of scheduled SNAP and Medicaid cuts, defense 
spending, and the severity of shutdown and debt-limit standoffs.
#2 - Don't read the midterms as a signal for 2028; however, we think they can 
reveal where each party lands on a few specific policy debates that could be 
relevant in the next election. Three key points underpin this view:  
1. If Democrats outperform expectations, we expect the market to price a 
higher chance of a Democratic presidency in 2028 and question the 
durability of deregulation and the OBBBA. We think that reaction is 
misplaced: as our prior work shows, midterms typically don't produce 
outsized over- or under-performance in the following 3-6 months, and the 
president retains veto power for the next two years.
2. Nor do midterm issues reliably carry over: of the six midterm-to-presidential 
pairs since 1994, roughly two of the top three issues reappear, but the top-
ranked issue changed in five of six, and the decisive issue was visible at the 
prior midterm in only two of six. 
3. What the outcome could indicate, however, might be where the political 
fault lines are beginning to be drawn around key debates for the next 
election. 
#3 -  We assess the impact of the elections on AI sentiment via two vectors: 1) 
data center opposition, where we think the midterms are a clear catalyst, and 2) 
AI safety/regulation, where we don’t think the elections are a key driver. Given 
that we frame data center restrictions as a primarily incumbent vs. non-incumbent 
issue (i.e., non-incumbent candidates in key races are proposing more stringent 
restrictions), we think sentiment is likely most constructive under a Republican 
sweep vis-a-vis the expectation for fewer restrictions & regulatory constraints, 
broadly neutral under a divided government, and least constructive under a 
Democratic sweep. 
Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As a result, 
investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of Morgan Stanley 
Research. Investors should consider Morgan Stanley 
Research as only a single factor in making their investment 
decision.
For analyst certification and other important disclosures, 
refer to the Disclosure Section, located at the end of this 
report.
+= Analysts employed by non-U.S. affiliates are not registered 
with FINRA, may not be associated persons of the member 
and may not be subject to FINRA restrictions on 
communications with a subject company, public appearances 
and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
September 28, 2026 09:00 AM GMT
 
 

M
 Foundation
2
• On 1), we think the election can have meaningful policy consequences but on 
a highly-localized basis, supporting our base case for a conditional buildout.  
• On 2),  we think comprehensive AI regulation is unlikely in the near term 
absent a high salience incident, meaning government configuration is not the 
key driver. 
#4 - Where the outcome could matter for markets: certain sectors in scope, 
Treasury supply, and the dollar. For US equities, we think seasonality should turn 
supportive from October, with uncertainty providing scope for a near-term move 
lower if Democrats outperform. The type of majority matters more than which party 
wins from an equity market perspective: we think a 'cohesive' Democratic majority 
can use must-pass legislation as leverage to defer OBBBA-related cuts, with 
implications for consumer/healthcare stocks. On rates, only deficits larger than 
investors expect should move the curve. Unified Republican control is the one result 
keeping a party-line reconciliation bill available and is the main upside risk. A divided 
government brings the least supply pressure and rate vol, but also the least USD 
support and clearest downside risk to growth. 
Quick Links: What's Inside?
• What's at Stake? Legislative & Executive Policy Paths, as well as Key Market 
Impacts
•
What Could Midterms Mean for Data Center Pushback?
• What Could Midterms Mean for Broader AI Regulation?
• What Can We Learn About 2028?
Exhibit 1:
Summary table: outcomes and key impacts
Republican win
Status quo
Democratic sweep
Cohesive majority: leverage on some policies
Democratic narrow win
Fragile majority: most gridlock
Current prediction market odds
7% (R House, R Senate)
61% (D House, D Senate)
 31% (D House, R Senate)
Policy backdrop
Executive agenda
Fiscal
• Neutral to expansionary
• Reconciliation bill still available
• Deficit steady to slightly wider
• SNAP/Medicaid cuts possibly delayed/softened
• Most fiscally restrictive; deficits still grow
• Shutdown, debt-limit standoffs
Deregulation
• Agency-led actions continue
• Oversight hearings potentially slow at the margin
• Agency heads unconfirmed longer
• Oversight hearings largely do not affect process
Key market impacts
Economic outlook
• In line with baseline
• Slight upside if defense larger
• Most growth-positive
• Plus couple tenths to 2027 GDP if SNAP/Medicaid cuts 
scaled back
• Growth downside
• Shutdowns more likely; cut rollbacks less likely
US equities
• Status quo; OBBBA a tailwind
• Key drivers are earnings, oil, yields
• Regime uncertainty/DC pushback concerns weigh on 
index
• SNAP/Medicaid delay tailwind for consumer
• Similar to Republican win
• Incremental AI headwind from DC pushback but capex 
not derailed
US rates
• Main upside risk to UST supply is reconciliation
• Belly cheapens; 5s30s flatter
• Supply upside risk removed
• Front end, debt limit in focus
• Least supply pressure, lower rate vol
• Lower long-end yields
FX
• USD, AUD, NOK, GBP outperform
• Short EUR/USD, EUR/AUD
• Little yield direction for USD
• USD optionality: CNY, CAD, MXN
• Least USD support from yields
• Long JPY, CHF vs. high beta
EM sovereign credit
• Slight positive for Trump-aligned LatAm
• Slight negative for LatAm reliant on administration 
support given increased scrutiny
• Little practical impact bc executive powers largely out 
of scope
• Slight negative for LatAm reliant on administration 
support given increased scrutiny
• Little practical impact bc executive powers largely out 
of scope
AI sentiment
   Data centers
• Expectation for fewer restrictions
• Expectation for more durable & sweeping restrictions
• Expectation for more local-level restrictions (closest to 
existing consensus)
   AI regulation
Sectors
Key sector impacts
• Defense, financials, nuclear energy, DC REITs (+)
• Consumer staples, retail, restaurants (slight -)
• Consumer staples, HC services/managed care(+) 
• Retail, restaurants, renewables (slight +) 
• DC REITs, managed care (+)
Incident, not election, is the catalyst; voluntary measures near term
Tariffs, trade, immigration, export controls unchanged in every outcome
Source: Morgan Stanley Research, Kalshi. Note prediction markets price chamber control, not caucus cohesion
Andrew B Pauker
Equity Strategist
 Andrew.Pauker@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1330 
Michelle M. Weaver, CFA
Equity Strategist
 Michelle.M.Weaver@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 296-5254 
Sabrina E Hao
Equity Analyst
 Sabrina.Hao@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3315 
Manan Gosalia
Equity Analyst
 Manan.Gosalia@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-4092 
Ryan Kenny, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Ryan.Kenny@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1664 
Jeffrey Adelson, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Jeff.Adelson@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1761 
Dara Mohsenian, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Dara.Mohsenian@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6575 
Megan Alexander Clapp, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Megan.A.Clapp@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3715 
Eric A Serotta, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Eric.Serotta@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2370 
Brian Harbour, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Brian.Harbour@morganstanley.com  
  +1 617 856-8090 
Kelly Merrill
Research Associate
 Kelly.Merrill@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-4037 
Simeon Gutman, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Simeon.Gutman@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3920 
Skylar Tennant
Research Associate
 Skylar.Tennant1@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-9963 
David Arcaro, CFA
Equity Analyst
 David.Arcaro@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1817 
Bob Jian Huang
Equity Analyst
 Bob.Huang@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6136 
Terence C Flynn, Ph.D.
Equity Analyst
 Terence.Flynn@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2230 
Chris Yu, J.D., Ph.D.
Equity Analyst
 Chris.L.Yu@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2535 
Erin Wright
Equity Analyst
 Erin.Wright1@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6137 
Craig Hettenbach
Equity Analyst
 Craig.Hettenbach@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6435 
Cameron McVeigh, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Cameron.McVeigh@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-4209 
Garo K Amerkanian
Research Associate
 Garo.K.Amerkanian@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1207 
Toni Kaplan
Equity Analyst
 Toni.Kaplan@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3620 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
3
Kristine T Liwag
Equity Analyst
 Kristine.Liwag@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2980 
Justin M Lang
Equity Analyst
 Justin.Lang@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6251 
James E Faucette
Equity Analyst
 James.Faucette@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 296-5771 
Katie Solovieva
Data Analyst
 Katie.Solovieva@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-6753 
Serena W Tang
Strategist
 Serena.Tang@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3380 
Heather Berger
Economist
 Heather.Berger@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-2296 
Adam Wood
Equity Analyst
 Adam.Wood@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-3656 
Morgan Stanley Asia Limited+
Gary Yu
Equity Analyst
 Gary.Yu@morganstanley.com  
  +852 2848-6918 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Sanjit K Singh
Equity Analyst
 Sanjit.Singh@morganstanley.com  
  +1 415 576-2060 
Meta A Marshall
Equity Analyst
 Meta.Marshall@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0430 
Erik W Woodring
Equity Analyst
 Erik.Woodring@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 296-8083 
Robert S Kad
Equity Analyst
 Robert.Kad@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-0065 
Joseph Moore
Equity Analyst
 Joseph.Moore@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-7516 
Joe Laetsch, CFA
Equity Analyst
 Joe.Laetsch@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-8804 
Angel Castillo
Equity Analyst
 Angel.Castillo@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 761-1931 
Simon Waever
Strategist
 Simon.Waever@morganstanley.com  
  +1 212 296-8101 

M
 Foundation
4
Executive Summary  
Ariana Salvatore
We frame three scenarios for the November elections: (1) Republicans maintain control 
of the House and Senate, (2) a “robust” Democratic majority with consensus on key 
initiatives, and (3) a “fragile” majority with Democrats divided and unable to agree on a 
policy agenda. Any form of Democratic control of at least one chamber introduces a check 
on that agenda and shifts the baseline toward negotiation. 
• Unified Republican control: This outcome likely produces the clearest policy 
trajectory, albeit still conditioned by internal party dynamics.
• “Robust” Democratic majority: Democratic party leadership is able to build 
consensus on key policy agenda items and use those as leverage to extract 
concessions from Republicans in Congress. We likely still see gridlock on the 
macro issues (proactive fiscal expansion, for example), but a unified Democratic 
caucus can likely coalesce around things like delaying scheduled SNAP/Medicaid 
cuts in exchange for their support on must-pass pieces of legislation (like 
government funding).
• "Fragile" majority: An outcome in which Democrats are internally fragmented or 
unable to coalesce around a particular policy set, resulting in limited legislative 
throughput, episodic political debates around routine funding deadlines, and a 
larger noise to signal ratio. In this case, it becomes harder to see Democrats forcing 
structured negotiations with a Republican Senate or White House around must-
pass vehicles (like appropriations bills or debt ceiling extensions, for example).
This report explores in depth four takeaways for the 2026 midterm elections, building 
on our prior work: 
1. What the midterms won't change: executive-led policy (tariffs, trade, de-
regulation)
2. Don't read the midterms as a signal for 2028, but we think they can reveal where 
each party lands on a few specific policy debates that could be relevant in the next 
election
3. We assess the impact of the elections on AI sentiment via two vectors: 1) data 
center opposition, where we think the midterms are a clear catalyst; and 2) AI 
safety/regulation, where we don’t think the elections are a key driver
4. Where the outcome does matter for markets: certain sectors in scope, Treasury 
supply and the dollar
#1 – What the midterms won't change: executive-led policy. Policy uncertainty since 
January 2025 has been tied to executive, not legislative action. While we often get the 
sense from clients that the key components of the Trump agenda – tariffs, trade, and 
deregulation – are likely to fade in the event of a divided government outcome, we believe 
the trajectory of policy volatility is likely to be status quo. Fiscal policy is the most 
election-sensitive variable, but the scope is narrow, centered on (a) the timing of 
scheduled SNAP and Medicaid cuts, (b) defense spending, and (c) the degree of shutdown 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
5
and debt-limit stand-off. 
Especially as it pertains to the US-China relationship, we've noted the potential for a 
number of further tech restrictions, which we think are likely to proceed absent a major 
legislative push toward regulation. Similarly, broader energy implications do not vary 
much across scenarios: the administration is likely to remain accommodative toward the 
data center buildout, including by streamlining permits, opening some federal sites for 
data centers and power generation, and encouraging new energy infrastructure to support 
AI, while addressing rising local concerns on a voluntary guideline basis.
#2 – Don't read the midterms as a signal for 2028, but we think they can reveal where 
each party lands on a few specific policy debates that could be relevant in the next 
election. Three points underpin our view: 
1. The outcome isn't a 2028 signal: If Democrats outperform expectations, we expect 
the market to price a higher chance of a Democratic presidency and question the 
durability of deregulation and the OBBBA. We think that reaction is misplaced: 
midterms typically don't produce outsized over- or under-performance in the 
following 3-6 months, and the President retains veto power for the next two 
years. 
2. Nor do midterm issues reliably carry over: of the six midterm-to-presidential pairs 
since 1994, roughly two of the top three issues reappear, but the top-ranked issue 
changed in five of six and the decisive issue was visible at the prior midterm in 
only two of six.
3. What the outcome could indicate, however, might be where the political fault lines 
are beginning to be drawn around key debates for the next election. On that 
narrower question, ballot measures, same-state margins and nominee platforms 
offer cleaner evidence, and we would watch four debates this November for 
signals about 2028: social security/fiscal, individual taxes, data center restrictions, 
and healthcare.
 Social security/fiscal issues: Four Senate races to track. These will shape the contours 
of the debate in 2028 and beyond, in our view: 
• Maine: Collins (R) is pro-benefit record and commission framing vs. Jackson (D) 
who has said he will remove the payroll tax cap. 
• Michigan: El-Sayed (D)'s cap increase proposal vs. Rogers (R), who has not made it 
a focal point of the campaign but said in 2024 that "every option" should be on the 
table.
• Texas: Talarico (D) proposing a $400,000 threshold for further taxes
• New Hampshire: Pappas (D) no-cuts-plus-high-earners formula, rejecting benefit 
cuts and privatization.
Individual taxes: CA ballot measure. The one-time 5% billionaire wealth tax tests certain 
campaign messaging in a heavily-Democrat state. We read the success of this proposal 
against the tax-relief side of the same slate: North Carolina's proposed property-tax cap, 
Oklahoma's proposed growth cap. If tax-relief margins show more support than 
redistributive ones, we think the 2028 affordability debate could increasingly be on cost 
reduction vs. income support, shaping important tax decisions ahead.

M
 Foundation
6
Data center restrictions: We think the midterms will be critical not for the immediate risk 
of federal policy restricting data centers but to lay the groundwork for potential 
legislation toward that end in 2029. At the same time, state and local policy efforts to 
restrict DC construction could be relevant for federal policy accomplishing the same thing 
in 2029 and beyond.
Healthcare: Democratic outperformance in November would be less relevant than which 
version of the policy is winning inside the party, given single payer and a public option 
imply very different outcomes for managed care, insurers and PBMs.
Exhibit 2:
Summary table with our views on key topics and  debates, and races to 
watch
Topic
Key Debate
Races to Watch
Social Security/Fiscal
Eliminate or raise the payroll-tax cap (Warren-Moreno June op-ed) vs. no benefit cuts 
and no retirement-age increase (2026 RSC budget); reform vs. cuts framing ahead of 
2028, with OASI reserves exhausting ~2032 and revenue then covering ~78% of 
scheduled benefits
ME: Collins (R) vs. Jackson (D) 
MI: El-Sayed (D) vs. Rogers (R)
TX: Talarico (D) vs. Paxton (R)
NH: Pappas (D) vs. Sununu (R) 
Individual taxes
 If tax-relief margins show more support than redistributive ones, we think the 2028 
affordability debate could increasingly be on cost reduction vs. income support, 
shaping important tax decisions ahead. 
CA: ballot measure for one-time 5% billionaire wealth tax
NC: proposed property-tax cap
OK: proposed growth cap
Data center restrictions
Not immediate risk of federal policy restricting data centers, but laying groundwork 
for potential legislation toward that end in 2029
Governors and handful of Senate races (TX and OH in particular)
Healthcare
Which version of the policy wins inside the party, given single payer and a public 
option imply very different outcomes for managed care, insurers and PBMs
MI: El-Sayed (D) vs. Rogers (R); El-Sayed one of the few candidates in a 
swing state campaigning on an explicit single-payer platform
IL: Stratton (D) vs. Tracy (R)
MN: Flanagan (D) vs. Tafoya (R)
ME: Jackson (D) vs. Collins (R)
FL: Nixon (D) vs. Moody (R)
Counter-signal is whether Wyden public-option framework consolidates as 
caucus position post-November
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
#2 – We assess the impact of the elections on AI sentiment via two vectors: 1) data 
center opposition, where we think the midterms are a clear catalyst; and 2) AI safety/
regulation, where we don’t think the elections are a key driver. Given that we frame 
data center restrictions as a primarily incumbent vs. non-incumbent issue (i.e. non-
incumbent candidates in key races are proposing more stringent restrictions), we think 
sentiment is likely most constructive under a Republican sweep vis-a-vis the expectation 
for fewer restrictions & regulatory constraints, broadly neutral under a divided 
government, and least constructive under a Democratic sweep. The centrality of AI to 
voter decisions is supported by our proprietary AlphaWise survey data. According to our 
August 2026 survey, 72% of likely 2026 voters say candidates’ positions on AI are either 
“somewhat” or “very” important to their vote choice.
• Data center opposition has been growing into the elections: Our base case is a 
conditional buildout (i.e. preserving the expected levels of capex but only in certain 
regions contingent upon community engagement or other mitigation measures). 
We don't expect a federal pause, given the national-security framing and likely 
Presidential veto of restrictive legislation at the national level. We see the binding 
levers to data center construction as primarily state and local (interconnection, 
large-load rate design, siting, permitting and the abatements themselves), which is 
why governors and utility commissions matter more than Senate races. Most 
candidates have converged on restrictions, with the argument now pause versus 
conditions, and tax breaks are the consensus target regardless of who wins. 
Sentiment in this context we think is most positive in a Republican sweep given the 
expectation that non-incumbents are typically proposing more restrictive policies, 
neutral under divided government, and weakest in a Democratic sweep.
• On AI regulation, we don't believe the midterms will be a key driver of a 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
7
government response. Any legislation requires collaboration with the President, 
and we don't expect meaningful congressional action is likely absent a high-
salience incident, in which case the response should be bipartisan. Near-term we 
think actions remain voluntary (government pre-release access, reporting incidents, 
etc.). Historical precedent, current politics, and procedural obstacles in Congress 
should cut against expectations for a comprehensive legislative response in the 
near term, although incremental/marginal executive actions are possible.
Exhibit 3:
Data center pushback is a state & local, not national, issue: the table below summarizes key races to monitor, where the 
elections could lead to more restrictions on data center construction. 
Race
Status quo/incumbent
Challenger/non-incumbent
Key lever to watch
Company Exposed (Covered by MS)
Governor Races
Total
Under 
Construction
Planned
Land Acquired
Total
Under 
Construction
Planned
Land Acquired
TX Governor 
Abbott (R): halted new approvals pending a 
PUCT/ERCOT audit of ~250–300 projects; wants the 
sales-tax break eliminated
Hinojosa (D): full moratorium by emergency EO plus a 
special session; says Abbott's pause "goes away on 
November 4th"
Governor appoints PUCT; pause is 
administrative, but could be codified 
by legislature (unlikely)
24.0
5.2
11.6
7.1
159
46
92
21
Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, 
Digital Realty, Cipher, Equinix
OH Governor (open)
Ramaswamy (R): day-one EO halting approvals until 
projects bring own power and forgo abatements
Acton (D): conditional moratorium:  100% of utility 
costs, brownfields only, union labor, no local NDAs
Governor appoints all 5 PUCO 
members
6.4
1.9
3.9
0.6
67
26
32
9
Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Meta, 
MARA, Cipher, Nvidia
PA Governor
Shapiro (D): EO requires consent orders covering 
electricity costs and local approval; bars fast-track 
permitting
Garrity (R): calls for a pause, though endorsed by 
President Trump
Both candidates propose restrictive 
policies, the key difference is pause 
vs. conditions
11.3
0.4
10.9
0.0
66
6
60
0
Amazon, Nebius
GA Governor
Jackson (R): no freeze; "no new data center should be 
approved unless the local community supports it"
Bottoms (D): immediate statewide freeze on new 
construction
Tax policy and preemption only; PSC 
is elected 
2.9
0.9
2.1
0.0
58
15
43
0
Digital Realty, Meta, Microsoft, 
Amazon, Google
NV Governor
Lombardo (R): "the new gold rush"; backed a gas 
pipeline to TRIC; reviewing the abatement structure
Ford (D): pause new tax breaks, audit existing, ban 
evaporative cooling, end federal-land siting
Governor appoints PUCN 
2.3
0.5
1.7
0.0
27
9
18
0
Google, Apple, Microsoft
WI Governor (open)
Crowley (D): 100% new clean generation, no cost shift, 
local approve/reject authority
Tiffany (R): repeal tax breaks, bar farmland siting, keep 
coal online
Neither backs a moratorium
3.3
1.5
1.8
0.0
14
7
7
0
Microsoft, Meta, Oracle
MI Governor (open)
Benson (D): statewide guardrails plus a moratorium "to 
protect every community," public portal, union 
contracts
James (R): Lansing shouldn't dictate to localities; 
incentives tied to measurable public benefit
Appoints MPSC
1.4
0.5
0.9
0.0
4
2
2
0
Oracle
GA PSC District 3 (statewide)
Hubbard (D): one of two Democrats who flipped in 
2025, pushing to revisit the grid expansion
Fitz Johnson (R): former commissioner; voted for the 
expansion and DC contract terms; won primary 50.2%
3-2 GOP majority flips if Dems win 
both seats
2.9
0.9
2.1
0.0
58
15
43
0
Digital Realty, Meta, Microsoft, 
Amazon, Google
GA PSC District 5 (open; statewide)
Tolbert (R): "pro-data center" but worried Georgia 
Power is overbuilding
Edwards (D): data centers "must pay the full cost of the 
infrastructure needed to serve them"
Same as above
2.9
0.9
2.1
0.0
58
15
43
0
Digital Realty, Meta, Microsoft, 
Amazon, Google
AZ Corporation  Commission (2 seats, 
statewide)
Thompson (R): "growth pays for growth"; Heap (R) beat 
incumbent Myers
Pratte (D), Hill (D); Hill floats pausing development
Decides APS's (Arizona Public 
Service) 14% electricity rate increase 
request, including proposed 45% 
large-load hike for energy users like 
DCs
2.8
0.8
1.9
0.1
62
15
45
2
Google, Amazon, Microsoft
LA PSC District 1 & 5 (both open)
Hilferty (R, D1): ratepayers shouldn't fund DC 
generation. Atkins (R, D5)
Norris (D, D1) + Justin (I); Green (D, D5)
Vote on ~$15B of Entergy gas units for 
Meta's Richland Parish expansion 
lands around the election
4.1
1.6
2.5
0.0
14
7
7
0
Meta, Hut 8, Amazon, Applied Digital
State Legislature
Status
Relevance
House and Senate races in PA, AZ, WI, 
MI, MN, OH, TX
Toss-ups
Tax breaks, large-load tariff statutes, repeal of DC tax 
incentives, sales-tax waiver (in MI), codifying governor 
package (in TX)
50.8
10.6
32.4
7.9
385
105
248
32
Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, 
Digital Realty, Cipher, Equinix, MARA, 
Nebius, Nvidia, Oracle
Elected Utility Commissions
GW of Data Centers at Risk (2026-30)
# of Data Center Projects at Risk (2026-30)
Source: Campaign statements, various news sources, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Abbot (R), Hinojosa (D), Ramaswamy (R), Acton (D), Shapiro (D), Garrity (R), Jackson (R), Bottoms (D), Lombardo (R), Ford (D), 
Crowley (D), Tiffany (R), Benson (D), James (R), Hubbard (D), Fitz Johnson (R), Tolbert (R), Edwards (D), Thompson (R), Pratte (D), Hill (D), Hilferty (R, D1), Atkins (R, D5), Norris (D, D1), Justin (I), Green (D, D5)  
#4 - Key market implications: To reiterate, we see fiscal as the most election-sensitive 
variable, but even there the variance is narrow. Where the election could matter for 
markets, we think, is on a sector-specific basis and in certain cases re Treasury borrowing 
needs. 
• Equities: seasonality turns supportive from October, but we see scope for a 
potential near-term market reaction lower should Democrats outperform 
expectations (which we think is unlikely to be sustained).
• Rates: there's a clear distinction for rates among scenarios driven by Treasury 
borrowing needs (a function of FY27 defense, tax extensions, SNAP/Medicaid 
timing and more as we cover below). Coupon auction sizes should rise in every 
outcome, so only deficits larger than investors currently expect should move the 
curve.
• FX: Unified Republican control offers the most dollar upside, as wider deficits lift 
front-end yields and nominal growth. Under a cohesive Democratic majority, yields 
give the dollar little direction. The bigger FX risk is a White House leaning harder 
on tariffs and sanctions, where we see value in long-dated USD optionality in CNY, 
CAD and MXN. A fragile majority offers the least yield support and the clearest 

M
 Foundation
8
growth downside, which we'd express through long JPY and CHF versus high beta 
rather than a dollar view.
The table below summarizes our expectations for market reactions under the three 
projected outcomes. For a more in depth explanation, please see  Exhibit 9 in the next 
section.
Exhibit 4:
Cross-Asset Market Reaction Summary  
Republican Win
Democratic Sweep 
(robust/cohesive majority)
Democratic Narrow Win 
(fragile majority)
Status quo
Democratic leverage to enact some policies
Most gridlock
Fiscal Policy
• Neutral to expansionary
• Upside risks to growth ; overall deficit likely steady 
• Downside risks to growth via fiscal episodic debates
Tariffs/Trade Policy
De-regulation
• Agency-led actions continue
• Oversight hearings potentially slow at the margin
• Agency heads unconfirmed longer
• Oversight hearings largely do not affect process
US Economics
Michael Gapen
• Slight upside to GDP/deficit if defense is larger 
• Upside to growth given delays or pullbacks to SNAP and Medicaid
• Downside risks to growth via shutdowns & cuts implemented as 
scheduled 
US Equities
Michael Wilson
Andrew Pauker
Nick Lentini
• Status quo: OBBBA intact
• Uncertainty is a headwind to index-level prices
• Potential delayal of SNAP and Medicaid cuts is a tailwind to consumer 
sectors
• Incremental headwind to AI on data center pushback, otherwise similar 
to R win
• Pushback does not significantly derail or delay AI capex spending
US Rates
Matthew Hornbach
Martin Tobias
• Only deficits larger than investors currently expect should move 
the curve
• Risk of R-led reconciliation bill is main upside risk to Treasury's 
borrowing needs
• Removes the main source of upside to Treasury's borrowing needs (R-
led reconciliation)
• Expect the belly to underperform on net, but only slightly
• The front end and financing matters more here, as December funding 
deadline and the 2027 debt limit come into focus
• Treasury's borrowing needs should track what investors already 
expect: 2-7 year sector has least supply pressure of the three outcomes
• 2027 debt limit: bills maturing around the x-date have cheapened most 
consistently
• Narrower legislative variance means lower rate volatility
• Investors questioning AI-related corporate supply translates into lower 
long-end yields
G10 FX
Andrew Watrous
David Adams
• Unified control offers the most upside to 2-7 year US yields, 
boosting the USD versus low yielders like JPY and EUR
• WH leaning harder on tariffs and sanctions may be selectively USD 
supportive when narrowly targeted
• Own long-dated USD optionality in the pairs most exposed to targeted 
trade action (CNY, CAD, MXN)
• Gridlock and AI-related corporate supply concerns offer the least 
support to the dollar from yields
• High beta currencies underperform (AUD, NOK, GBP) versus low 
yielders including JPY and CHF as risk demand remains subdued
EM Sovereign Credit
Simon Waever
• Slight (+) for the LatAm sovereigns that have established close 
working relationships with President Trump (Argentina, 
Venezuela, Ecuador, El Salvador and Colombia)
• Slight (-) for the LatAm sovereigns that depend on unorthodox support 
given increased scrutinty
• Unlikely to stop the actual support given executive actions
• Slight (-) for the LatAm sovereigns that depend on unorthodox support 
given increased scrutinty
• Unlikely to stop the actual support given executive actions
Under executive power, unlikely to see significant change regardless of midterms outcome
Main Risks to Economics and Asset Class
Outcome
Policy Variables
Source: Morgan Stanley Research. For a complete version of the table, see below.
 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
9
What's at Stake?  
Ariana Salvatore, Yimin Huang 
 
Given that the midterms won't produce a change in power at the executive level, the 
durable policy changes at stake are fewer than if we were discussing a presidential 
election. Mechanically, that limits the universe of possible changes, but we break down 
the likely path forward across a number of policy avenues below. In short, we don’t see 
the midterms producing a shift in policy direction that materially changes the macro 
outlook, but there are some important sector-specific nuances. 
Exhibit 5:
Summary of policy options and sectors in scope
Most Likely
Least Likely
Largely Insulated from Midterms
Potential for Consensus-Building
Potential for Compromise
Limited in Scope
·  Tariffs/Trade Policy
·  China Policy
·  OBBBA-Related Cuts (SNAP)
·  Proactive Fiscal Policy
·  Foreign Policy
·  AI/National Security
·  Medicaid
·  OBBBA Extenders/Add-Ons
·  Immigration Controls
·  'New' Washington Consensus
·  Tax Breaks
·  De-Regulation
·  Crypto Regulation
·  AI Regulatory Framework
·  Energy
·  Restaurants
·  Payments
·  Financials
·  Industrials
·  Health Care
·  Macro
·  Consumer
·  Defense
·  Consumer
·  Consumer
Policy Areas
Sectors in Scope
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
 
Executive Control: Tariffs/Trade Policy, Geopolitics, (De-) 
Regulation Authorities Persist
The policy vectors that have driven markets over the past year and a half are likely to 
continue: since January 2025, instances of elevated policy uncertainty (and associated 
market volatility) were tied to executive, rather than legislative, action. These variables 
remain in the president's control meaning the overall level of policy volatility is likely 
status quo, rather than lower, even if a split government outcome comes to pass in 
November. 
That said, market reaction is becoming less sensitive to executive action. We had 
highlighted back in July  that midterms themselves don't tend to move markets much, and 
markets are becoming less sensitive to headline policy risks. Looking at market reactions 
around the President's social media posts on tariffs and the US-Iran conflict, we find that 
equity markets appear to have diminishing sensitivity to headlines through time. For 
bonds, while headline risks have had an impact on volatility, we think this is only if there 
is clear macro read-across from a policy shift announced.  

M
 Foundation
10
Exhibit 6:
Global equities also show diminishing sensitivity to 
headline risks from social media posts over time
Source: Bloomberg, Truth Social, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Data are daily close price. Z-score = (1-
day return - trailing 21-day mean)/trailing 21-day standard deviation. Off-hours/weekend/holiday posts 
use next business day return measured from prior session close. Time of posts are shown in Eastern 
Time.
Exhibit 7:
US Treasuries saw more days of selling off following 
posts, particularly on those with clear macro read-across
Source: Bloomberg, Truth Social, Morgan Stanley Research; Note: Data are daily total return index. Z-score 
= (1-day return - trailing 21-day mean)/trailing 21-day standard deviation. Off-hours/weekend/holiday 
posts use next business day return measured from prior session close. Time of posts are shown in 
Eastern Time.
On US-China tech divergence & sovereign AI (also largely under the president's control), 
we think the executive branch is likely to take the lead on this front, given Congressional 
gridlock and competing agenda items (the NDAA, CR, and potential third reconciliation 
bill, among others, before the end of the year). The overall goal, we think, is to focus on 
restricting Chinese access to advanced AI capabilities and limiting the domestic 
distribution of designated Chinese technologies.
On the geopolitics and EM front, we don't think the midterms will pose near-term risks to 
the administration's key Latin American commitments, particularly the Argentina swap line 
and the Venezuelan oil deal. Both instruments sit outside the appropriations process: the 
Argentina facility runs through the Treasury's Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF), which 
the Treasury secretary can deploy without a vote, while the Venezuela arrangement rests 
on OFAC licensing and selective sanctions relief, under which the NABEP concession was  
granted.  The more probable transmission is via greater oversight and political friction in a 
Democratic sweep scenario. We would expect a Democratic-held chamber to raise political 
noise through transparency enquiries into deal terms, in particular the confidentiality 
around the continued availability of the  Venezuelan JVs and the ESFs. That said, we would 
expect such oversight efforts to have limited near-term impact on either arrangement.
Legislative: Is Deficit Contraction Possible?
Divided government typically brings gridlock... Of all the policy variables, we think fiscal 
policy is likely the most affected by the midterm election outcomes, as we tend to see 
constraints to deficit expansion and higher levels of political noise around routine tasks 
(appropriations/lifting the debt ceiling) in a divided government outcome.  Our view is that 
policy change with sectoral impacts is possible, contingent upon the type of majority 
('robust' vs. 'fragile') that results in a divided government outcome. 
...but we see potential for deficit expansion regardless of the election outcome. Deficit 
contraction appears unlikely across election outcomes, though we think the  scope for 
further fiscal expansion is greater under a Democratic sweep than a divided government. 
That said, the distinction between a 'cohesive' and 'fragile' majority matters  because a 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
11
unified Democratic caucus could likely  use must-pass pieces of legislation as leverage to 
negotiate delays or modifications to scheduled SNAP and Medicaid cuts, whereas a 
fragmented majority would be unable to coalesce around a particular policy set and 
struggle to force structured negotiations. 
Deficit growth across the three scenarios:  We currently expect the deficit as a share of 
GDP at around 6% in the next two years. A Republican win could mean slight upside risk 
to the deficit in 2027, around 0.2pp, as the OBBBA would be implemented as written but 
defense spending could be greater than our expectation. A  unified Democratic sweep 
could result in further deficit expansion of around 0.2pp as well through delays or 
rollbacks of scheduled SNAP and Medicaid cuts.  A narrow Democratic win could mean the 
risk of shutdowns outweigh any boosts from changes to SNAP and Medicaid at the state 
level, resulting in downside risks to growth. 
Mapping Scenarios to Key Market Impacts
We frame three election scenarios: 1) Republicans maintain control of the House and 
Senate, 2) a 'robust' Democratic majority with consensus on key initiatives, and 3) a 'fragile' 
majority with Democrats divided and unable to agree on a policy agenda. Any form of 
Democratic control of at least one chamber introduces a check on that agenda and shifts 
the baseline toward negotiation.
We define the three scenarios as follows, with associated market impacts detailed below:
1) Unified Republican control: This outcome likely produces the clearest policy trajectory, 
albeit still conditioned by internal party dynamics.
2) 'Robust' Democratic majority: Democratic party leadership is able to build consensus 
on key policy agenda items and use those as leverage to extract concessions from 
Republicans in Congress. We likely still see gridlock on the macro issues (proactive fiscal 
expansion, for example), but a unified Democratic caucus could likely coalesce around 
things like delaying scheduled SNAP/Medicaid cuts in exchange for their support on must-
pass pieces of legislation (like government funding).
3) 'Fragile' majority: An outcome in which Democrats are internally fragmented or unable 
to coalesce around a particular policy set, resulting in limited legislative throughput, 
episodic political debates around routine funding deadlines, and a larger noise to signal 
ratio. In this case, it becomes harder to see Democrats forcing structured negotiations 
with a Republican Senate or White House around must-pass vehicles (like appropriations 
bills or debt ceiling extensions, for example).
 
Equities: Seasonality and Sectors to Focus On 
In our initial midterms note, our US equity strategists highlighted that historical 
seasonality is a modest headwind from May through September, before improving at the 
start of October. Post‑midterms, equity markets historically shift to a more risk‑on 
posture, delivering average returns of roughly +22% in the 12 months following the 
election and +19% in year three of the presidential cycle. On a sector level, defensives 

M
 Foundation
12
have typically outperformed in the months leading up to midterms, followed by 
outperformance from growth, cyclical, and small‑cap factors after the election.
Key Sector Takeaways:
• Data Center REITs see the Divided/Gridlock scenario as the more favorable for 
pricing power, while a Republican sweep could facilitate easier permitting/energy 
access to support build-out.
• Energy/Utilities: Fossil & nuclear expansion would likely provide a favorable 
backdrop in a Republican win scenario, while a cohesive Democratic sweep would 
likely be more supportive for renewables.
• Financials: The continued de-regulatory push in a Republican win outcome would 
likely support growth, capital deployment, and capital markets activity, while 
oversight could constrain these efforts in a divided government outcome.
• Consumer staples/hardlines/broadlines/food retail: Any delay of SNAP cuts or 
shifts to existing scheduled financing changes could limit downside risk.
• Defense spending would likely be higher in a Republican win outcome, while 
growth in spend would likely be negotiated in either split government scenario.
• Pharma/Biotech should benefit if MFN codification is less likely in either 
Democratic win outcome. But potential 340B reform is currently more of an 
investor focus on the policy, which appears to have bipartisan support (see below).
Exhibit 8:
Heat map: sector exposure
Sector
RWin (Unified)
DSweep (Cohesive)
Divided / Gridlock
Energy / Utilities
+
Fossil + nuclear expansion, deregulation bias; 
neutral for utilities
=/+
More supportive for renewables; potential 
negotiated incentives
=
Status quo most likely
Hardlines / Broadlines / Food Retail
-/=
SNAP cuts and transfer reductions weigh on 
low-income demand; occur as legislated
=/+
Putting off cuts results in a more muted 
downside scenario
=/+
Gridlock limits major changes and introduces 
potential for modest delays/softening in SNAP 
cuts
Healthcare (Services/Managed Care)
=
More favorable for MAs vs. Dem sweep
+
Could provide relief for Medicaid by rolling 
back potential changes
+
Gridlock reduces prospects of major policy 
changes in MA/MDCD/ACA, offering stability 
and increasing visibility into earnings growth for 
MCOs
Pharma / Biotech
=
Potential to codify MFN
=
MFN codification unlikely
=
MFN codification unlikely
Financials
+
Easing regulation supports growth, capital 
deployment and capital markets activity
=
Added oversight may slow pace but not 
derail regulatory easing
=
Added oversight may slow pace but not derail 
regulatory easing
Consumer Staples
-/=
SNAP cuts and transfer reductions weigh on 
low-income demand; occur as legislated
+
Transfer support (SNAP/credits) or putting 
off cuts
=
Minimal policy change
Restaurants
=/-
Higher risk of expiration or non-renewal for 
refundable tax credits weighs on lower-
income restaurant demand
=/+
Transfer support improves low-end demand 
resilience; benefitting QSR
=
Mostly timing/cost noise; limited structural 
demand impact
Industrials / Defense
+
Higher likelihood of defense spending growth 
via unified control
=
Spending growth continues but more 
negotiated
=
Spending path intact but subject to negotiation 
risk
Insurance
=/+
Pricing/tort reform gradual; not election-driven
=
Focus on affordability/regulation but slow-
moving
=
Likely status quo
Real Estate (Data Center REITs)
+
Easier permitting, energy access, lower 
regulatory friction support buildout
=
Higher costs favor scaled incumbents
=
Most favorable relative outcome for data center 
REITs
Source:  Morgan Stanley Research
Macro: Watch for Treasury borrowing needs
We see the most macro-relevant variables as (1) upside risks to the fiscal impulse and 
Treasury borrowing needs, driven by the FY27 defense request, tax extension, and timing 
of SNAP/Medicaid cuts, (2) rate volatility, driven by legislative variance across outcomes, 
and (3) AI-related corporate supply concerns, driven by delays or pushback against data 
center construction.
Key views by asset class:
• Economics (Michael Gapen):  We expect little difference in the economic outlook 
across the three scenarios, as the geopolitical backdrop will remain a key driver 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
13
and we see limited scope for new fiscal legislation.  A cohesive democratic sweep 
likely means  upside risk of a couple tenths to our GDP and consumption forecasts 
in 2027 if Medicaid and SNAP cuts are scaled back. Meanwhile, a Republican sweep 
could result in more defense spend, also adding modestly to growth. 
• Rates (Matthew Hornbach): Coupon auction sizes should rise in every outcome, so 
only deficits larger than what investors currently expect should move the curve. 
We think additional issuance from deficits likely lands in the belly, which will see 
the most variable impact from the midterm outcome. There is also a second-order 
effect on the long-end as more delay/pushback on data center construction would 
influence how investors view the sustainability of AI-related corporate supply, 
which sets the marginal price of duration.
• G10 FX (Andrew Watrous): The key transmission mechanism  of the midterms 
outcome to the USD is via its impact on US  yields and nominal US growth impulse. 
High-beta currencies can benefit from a boost in broad risk demand, outperforming 
low yielders in a Republican win and Democratic sweep scenario, while high-beta 
currencies underperform vs low yielders in gridlock/fragile majority scenario. 
• EM Sovereign Credit (Simon Waever): Away from the most relevant impact of 
the macro drivers such as UST yields and the USD, there will be a focus on the 
LatAm sovereigns that have established close working relationships with President 
Trump, such as Argentina, Venezuela, Ecuador, El Salvador and Colombia. A 
Republican Win outcome would likely be seen as a slight positive while the other 
scenarios would be seen as a slightly negative, particularly where the relationship 
has involved more unorthodox support such as the US swap  line with Argentina 
and the oil deal with Venezuela. That said, in practical terms we think  any impact 
would be limited given executive powers 
Putting It Together: More Micro than Macro Impacts
To reiterate our view, we don't see the midterms producing a shift in policy direction that 
materially changes the macro outlook. Rather, we expect more micro than macro 
implications. 
1) In a Republican sweep, policy remains largely status quo, and equity markets stay 
focused on the business cycle and earnings growth, with drivers like oil prices and back-
end Treasury yields mattering more than the policy agenda per our equity strategists. A R-
led reconciliation bill is feasible, carrying the FY27 defense request and any potential tax 
extension, and presents upside risks to Treasury borrowing needs. Additional issuance 
should land in the 2-7y sector rather than the 10s and 30s, where AI-related corporate 
supply now sets the marginal price of duration, thereby supporting a cheaper belly and a 
flatter 5s30s curve. Higher 2-7y US yields and a stronger nominal US growth impulse from 
larger  spending boosts the USD,  while higher commodity prices and broad risk demand off 
the back of that growth impulse supports  high beta currency outperformance versus low 
yielders. Minimal sector impacts from relatively little change in policy via the legislative 
branch.
2) In a 'robust' Democratic majority scenario, uncertainty due to a change in control can 
act as a headwind to equity markets on the index level, similar to 2022 midterm volatility 

M
 Foundation
14
amid the newly Republican-controlled House. However, potential delay in SNAP/Medicaid 
cuts provides a tailwind to consumer sectors. On the macro side, the party-line route is 
closed and removes the main source of upside to Treasury's borrowing needs. While 
delaying SNAP/Medicaid cuts works in the opposite direction, this is likely insignificant 
against a  $2 trillion deficit. The front-end matters more as a majority can coalesce around 
policy asks, using December funding deadline and 2027 debt limit as leverage. If the White 
House leans harder on levers it alone still controls,  like tariffs and sanctions, our G10 FX 
strategists see value in owning USD optionality in the pairs most exposed to targeted 
trade action. 
3) In a 'fragile' Democratic majority scenario, we see an outcome for equity markets 
similar to a Republican win, with incremental headwind to AI from data center pushback 
that does not significantly derail overall AI capex  spending. On the macro side, we see the 
least Treasury supply pressure here compared to the other scenarios as borrowing needs 
should track what investors expect with no legislation passing. Narrower legislative 
outcomes also argues for lower rates vol. The USD sees the least support from yields due 
to gridlock limiting proactive fiscal policy and further pushback on data center 
construction leading to greater AI-related corporate supply concerns. This scenario also 
poses the clearest growth downside, as repeated funding standoffs  and shutdown risk 
weigh on animal spirits, resulting in high beta currencies underperforming versus low 
yielders. 
With regards to how the midterms impact  investor sentiment on AI spend, our 
thematic strategists are focused on (1) policy impacts on the pace of data center 
construction, and (2) market share between US frontier labs and open-weight labs out of 
China. We think data center sentiment is likely to be the most positive vs. current in a 
Republican sweep, relatively neutral  with a divided government ('fragile' majority, thin 
majorities in both or other chamber, or just the House not Senate flipping), and most 
negative in  a Democratic sweep. This is explored in further detail in the section below. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
15
Exhibit 9:
Cross-Asset Market Reaction Summary  
Republican Win
Democratic Sweep 
(robust/cohesive majority)
Democratic Narrow Win 
(fragile majority)
Status quo
Democratic leverage to enact some policies
Most gridlock
Fiscal Policy
Neutral to expansionary: more fiscal policy certainty; deficit 
expansion more likely
Upside risks to growth if cuts to transfer programs are delayed/rolled 
back. Overall deficit likely steady with possibly small increase from 
delays to spending cuts
Most fiscally restrictive outcome with the most gridlock, downside risks 
to growth via fiscal episodic debates
Tariffs/Trade Policy
De-regulation
Deregulatory tilt but agency-led actions continue
Oversight hearings can partially but not materially slow/constrain the 
process if the Senate has confirmation power over Presidential 
appointees (agency heads can go unconfirmed for longer); more leverage 
in other areas
Oversight and appropriations riders tied to funding and debt-ceiling 
deadlines could slow implementation at the margins
US Economics
Michael Gapen
Republican control should mean a similar outlook to our baseline, 
with slight upside risk to our GDP and deficit forecasts if defense 
spend is larger than we expect
A cohesive Democratic majority is likely most positive for growth, as 
delays or pullbacks to SNAP and Medicaid cuts could add a couple tenths 
to growth in 2027 through higher personal consumption
A narrow Democratic win could mean downside risks to growth. 
Government shutdowns are more likely and the probability of rollbacks in 
cuts to transfer payments is lower
US Equities
Michael Wilson
Andrew Pauker
Nick Lentini
Status quo, with the market staying focused on the business cycle 
and earnings path rather than the policy agenda. Current policies 
such as OBBBA remain intact, acting as a tailwind for US 
companies. Oil prices and back-end Treasury yields are the more 
significant equity market drivers into year-end. Midterm 
seasonality suggests strong returns in the 12 months post-
midterms, but slowing (albeit still historically strong) earnings 
growth suggests more modest equity market gains versus recent 
years
Regime change injects more uncertainty into the market which acts as a 
headwind to index-level prices. The potential delayal of SNAP and 
Medicaid cuts provides a tailwind to consumer sectors
Similar outcome as Republican Win but with an incremental headwind to 
AI on data center pushback. Ultimately, pushback does not significantly 
derail or delay AI capex spending
US Rates
Matthew Hornbach
Martin Tobias
Coupon auction sizes should rise in every outcome, so only 
deficits larger than investors currently expect should move the 
curve. Unified control is the one result that keeps a party-line 
reconciliation bill available, carrying the FY27 defense request and 
any tax extension, and we see that as the main upside risk to 
Treasury's borrowing needs. Additional issuance from wider 
deficits should land in the 2-7 year sector rather than in 10s and 
30s, where AI-related corporate supply now sets the marginal price 
of duration. We would expect the belly to cheapen and 5s30s to 
flatten
A cohesive majority closes the party-line route and removes the main 
source of upside to Treasury's borrowing needs. Deferring the 2027 and 
2028 SNAP and Medicaid cuts works the other way, adding roughly $130 
billion if both slip a year. That looks small against a deficit near $2 
trillion, and it would land in the same 2-7 year sector, so we would expect 
the belly to underperform on net, but only slightly. The front end and 
financing matters more here, because a majority able to coalesce around 
policy asks would use the December funding deadline and the 2027 debt 
limit as leverage
With no legislation passing, Treasury's borrowing needs should track 
what investors already expect, which leaves the 2-7 year sector with the 
least supply pressure of the three outcomes. Larger coupon auctions still 
arrive, since current auction sizes leave a shortfall near $1.3 trillion 
across fiscal 2027 and 2028 and the bill share of marketable debt 
already sits near 22% against 14% before the pandemic. The debt limit 
binds during 2027, and across a decade of these episodes bills maturing 
around the x-date have cheapened most consistently. Narrower 
legislative variance also argues for lower rate volatility. More 
delays/pushback against data center construction would influence how 
investors view the sustainability of AI-related corporate supply. We 
would expect this outcome translates into lower long-end yields
G10 FX
Andrew Watrous
David Adams
Unified control offers the most upside to 2-7 year US yields, 
boosting the USD versus low yielders like JPY and EUR. While 
wider US-Japan yield differentials would argue for a higher 
USD/JPY, both Treasury and the Ministry of Finance have said they 
will not hesitate to intervene again after the July 31 operation, 
which may limit the pace of potential USD/JPY gains. The first-
order effect of larger US spending is a stronger nominal US growth 
impulse, which we expect would boost the USD, commodity prices, 
and broad risk demand. Both the USD and high beta currencies 
(AUD, NOK, GBP) outperform low yielders. Short EUR/USD and 
short EUR/AUD perform well in this outcome
Democrats take both chambers, so Republicans control neither and 
cannot pass a tax and spending bill on their own. Upside UST borrowing 
risks subside, but with little sustained directional implication for yields. 
Growth effects roughly cancel out: delaying the SNAP and Medicaid cuts 
puts money in the hands of households who spend it, while oversight 
hearings and unconfirmed agency heads slow deregulation. The bigger 
risk is trade. Blocked in Congress, the White House may lean harder on 
tariffs and sanctions, the levers it still controls alone, which may be 
selectively USD supportive when narrowly targeted. We would see value in 
owning long-dated USD optionality in the pairs most exposed to targeted 
trade action (CNY, CAD, MXN)
Gridlock and AI-related corporate supply concerns offer the least support 
to the dollar from yields. This scenario also presents the clearest growth 
downside of the three, as repeated funding fights and shutdown risk 
weigh on animal spirits. High beta currencies underperform (AUD, NOK, 
GBP) versus low yielders including JPY and CHF as risk demand remains 
subdued. With yields offering the least dollar support but growth risk 
pointing the other way, we would express this through long JPY and CHF 
versus high beta rather than a dollar view
EM Sovereign Credit
Simon Waever
Slight positive for the LatAm sovereigns that have established 
close working relationships with President Trump, such as 
Argentina, Venezuela, Ecuador, El Salvador and Colombia
Slight negative for the LatAm sovereigns that depend on unorthodox 
support such as the swapline for Argentina and oil deals for Venezuela as 
they may face increased scrutinty. However, in practical terms it's 
unlikely to stop the actual support given executive actions
Slight negative for the LatAm sovereigns that depend on unorthodox 
support such as the swapline for Argentina and oil deals for Venezuela 
as they may face increased scrutinty. However, in practical terms it's 
unlikely to stop the actual support given executive actions
Outcome
Policy Variables
Under executive power, unlikely to see significant change regardless of midterms outcome
Main Risks to Economics and Asset Class
Source: Morgan Stanley Research. For a complete version of the table, see below.
 
Munis: the Exception 
Mark Schmidt
Though divided government is common at the federal level, unified party control is 
becoming the norm for many state and local governments. We’re watching a few 
major ballot initiatives this fall that stand to impact three of the country’s most 
dynamic economic clusters: California, Washington State, and Florida. 
In California, all eyes are on the state’s proposed billionaire’s wealth tax. Investors 
are focused on risks of capital flight, as well as whether fears of additional wealth 

M
 Foundation
16
taxes could cause the legendary Silicon Valley tech and AI ecosystem to disperse 
across the country. 
Washington investors will vote on repealing a recently enacted millionaire’s tax. 
While progressive income taxes are common in other parts of the country, 
proponents for repeal argue that Washington’s status as a no income tax state has 
enabled its tech and AI industry to compete with California and Texas. 
Florida, meanwhile, proposes to cut property taxes to a level that may cause a 
number of local government downgrades. The proposal to significantly increase 
homestead exemptions could force local governments to drain liquidity. It also 
raises questions about whether communities can retain their appeal to new 
residents (and therefore their property values) if the quality and quantity of public 
services are sharply reduced. 
Aside from these three key states, muni investors will be paying close attention to 
whether a strong and stable Democrat majority in both chambers of Congress 
could lead to a deferral of forecast SNAP and Medicaid cuts. These cuts are 
meaningful over time to state finances, even if the impact to the federal budget is 
somewhat less. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
17
What Could Midterms Mean for Data Center Pushback?
Ariana Salvatore, Katie Solovieva, Yimin Huang, Vishwanath Tirupattur
 
Data center pushback has transitioned from a macro conversation to a micro one. We 
find that we are fielding fewer questions about the implications of this political constraint 
on the buildout itself (we are still constructive on AI capex this year and next, as we 
explain here)  and find more of the focus is on the micro: which local races matter, which 
in-progress developments could be struck down as a result of the elections, and where 
the opposition efforts could grow. In this section, we unpack the political opposition, 
identify key races to watch for plausible policy changes, track mitigation efforts and 
expound on what could cause the negative AI sentiment to turn. 
Survey Data Reinforces Salience of AI into Midterms...
Our AlphaWise survey  data underscores the importance of AI as a wedge issue.  
According to our August 2026 survey, 72% of likely 2026 voters say candidates’ positions 
on AI are either “somewhat” or “very” important to their vote choice (38% somewhat, 34% 
very). AI policy appears particularly salient among younger voters, with 76% of 18–34-
year-olds assigning importance to candidates’ AI positions, including 40% who consider 
them “very important.” On the other hand, this issue cuts across political affiliation: ~70% 
of conservative and ~74% of liberal voters say candidates’ AI positions are at least 
somewhat important to their vote, suggesting AI is emerging as a broadly relevant 
electoral issue rather than a distinctly partisan one —though the specific AI policy 
priorities differ across groups.
Exhibit 10: Majority of voters (72%) consider candidates’ positions on AI  important
34%
40%
37%
24%
32%
34%
35%
33%
32%
37%
38%
36%
36%
41%
38%
38%
38%
37%
40%
37%
17%
14%
18%
20%
17%
19%
17%
18%
18%
16%
6%
7%
4%
7%
7%
6%
6%
7%
5%
7%
5%
2%
4%
7%
6%
4%
5%
5%
4%
4%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
Total
18-34
35-54
55+
Under $50,000
$50,000 -
$99,999
$100,000+
Conservative
Middle of the
road
Liberal
Age
HH Income
Political Outlook
August 2026 Survey: Importance of Candidates’ AI Positions to Vote Choice (Among those likely to vote in 2026 US general 
election)
Very important
Somewhat important
Not very important
Not important at all
Don't know / not sure
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
Consumer sentiment toward AI skews positive, with positive perceptions rooted in 
utility and usage, while negative perceptions are driven primarily by concerns around 
risk, trust, and governance. Data from a previous  Alphawise survey in May  2026 shows 
that 41% of consumers express a positive view of AI, compared with 30% negative and 
25% neutral. Sentiment is more favorable among demographic groups with greater AI 
exposure, including men, 16–54-year-olds, and higher-income households. The strongest 
divide is by usage, with 72% of weekly AI users holding a positive view of the technology.
 Time savings and improved access to information are the leading benefits, each cited by 
about half of consumers with positive views, followed by positive personal experiences 

M
 Foundation
18
with AI tools (39%) and improved productivity (38%). Broader societal benefits—including 
supporting innovation and economic growth and improving healthcare and education—
rank lower, at roughly one-quarter of respondents. This suggests that enthusiasm for AI 
today is driven more by immediate, practical utility than by expectations for broader 
societal benefits.
 Misinformation (49%), fraud and harmful uses (47%), insufficient safeguards (47%), and 
data privacy (46%) are the leading concerns. Job displacement is a secondary concern, 
with 28% worried about widespread job losses but only 11% concerned about 
employment impacts to themselves or their families. Concerns about having data centers 
built nearby also rank relatively low at 30%, suggesting local infrastructure impacts 
are less salient than broader concerns around AI safety, trust, and misuse. Notably, just 
7% cite negative personal experiences with AI, further suggesting that skepticism stems 
primarily from perceived societal risks rather than dissatisfaction from direct use.
Exhibit 11: Consumer sentiment towards AI skews positive, especially among active 
users
19%
19%
25%
14%
24%
24%
10%
14%
21%
26%
37%
25%
22%
27%
17%
26%
24%
16%
17%
24%
28%
35%
25%
25%
22%
29%
26%
25%
25%
30%
23%
20%
19%
13%
14%
10%
18%
11%
11%
20%
15%
13%
13%
7%
14%
17%
14%
19%
11%
13%
26%
20%
16%
11%
2%
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
80%
90%
100%
Apr-26 Total
May-26 Total
Male
Female
16-34
35-54
55+
Under $50,000
$50,000 -
$99,999
$100,000+
Weekly
Total
Gender
Age
HH Income
AI Users
Overall Perception of AI (Among Total)
Very positive
Somewhat positive
Neutral
Somewhat negative
Very negative
Not sure
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 12: Positive sentiment is driven primarily by tangible, 
everyday benefits, … 
53%
53%
37%
35%
25%
25%
24%
50%
48%
38%
39%
26%
22%
26%
It saves time on everyday tasks
It makes information and tools more
accessible
It helps people be more productive at work
or in their personal lives
I have had positive personal experiences
using AI tools
It supports innovation and economic
growth
It makes products and services more
convenient or personalized
It can improve healthcare, education, and
other important services
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
Reasons for Positive View of AI (Among Consumers Who Have a Positive View of AI)
Apr-26
May-26
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 13: … while negative sentiment is driven by perceived 
risks
51%
45%
44%
42%
34%
25%
18%
6%
47%
49%
47%
46%
28%
30%
11%
7%
It could be used for scams, fraud, or other
harmful purposes
It could spread misinformation or false
content
It is developing too quickly without enough
safeguards
Concern about data privacy and how
personal data is used
Concern about widespread job losses in the
country
I do not want data centers built near my
home
Concern about job losses for myself or my
family
I have had negative personal experiences
using AI tools
0%
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
Reasons for Negative View of AI (Among Consumers Who Have a Negative View of AI)
Apr-26
May-26
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
AlphaWise Consumer Pulse Survey Methodology: Results presented in this 
report are based on our monthly AlphaWise Consumer Pulse Survey, an online 
survey of approximately 2,000 U.S. consumers ages 16–75, conducted during the 
specified month in 2026. Total sample is representative of the U.S. general 
population in terms of age, gender and region. The margin of error on the total 
sample is ±1.8% at 90% confidence level; higher for subgroups. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
19
 
….But How Much Do Midterms Matter for Potential Policy 
Change?
It's still a state and local issue...We still believe the political incentives are aligned against 
a federal ban or moratorium, even if anti-data center  candidates win their midterm races in 
2026. It's a function of both mechanics and politics: on the former, we see a still-
supportive approach from the President cutting against any legitimate efforts in Congress 
to pass bans or material restrictions, and on 2) we still believe the geopolitical incentives 
are more of a guiding force at the national level. Said differently, we think lawmakers in 
Congress are more attentive to the US-China AI race and more likely to treat AI as a 
strategic imperative.  
...but that doesn't mean it should be ignored.  As we've noted, senate races are less 
indicative of the  overall direction of travel vs. hyper localized Public Utility Commission 
(PUC), state legislature, and governor) races. The reason is jurisdictional: the levers that 
actually bind a project (interconnection approval, large-load rate design, siting and zoning, 
water permitting, and the tax abatement itself) are almost entirely sat within state 
commissions, legislatures and county boards.  To that point, ten states put utility 
commissioners directly on the ballot (9 of which will hold commission elections on 
election day). In the remaining 40 states the seats are appointed, mostly by governors but 
in some cases by the legislature or a hybrid. Hence, in roughly 80% of the country the 
governor's race will be critical to determining PUC composition (albeit with lags through 
appointment cycles). Legislatures similarly write the tax code, grant or withhold local 
moratorium authority, and create the large-load rate classes that determine who pays for 
new generation. As we've highlighted in prior research, more than 300 data center bills 
were filed across 30-plus states in the first six weeks of the 2026 sessions alone, and at 
least 18 states have introduced special rate class legislation for large energy users. 
Accordingly, we summarize key races to watch alongside the areas where we see the 
largest potential for policy shifts following November, with a few key observations:
• Governors are relevant for their ability (in most states) to appoint regulators, 
as well as sign tax and siting laws from the legislature. Elected utility 
commissions are the direct rate and tariff lever. That means they hold broader, but 
softer, power (via directives and regulatory appointments primarily). Commissions 
decide the dockets that set cost allocation and approve generation, and those are 
legally durable. Local governments via  legislatures are slowest but the bodies that 
can make any of these restrictions more permanent.
• Most candidates have converged on restrictions to some extent, but the 
remaining argument is whether to pause development outright or allow it to 
proceed subject to specific conditions. No major candidate in these races is running 
as pro-data-center without qualifiers.
• Tax breaks appear to be the consensus target, regardless of who wins: Abbott, 
Tiffany, Ford, Nesbitt and Georgia Republicans have all called for repeal or rollback, 
and Arizona already paused its exemption through June 2029. 

M
 Foundation
20
Exhibit 14: Key races to monitor, where the elections could lead to more restrictions on 
data center construction 
Race
Status quo/incumbent
Challenger/non-incumbent
Key lever to watch
Company Exposed (Covered by MS)
Governor Races
Total
Under 
Construction
Planned
Land Acquired
Total
Under 
Construction
Planned
Land Acquired
TX Governor 
Abbott (R): halted new approvals pending a 
PUCT/ERCOT audit of ~250–300 projects; wants the 
sales-tax break eliminated
Hinojosa (D): full moratorium by emergency EO plus a 
special session; says Abbott's pause "goes away on 
November 4th"
Governor appoints PUCT; pause is 
administrative, but could be codified 
by legislature (unlikely)
24.0
5.2
11.6
7.1
159
46
92
21
Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, 
Digital Realty, Cipher, Equinix
OH Governor (open)
Ramaswamy (R): day-one EO halting approvals until 
projects bring own power and forgo abatements
Acton (D): conditional moratorium:  100% of utility 
costs, brownfields only, union labor, no local NDAs
Governor appoints all 5 PUCO 
members
6.4
1.9
3.9
0.6
67
26
32
9
Amazon, Microsoft, Google, Meta, 
MARA, Cipher, Nvidia
PA Governor
Shapiro (D): EO requires consent orders covering 
electricity costs and local approval; bars fast-track 
permitting
Garrity (R): calls for a pause, though endorsed by 
President Trump
Both candidates propose restrictive 
policies, the key difference is pause 
vs. conditions
11.3
0.4
10.9
0.0
66
6
60
0
Amazon, Nebius
GA Governor
Jackson (R): no freeze; "no new data center should be 
approved unless the local community supports it"
Bottoms (D): immediate statewide freeze on new 
construction
Tax policy and preemption only; PSC 
is elected 
2.9
0.9
2.1
0.0
58
15
43
0
Digital Realty, Meta, Microsoft, 
Amazon, Google
NV Governor
Lombardo (R): "the new gold rush"; backed a gas 
pipeline to TRIC; reviewing the abatement structure
Ford (D): pause new tax breaks, audit existing, ban 
evaporative cooling, end federal-land siting
Governor appoints PUCN 
2.3
0.5
1.7
0.0
27
9
18
0
Google, Apple, Microsoft
WI Governor (open)
Crowley (D): 100% new clean generation, no cost shift, 
local approve/reject authority
Tiffany (R): repeal tax breaks, bar farmland siting, keep 
coal online
Neither backs a moratorium
3.3
1.5
1.8
0.0
14
7
7
0
Microsoft, Meta, Oracle
MI Governor (open)
Benson (D): statewide guardrails plus a moratorium "to 
protect every community," public portal, union 
contracts
James (R): Lansing shouldn't dictate to localities; 
incentives tied to measurable public benefit
Appoints MPSC
1.4
0.5
0.9
0.0
4
2
2
0
Oracle
GA PSC District 3 (statewide)
Hubbard (D): one of two Democrats who flipped in 
2025, pushing to revisit the grid expansion
Fitz Johnson (R): former commissioner; voted for the 
expansion and DC contract terms; won primary 50.2%
3-2 GOP majority flips if Dems win 
both seats
2.9
0.9
2.1
0.0
58
15
43
0
Digital Realty, Meta, Microsoft, 
Amazon, Google
GA PSC District 5 (open; statewide)
Tolbert (R): "pro-data center" but worried Georgia 
Power is overbuilding
Edwards (D): data centers "must pay the full cost of the 
infrastructure needed to serve them"
Same as above
2.9
0.9
2.1
0.0
58
15
43
0
Digital Realty, Meta, Microsoft, 
Amazon, Google
AZ Corporation  Commission (2 seats, 
statewide)
Thompson (R): "growth pays for growth"; Heap (R) beat 
incumbent Myers
Pratte (D), Hill (D); Hill floats pausing development
Decides APS's (Arizona Public 
Service) 14% electricity rate increase 
request, including proposed 45% 
large-load hike for energy users like 
DCs
2.8
0.8
1.9
0.1
62
15
45
2
Google, Amazon, Microsoft
LA PSC District 1 & 5 (both open)
Hilferty (R, D1): ratepayers shouldn't fund DC 
generation. Atkins (R, D5)
Norris (D, D1) + Justin (I); Green (D, D5)
Vote on ~$15B of Entergy gas units for 
Meta's Richland Parish expansion 
lands around the election
4.1
1.6
2.5
0.0
14
7
7
0
Meta, Hut 8, Amazon, Applied Digital
State Legislature
Status
Relevance
House and Senate races in PA, AZ, WI, 
MI, MN, OH, TX
Toss-ups
Tax breaks, large-load tariff statutes, repeal of DC tax 
incentives, sales-tax waiver (in MI), codifying governor 
package (in TX)
50.8
10.6
32.4
7.9
385
105
248
32
Google, Meta, Amazon, Microsoft, 
Digital Realty, Cipher, Equinix, MARA, 
Nebius, Nvidia, Oracle
Elected Utility Commissions
GW of Data Centers at Risk (2026-30)
# of Data Center Projects at Risk (2026-30)
Source:  Various news sources, campaign statements, Morgan Stanley Research,.  Note: Abbot (R), Hinojosa (D), Ramaswamy (R), Acton (D), 
Shapiro (D), Garrity (R), Jackson (R), Bottoms (D), Lombardo (R), Ford (D), Crowley (D), Tiffany (R), Benson (D), James (R), Hubbard (D), Fitz 
Johnson (R), Tolbert (R), Edwards (D), Thompson (R), Pratte (D), Hill (D), Hilferty (R, D1), Atkins (R, D5), Norris (D, D1), Justin (I), Green (D, D5) 
 In the meantime, we see mitigation efforts underway, which is part of the reason we 
remain constructive on the buildout: we don't see a one-size-fits-all response, as efforts 
are mirroring the three constraints we outline here: 1) higher electricity prices: a number 
of hyperscalers signed the Ratepayer Protection Pledge (promises to build/buy their own 
generation, cover grid upgrade costs, and pay separate large-load rates whether or not 
they use the power). 2) Environmental concerns: Google  has committed to returning more 
water to local systems than its data centres use by 2030 & Amazon disclosed global data 
center water use for the first time this year. 3) Quality of life: Meta launched a $1bn fund 
for host-community teachers, first responders, and infrastructure.
Identifying a Peak in Anti-AI Sentiment: Four Paths
We've increasingly been asked about the potential peak in anti-DC sentiment or when the 
tide could begin to turn. That begs the question: what could force a change in this 
trajectory? 
We see four catalysts that could change the status quo, but note this list is not 
exhaustive:
• Midterm elections themselves: in certain key races, we think incumbents are 
more accommodative toward data center construction than their challengers, 
especially in places like Texas & Pennsylvania. Hence, if the midterms do not 
produce a sea change at the state/local level in these races, we think it is possible 
that the generally pro-DC incumbents who won could revert toward their prior 
positions, with the tactical pivots unwinding faster than the legislation they 
displaced.
• Positive breakthroughs help AI's "PR": Data show public sentiment on AI is mixed, 
with voters concerned about a host of risks (including safety, as our AW survey 
data show). Further, a February Marquette poll  found 70% of Wisconsin voters 
believe data center costs outweigh the benefits, up from 55% six months earlier, 
and in Virginia only 35% said they would be comfortable with a new facility nearby 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
21
versus 69% in 2023. If voters begin to perceive tangible societal goods (for 
example drug discovery, longevity breakthroughs, measurable productivity gains 
that show up in wages, etc.) rather than risk events (safety incidents, public 
warnings from frontier lab employees, etc.) then we see scope for the public 
narrative and the resulting lawmaker incentive structure to shift with it. 
• US-China dynamics come  back into focus with a meaningful capability leap: 
Chinese models are currently trailing both US frontier & and physical layers, but 
the gap appears to be narrowing. A clear indication or leapfrog of a Chinese lab at 
or past the US frontier on a capability with obvious economic or security salience 
could, in our view, force lawmakers even at the state and local level to prioritize 
geopolitical dynamics over local affordability and environmental concerns. We 
think that structure already exists at the federal level, which is why we are high 
conviction that a federal ban is unlikely in the near term. 
• Revenue/economic benefits flowing to DC-friendly states turn the tides of 
public opinion: Likely a slower moving catalyst, but Virginia's JLARC review scored 
the data center sales tax exemption as the state's second-best incentive, generating 
$6.10 of labor income per $1 of exemption and returning 48 cents per dollar in 
offsetting tax revenue, against roughly $9.1bn of data center GDP in the state. The 
benefits are dispersed across payrolls, GDP and construction activity that no 
household attributes to a specific facility. We think the swing factor is whether the 
benefit becomes visibly local. Two templates are emerging: Virginia's 2026 
compromise preserved the equipment exemption but layered on a 1.1 cent per kWh 
tax on data center electricity, capped at $600mn annually, alongside enforceable 
noise standards and water cooling rules, and Indiana is weighing HB 1333, which 
would redirect a share of data center sales tax revenue back to host local 
governments. We think a county's ability to point to a tangible local benefit could 
lead to softer opposition over the medium to longer term. 
Macro Implications: What if AI Capex Falls Short of 
Expectations?
If we end up with less capex than we had envisioned, we  see the following: 
• Less or deferred capex would weigh on growth: Capex has been a meaningful 
contributor to GDP growth. Our economists forecast real GDP growth of 2.3% in 
2027, with 0.60 percentage points tied to AI-related capex (once netting out 
imports). A slower AI buildout also likely means slower growth in broad adoption, 
which taken together with our conviction of the demand and supply imbalance for 
compute, may mean a more elongated investment cycle. However, the impact may 
extend beyond growth: expectations of sustained AI investment have arguably 
supported equity valuations and household consumption through the wealth 
effect. Lower asset prices could dampen sentiment and restrain consumption.
• A capex slowdown should be distinguished from a conventional investment 
downturn: Here, the constraints are political and regulatory, not insufficient 
demand for compute or a shortage of capital to fund it. Demand for compute 

M
 Foundation
22
already far exceeds available supply, and a deceleration in capacity additions would 
intensify and prolong the existing shortfall in compute. In equity markets, this 
could strengthen the position of the “merchants of compute”, the current owners 
of compute – predominantly the hyperscalers – by increasing the scarcity value of 
their installed base and enhancing their pricing power, reinforcing our strong 
conviction in high-quality hyperscalar equities. On the flip side, a capex slowdown 
would have a negative impact on companies for which a broader and quicker 
monetization is existential. AI adopters are a clear example, where slower capacity 
growth would likely raise the cost and limit the availability of compute, slowing 
the pace of AI adoption across the broader economy. A politically constrained 
capex cycle would hence benefit the owners of compute capacity and likely delay 
AI-driven productivity gains, weighing on stocks in our Equity analysts' AI Adopters 
basket. 
• Effects on credit markets could be counterintuitive: A slower AI buildout would 
reduce capital needs and in turn, debt issuance.  Much of the widening in credit 
spreads over the summer has reflected the need  to absorb elevated issuance 
rather than concerns about credit fundamentals. If capex slows and issuance 
surprises to the downside relative to the high levels market are expecting, this 
technical pressure could abate, limiting further widening and potentially allowing 
spreads to tighten from current levels. 
See here for our economists' deep dive on AI spending and its contribution to US GDP 
growth.
Exhibit 15: The contribution of AI investment to growth in real 
US GDP accelerated beginning in 2025
Source: BEA, Haver Analytics, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 16: The contribution to growth from the AI infrastructure 
build-out has accelerated over the past two years
Source: BEA, Haver Analytics, Morgan Stanley Research
 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
23
What Could Midterms Mean for AI Regulation?  
Ariana Salvatore 
We break down AI policy into four specific categories given the range of avenues here: 1) 
regulation/safety concerns, 2) model & broader tech restrictions, 3) AI infrastructure spend, 
and 4) labor displacement response. 
As we've noted before, we think AI policy initiatives seem likely to take shape 
regardless of the election outcome, reflecting bipartisan alignment around AI as a 
strategic priority, but with emerging regulatory and societal constraints. This shift toward 
AI as a strategic, capital-intensive race for leadership with policy (across permitting, 
energy, and industrial support) as an enabler should continue to support the AI 
investment cycle and associated infrastructure demand, albeit with a slightly different 
approach depending on congressional composition. We see election outcomes as more 
likely to shape the pace and geographic distribution of deployment across friction points 
like energy availability, permitting, and labor constraints. At the same time, public 
pushback is emerging as a binding constraint, particularly around data center buildout (see 
here). Regulation, meanwhile, is likely to remain incremental and fragmented: core areas 
like AI safety, data governance, and infrastructure siting may see targeted action, but 
broader efforts appear unlikely near-term.
Exhibit 17: Summary: AI regulation base case across four vectors  
AI Regulation Area
Base Case
Midterms Catalyst?
Key Market Impacts/Beneficiaries
Safety/Risk Concerns
Executive continues to lead absent large risk incident
Unlikely, given high bar for Congressional action in the 
near term
-Inference compute bottleneck
-Leaders in cybersecurity
-AI adopters
Model/Tech Restrictions
"Middle Path": open below the frontier, controlled at the 
frontier
Minimal, as we see executive branch leading on this 
effort, but potential to make restrictions more durable via 
legislation
-US near-frontier models
negative exposure to rising US-China tech transfer 
restrictions
AI Infrastructure Spend
Buildout continues, but on a conditional basis 
Somewhat: will indicate future possible direction of 
travel on federal level, but less imminent outcomes from 
congressional races. State/local will be consequential for 
more idiosyncratic restrictions
-AI infrastructure bottlenecks
-Compute manufacturing ecosystem
-Energy security assets that are important to AI 
infrastructure development
-Hyperscalers with the capabilities to achieve scale 
benefits & drive ROI on their AI capex
AI & Labor Impacts
Unlikely in near term
Somewhat: we expect sustained labor market weakness 
or mass unemployment/shock is a necessary condition 
for a federal response, which is not our economists' base 
case
Source: Morgan Stanley
Public Priorities on AI Regulation Shape Lawmaker Incentives
AI is a clear priority for voters, led by Regulation, Privacy, and Security.  Based on our 
August 2026 proprietary AlphaWise survey, nearly nine in ten likely voters (89%) believe 
AI should be a priority for elected officials. When asked where policymakers should focus, 
voters cite a broad range of issues, led by AI regulation and safety (34%), personal privacy 
and data use (33%), and cyberattacks and malicious AI use (32%). Environmental impact 
(31%), worker displacement (30%), and AI-generated misinformation (29%) also rank 
highly, while U.S. AI leadership versus China (17%) is a comparatively lower priority. With 
several AI-related issues appearing at similar rates among voters’ top three priorities, the 
data point to a broad set of concerns worth monitoring as the election approaches. 

M
 Foundation
24
Exhibit 18: Nearly 90% of voters believe AI should be a priority 
for elected officials ...
AI should be 
priority
89%
AI should not be a 
priority 
11%
August 2026 Survey: AI as Priority for Elected Officials (Among those likely to 
vote in 2026 US general election)
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
Exhibit 19: … citing regulation, use of data, cyberattacks risk, 
and environmental impact among the top priorities
34%
33%
32%
31%
30%
29%
28%
17%
11%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
AI regulation & safety
Personal privacy & AI data use
Cyberattacks & malicious AI use
AI infrastructure environmental impact
Worker protection from job displacement
AI-generated misinformation
AI electricity demand & energy costs
U.S. AI leadership vs. China
None  - AI should not be a priority
August 2026 Survey: Top 3 AI-Related Priorities for Elected Officials (Among 
those likely to vote in 2026 US general election)
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
AI priorities vary more by political affiliation, while age cohorts are more closely 
aligned. AI-priorities are relatively consistent across age groups, though younger voters 
place greater emphasis on worker protection from job displacement (37% among 18-34 
year old vs. 22% among 55+) and somewhat greater emphasis on misinformation and U.S. 
AI leadership. More pronounced differences emerge by political affiliation: liberal voters 
are significantly more likely to prioritize AI regulation and safety (41% vs. 28% among 
conservatives), AI infrastructure’s environmental impact (46% vs. 24%), and AI-related 
energy costs (35% vs. 27%), while conservatives place greater emphasis on cyberattacks 
and malicious AI use (36% vs. 28% liberals) and U.S. AI leadership versus China (22% vs. 
10%). Despite these differences, privacy, misinformation, and worker protection rank 
relatively consistently across political groups, underscoring both shared concerns and 
distinct policy priorities across the electorate.
Exhibit 20: Liberals place greater emphasis on AI regulation, environmental impact, and 
energy costs, while conservatives prioritize malicious AI use and U.S. leadership vs. 
China
28%
34%
36%
24%
30%
30%
27%
22%
11%
33%
35%
33%
27%
32%
27%
24%
16%
11%
41%
29%
28%
46%
31%
31%
35%
10%
9%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
45%
50%
AI regulation & safety Personal privacy & AI
data use
Cyberattacks &
malicious AI use
AI infrastructure
environmental impact
Worker protection
from job
displacement
AI-generated
misinformation
AI electricity demand
& energy costs
U.S. AI leadership vs.
China
None  - AI should not
be a priority
August 2026 Survey: Top 3 AI-Related Priorities for Elected Officials (Among those likely to vote in 2026 US general 
election) by Political Outlook
Conservative
Middle of the road
Liberal
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
25
Exhibit 21: AI priorities are broadly consistent across age groups, though younger 
voters place greater emphasis on job displacement
33%
31%
33%
34%
37%
31%
28%
19%
10%
33%
33%
32%
28%
32%
30%
26%
15%
11%
35%
34%
31%
33%
22%
27%
30%
16%
10%
0%
5%
10%
15%
20%
25%
30%
35%
40%
AI regulation & safety Personal privacy & AI
data use
Cyberattacks &
malicious AI use
AI infrastructure
environmental impact
Worker protection
from job
displacement
AI-generated
misinformation
AI electricity demand
& energy costs
U.S. AI leadership vs.
China
None  - AI should not
be a priority
August 2026 Survey: Top 3 AI-Related Priorities for Elected Officials (Among those likely to vote in 2026 US general 
election) by Age
18-34
35-54
55+
Source: AlphaWise, Morgan Stanley Research
1) Regulation and Safety Concerns
See: US Public Policy & Global Thematics: AI Safety: Implications for US AI Policy, Frontier 
Model Development, and Stock Positioning (20 Sep 2026) 
AI frontier capability gain and associated safety risks have been in focus in recent 
weeks, as there has been substantial newsflow on AI security breaches and potential 
regulatory pathways. We assess five potential outcomes that could emerge in 
response to these developments, including the possibility of heavier government 
intervention. We think incremental government involvement is possible and lay out a 
framework of how to think about further AI regulation in the wake of this capability 
development. Our policy framework in short: we believe any legislative action will lie at 
the intersection of 1) incident salience (how severe an event is in terms of causation, 
victimization, and a responsible party) and 2) instrument availability (whether tools 
already exist to respond). We don't think comprehensive legislative policy is coming in the 
absence of incidence salience, given historical precedent (which we map to ridesharing, 
crypto, fiscal, and other industries), the current politics around these topics, and the 
procedural/mechanical obstacles in Congress. Our high-conviction policy views are 
below:
1. We don’t expect an overarching AI regulatory authority in the near term. The 
federal landscape is fragmented, with a number of regulatory bodies that can act 
when AI harms fall within their jurisdiction. However, no overarching authority 
currently exists, and we think is unlikely in the near term (see #3).
2. We don't expect sweeping open-weight model regulation, only regulation of 
frontier models, as the US administration wants to balance facilitating enterprise 
AI diffusion & managing the relationship with China versus AI sovereignty needs 
(see here). Regulation enforcement of open weights is also mechanically difficult. 
That being said, we could see one-off regulation of specific providers should the 
US government find evidence of distillation.
3. We believe the primary restrictions on US data center growth will continue to 
be at the state/local level (see our recent work here and here), given the 
administration's policy support for data center construction.
4. We don't believe the midterms are a driver of a government response. This is 
because executive power isn't changing until 2029, so any legislation that comes 
out of the next Congress will inevitably have to be a product of collaboration 

M
 Foundation
26
between lawmakers and the president. Second, if meaningful congressional action 
on this front is contingent on a high-salience incident occurring first (which we 
think it likely is), the response should be bipartisan and party control should not 
matter much between outcomes. 
Exhibit 22: Framework: incident salience and instrument availability determine 
government response 
Low
High
Slow/Patchwork
Instrument Bottleneck
States/courts fill in gaps
Patchwork where no federal actor leads
Letters from Congress/hearings/bills introduced; 
public advisories
Bills introduced; none pass
Slow/fragmented/accumulating over time
Statute is the only availabe route; party control 
decides prospects
Binary: large if accomplished, vacuum if not
Eg. Ridesharing
Eg. Crypto regulation
Quiet exercise of authority
 Act First
Guidance and procurement rules, standards 
introduced
Emergency authorities utilized/existing powers 
activated
Fast, narrow, but inherently temporary
Fast, broad agency actions but no new statute 
follows
Sufficient
Eg. June executive order; setting standards
Eg. Nuclear (Three Mile Island)
Incident Salience
Instrument 
Availability
Partial/
none
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
Where could we be wrong? The clearest path we see would be a shift in public 
opposition. If voters begin to prioritize safety concerns over the more typical sources of 
DC opposition (primarily utility bill increases, water concerns & general NIMBYism), we 
think legislation may not require a high-salience incident as lawmaker incentives could 
change: a bipartisan bill could then be attached to a must-pass vehicle like appropriations 
or the NDAA (or triggered by an event with limited measurable harm, like Three Mile 
Island). Our views on capex and stock beneficiaries hinge on the assumption that we do 
not have a major AI risk event that pauses AI adoption.
See here for more details on our expectations re how the midterms shape the government 
response. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
27
Exhibit 23: Assessing US Policy Responses  & Scenarios Relating to Frontier AI 
Capability Gain
Implication
Explanation
Stocks Negatively Exposed
Potential Stock Beneficiaries
1. Frontier model releases 
slow due to government 
intervention.
Government uses variety of tools in our 
toolkit to slow model releases, including 
extensive review/security procedures or 
potential restrictions to frontier model 
distribution.
Companies still continue to use frontier 
models, but we potentially see more mix 
shift to open-weight models.
Initial market reaction negative for AI 
infrastructure stocks, but we remain 
constructive on long-term compute 
outlook.
Stocks best positioned in "Open Models 
Win" scenario
(MSFT, MiniMax, Z.ai, BABA, Tencent, 
PLTR, CRWD, PANW, FTNT, OKTA, SAIL, 
SAP, NOW, SHOP, DELL, HPE, NTAP, P, 
HPQ, AAPL, SNX, INGM, CDW, CIFR, 
WULF, HUT, RIOT, BE, INIO, SEI, WMB, 
LBRT, NVDA)
2a. Cyber investment 
increases due to elevated 
risks of autonomous agent 
attacks. 
Frontier model access for use in cyber 
defense is not universally permitted 
globally, leading to effective cyber 
attacks against those lacking model 
access. This leads to greater cyber 
investment.
Legacy cyber platforms (like IBM, 
Oracle) 
Companies without sufficient cyber 
defenses
Well-positioned, advanced cybersecurity 
players 
(CRWD, PANW and OKTA)
2b. Greater moodernization 
of cyber/software stacks 
drives value to "trusted" 
SaaS beneficiaries.
US requirements for cybersecurity 
platform modernization emerge and 
customers focus on "trusted" SaaS 
players due to increased risks
N/A
Software "Best Athletes"
(PANW, FTNT, CHKP, CSCO, CRWD, 
OKTA, SHOP, NOW, MSFT)
3. US government supports 
AI policy to 1) retain US 
model dominance, and 2) 
protect against security 
risks from open-weights 
models. 
Policy options could be investing directly 
in US frontier model developers, 
permitting greater frontier model access 
to allied constituents and companies, 
and tightening China AI technology 
transfer restrictions.
This is good for frontier labs and 
compute demand. 
Companies negatively exposed to 
heightened US restrictions on AI 
technology access to Chinese 
entities/companies
Chinese open weights model 
developers may be placed on an "Entity 
List", driven by alleged illegal distillation of 
frontier US models
Risk of significant economic harm 
from cyber attacks, and loss of life and 
economic harm from bioweapon attacks
US frontier model developers realize 
faster revenue growth 
 Compute providers
Behind-the-Meter power solution 
providers (BE, VST, INIO, SEI, LBRT, 
GEV, NEE, WMB, PUMP, LBRT, EROC 
and CMI) ; Powered Shell Providers 
(CIFR, WULF, HUT, RIOT, GLXY); Data 
Center REITs (EQIX); Neoclouds
4. More severe public data 
center backlash slows 
capex.
 Public becomes concerned about non-
contained, misaligned LLM agents. 
Potential restrictions to grid access 
favors behind-the-meter power 
generation.
AI Infrastructure stocks whose 
performance is driven by the pace of data 
center development 
Behind-the-Meter power solution 
providers (BE, VST, INIO, SEI, LBRT, 
GEV, NEE, WMB, PUMP, LBRT, EROC 
and CMI); Powered Shell Providers 
(CIFR, WULF, HUT, RIOT, GLXY); Data 
Center REITs (EQIX)
5. While there is support 
from both Democrats and 
Republicans on AI 
regulation broadly, the 
upcoming US elections 
could facilitate a change in 
leadership that leads to 
policymakers introducing 
legislation (based on 
current proposals) that is 
more restrictive to model 
providers or DC buildout.
Legislation could: (A) provide 
"community safeguards" that slow the 
pace of US data center development, (B) 
restrict/ban Recursive Self-Improvement 
of frontier LLMs, (C) require a "kill 
switch" on frontier LLMs, (D) impose a 
tax on compute, and/or (E) hold model 
developers liable for damages from 
LLMs that escape containment.
Data center equipment stocks
 
Frontier model developers
Data center owners, including Data 
Center REITs and Neoclouds (who 
would bear the cost of a tax on compute - 
we believe Powered Shell Providers may 
be able to pass along such costs to their 
tenants)
Behind-the-Meter power solution 
providers (BE, VST, INIO, LBRT, GEV, 
NEE, SEI, WMB, PUMP, EROC and CMI), 
given that off-grid data center projects 
could be developed in locations that would 
not be proximate to communities; data 
center developers and Neoclouds outside 
the US
Source: Morgan Stanley Research.
 
2)  Model & Broader Tech Restrictions
Sovereign AI is becoming a key principle for technology, industrial, and national-
security policy, and an example of the application of the 'new' Washington Consensus: 
As AI capability becomes a source of national economic and geopolitical power, the need 
for countries to secure domestic AI capabilities increases demand for data centers, 
semiconductors, networking infrastructure, power generation, transmission, cloud 
capacity, and sovereign deployment platforms. 
We identify two clear policy consequences that matter for markets and economies 
globally: 1) governments seeking greater control drives both a more fragmented as well 
as more capital-intensive global AI landscape (see #3 below), and 2) we see potential for 
tighter & more expansive controls on advanced technology flowing abroad.

M
 Foundation
28
What do we think is likely? From a US perspective, we see a middle path that seeks to 
balance two objectives: 1) permitting a certain degree of open-weight models (for a 
discussion of the merits of open vs. closed weight, see here) to facilitate proliferation, 
model development, and access; and 2) preventing misappropriation of of American 
frontier LLM IP. In our view, that could potentially be achieved by putting certain Chinese 
AI model developers on a restricted list and prohibiting usage of those companies' models 
by American firms.
Midterms influence: we think the executive branch is likely to lead on this front vis-à-
vis a mix of administration tools (sanctions through OFAC, FCC and import restrictions, 
Entity List additions, IEEPA, etc.), meaning it's pretty insulated from the midterm election 
results. Congress could make the restrictions more durable by incorporating AI and 
semiconductor provisions into the annual National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) this 
year or next, which is why the Congressional composition could matter. Specifically, we've 
highlighted in recent research the potential to include the AI OVERWATCH Act and the 
Multilateral Alignment of Technology Controls on Hardware, or MATCH Act, in this bill 
(see here and here). The AI OVERWATCH Act focuses on the export of advanced AI chips 
to foreign adversaries: versions of the proposal would codify restrictions on the highest-
performance chips and subject certain future export approvals to congressional review. 
The MATCH Act operates further upstream by tightening controls on semiconductor-
manufacturing equipment and components and seeking greater alignment between US 
restrictions and those maintained by allied equipment-producing countries (like the 
Netherlands). Neither measure directly bans Americans from downloading or deploying a 
Chinese model, but they would restrict China’s ability to acquire the chips and 
manufacturing machinery required to train future frontier systems, complementing model/
application/procurement/hosting restrictions. 
Exhibit 24: Policy areas in focus & our expectations
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
3) AI Infrastructure Spend: Capex Intact, for Now
Part of our thesis on sovereign AI is that spending will continue (even in spite of the 
political pushback, which we detail above). Coupled with a broader shift toward industrial 
policy, we think requiring countries to build domestic and regional AI capabilities should 
extend and reinforce the AI investment cycle, supporting continued spending on 
semiconductors, data centers, networking, power infrastructure, cloud services, and AI 
deployment platforms.

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
29
This national-security framing is central to our still-constructive view on AI capex 
spending in spite of political pushback. Given the geopolitical realities (which we write 
about in more depth here), we do not expect the US government to impose a broad pause 
or nationwide moratorium on data-center development. We think the progression from AI 
competition to the physical layer means that federal lawmakers recognize the strategic 
imperative of AI and are likely to continue with a supportive policy (permitting reform, 
DPA expansion, etc.) facilitating, rather than reversing, the buildout. Said differently, 
compute capacity is increasingly viewed as strategic infrastructure, and restricting 
domestic buildout would risk weakening US competitiveness relative to China. In that 
context, we're often asked about geographic differentiation (a topic we address here).
That being said, we think the midterms can be relevant in terms of sentiment toward 
AI capex durability: as detailed in the section above, a sea change of lawmakers at the 
state and local level (in particular those running on anti-DC messaging) will indicate that 
the overall environment is pushing toward more restrictions on data centers. While we 
think that the next two years are unlikely to produce a material restriction at the federal 
level, the elections could lay the groundwork for such action following the next 
presidential election in 2028. 
• Democratic sweep: aligned with our view that equity markets will start to price in 
a higher likelihood for a Democratic president in 2028 should the party 
outperform expectations in November, we think sentiment around the potential for 
continued AI capex will be weakest in a Dem sweep. In that outcome, investors will 
likely read the results as precipitating a near-term constraint at the local 
(permitting, zoning, etc.) level, while looking ahead to federal policies in 2029 
toward this end as a rising tail risk (siting and interconnection standards, undoing 
OBBBA tax incentives, energy and water disclosure, ratepayer protection rules, 
etc.). 
• Democratic narrow win: this outcome (a 'fragile' majority, thin majorities in both 
or other chamber, or just the House not Senate flipping) we think would most 
closely reflect the status quo (questions around the durability but consensus 
around a conditional buildout as the base case). We see federal gridlock and 
opposition between the administration & Congress keeping the substantive policy 
levers at the state & local level.
• Republican win scenario: most positive for sentiment from here because it would 
remove the 2028 expectation, in our view, and raise the likelihood of active federal 
support (permitting reform, generation additions, siting on federal land, and more 
as we detail here). In this outcome we still see uncertainty at the local level as 
these policy efforts to restrict DCs have been bipartisan.
Please see our Equity analysts' thematic section for more takeaways across those 
outcomes. 
4) AI & Labor Impacts: Unlikely in the Near Term
Our US economics team's base case is that fears of near-term substantive job loss - the 
type of outcome necessitating a Congressional response - are overblown. Their 

M
 Foundation
30
research shows that AI's effect on the labor market has been modest to date, with little 
evidence of broad-based job losses. The team's framework is detailed in the gray box 
below. 
In that context, we see limited scope for a Congressional response to AI-driven job 
displacement over the next two years (i.e. not a midterm elections catalyst). We think 
evidence of sustained & material job disruption would have to be a necessary condition for 
Congress to act.  If the disruption is slower (i.e. not a shock to the labor market), we'd 
frame the path as an escalation ladder: the first-order fiscal response is mechanical 
(programs like unemployment insurance, Medicaid, and SNAP expand as needed and 
require no vote), alongside state-level action (expanding programs, tax changes, etc.). 
Conditional on a shock or sustained job displacement, then Congressional action becomes 
possible, but political control (unified vs. divided government, and Democrat vs. 
Republican control) determines the response. In general, ideologically we see Democrats 
leaning toward social safety-net expansion (UI, Medicaid, etc.), while Republicans in 
control likely gravitate toward federal incentives to keep employees on payroll (Paycheck 
Protection Program, for example).
Exhibit 25: Framework: Congressional response to AI-induced job loss
Job Impacts Diffuse/Unattributed to AI
Job Impacts Acute/Attributed to AI
Targeted, tax-code adjustments
Structural, proactive response
-Re-skilling, hiring credits
-Permanent transfer program expansion
-Wage insurance 
-Industrial policy/state-sponsored employment
-Likely attached to another must-pass vehicle 
or reconciliation
-New legislation, bipartisan or 60 votes in Senate
Automatic stabilizers only
Emergency income support
-UI, Medicaid, SNAP absorb expansion
-Reactive response (CARES, ARRA)
-States legislate first
-Fast and temporary
-Congressional control is not a binding constraint
Unified 
Government
Divided 
Government
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
 
AI disruption is still modest, but increasingly visible in the data
Diego Anzoategui
The rise of generative AI has sparked a wide range of predictions about labor-
market outcomes, including some highly disruptive scenarios. We remain relatively 
optimistic and continue to view GenAI as a net labor‑augmenting technology that 
ultimately boosts productivity and real wages. So far, the data are broadly 
consistent with that view. While there is clear evidence of AI adoption and 
changing workplace tasks, labor-market disruptions remain modest, although they 
are becoming increasingly visible.
Our AI labor disruption tracker combines employment and task-based indicators 
from official data sources. Occupations are grouped into high-, medium-, and low-
exposure categories using the classification developed by Felten (2021).
The latest update shows that unemployment continued to rise in highly AI-exposed 
occupations through the first half of 2026, while unemployment rates in medium- 
and low-exposure occupations largely stabilized. This divergence is notable 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
31
because highly exposed occupations have historically been less cyclical than other 
occupations. After adjusting for differences in cyclical behavior, unemployment in 
highly exposed occupations is now approximately 0.5 percentage points above the 
level implied by overall labor-market conditions, up from roughly 0.3 percentage 
points in December 2025. Given that highly exposed occupations account for 
about 30% of total employment, AI-related disruption could be contributing as 
much as 15 basis points to the aggregate unemployment rate as of June 2026, a 
noticeable but still modest effect.
Labor-market flows help explain the pattern. Workers in highly exposed 
occupations are finding it increasingly difficult to move from unemployment into 
employment, resulting in longer unemployment spells. Layoffs also rose more 
sharply for highly exposed occupations beginning in early 2025, although these 
flows have shown signs of stabilization more recently.
The signal is even stronger among younger workers. Individuals aged 22-27 
continue to exhibit the clearest evidence of AI-related disruption since 2023. 
Unemployment rates for young workers in highly exposed occupations continued 
to rise through the first half of 2026, widening the gap relative to workers in 
medium- and low-exposure occupations.
At the same time, more aggregate indicators remain less conclusive. Industry-level 
payroll data show little evidence of broad-based AI-driven displacement. Similarly, 
job-postings data point to a broad-based slowdown in labor demand since 2022 
that looks remarkably similar across occupations with different levels of AI 
exposure.
Overall, the evidence suggests AI-related disruption is no longer just a 
theoretical risk, but it remains small in aggregate. The signal is becoming clearer 
in worker-level and occupation-level data, particularly among younger workers, yet 
broad measures of labor demand and employment still show little indication of 
large-scale displacement.

M
 Foundation
32
Exhibit 26: Our AI disruption tracker is a panel of key labor‑market indicators 
designed to infer the effects of AI.
A  rise in unemployment (12mma) with recent stabilization in less AI-exposed 
… And adjusting for relative cyclicality of occupations, the weakness in highly  
occupations, but continued increase in more exposed ones
exposed occupations is more evident.
The evidence for young workers continues to be  clearer,
AI may already be affecting job tasks: workers in more exposed occupations 
 with a sharper rise in UR  since 2023.
are changing tasks faster, although there was recent normalization in the pace.
7.5
Dec-25
7.7
Jun-26:
7.4
5.2
Dec-25
5.7
Jun-26:
5.7
2.6
Dec-25
3.8
Jun-26:
4.0
0.0
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
8.0
9.0
2023
2024
2025
2026
Young workers (age 22-27) unemployment rate by AI-
exposure (12-month ma, %)
low exposure
medium
high
-0.6
0.0
0.5
-0.8
-0.6
-0.4
-0.2
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
2023
2024
2025
2026
Unemployment rate by AI-exposure (12mma, pp) -
cyclical adjustment residual
low exposure
medium
high
5.4
Dec-25: 
6.0
Jun-26:
5.9
3.2
Dec-25:
3.6
Jun-26:
3.7
1.9
Dec-25:
2.6
Jun-26:
2.9
1.0
2.0
3.0
4.0
5.0
6.0
7.0
2023
2024
2025
2026
Unemployment rate by AI-exposure 
(12-month ma, %)
low exposure
medium
high
0.0%
0.2%
0.4%
0.6%
0.8%
1.0%
1.2%
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026
% of workers changing work activities by occupation 
exposure to AI (12mma)
low exposure
medium
high
Source: Morgan Stanley Research, IPUMS CPS - University of Minnesota (www.ipums.org).
 
 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
33
What Can We Learn About 2028?  
Ariana Salvatore, Yimin Huang 
As we outline above, if we see Democratic outperformance vs. expectations, we think 
the market will initially start to price in a higher likelihood that Democrats will win 
control of the presidency in 2028. Specifically, investors likely begin to question the 
durability of the de-regulatory agenda (in particular for financials and energy, as we 
outline here), the tax changes legislated through the OBBBA, and other key policies 
employed over the past ~1.5 years. We think any such reaction would be misplaced for 
two reasons: 1) our prior work suggests that midterms typically do not produce outsized 
over and underperformance in the following 3-6 months, and 2) the president retains veto 
power for the next two years.  
Issues Don't Carry Over Decisively from Midterms to General 
Elections
We don't see much correlation between midterm election issues and general election 
issues. Of the six midterm-to-presidential pairs since 1994, roughly two of the top three 
midterm issues reappear in the presidential top three, but the top-ranked issue changed in 
five of six (see exhibit below), and the issue that actually determined the presidential race 
was visible at the prior midterm in only two of six. There are two reasons for that, in our 
view:
1. More noise than signal on the top concern for voters (cost of living/
affordability) as it can manifest in a number of different ways. The economy 
sits in the top tier of all twelve elections in the sample (and in line with our AW 
survey data), which means it carries little predictive value across elections. What 
changes cycle to cycle is the channel through which that cost pressure is felt, and 
which party owns the issue. In 2022 headline inflation dominated concerns at 
roughly 31%, but by 2024 the framing had shifted to the general economy at 31%. 
For 2026, the economy is still a top issue at 29% with cost of living and 
affordability alone accounting for 15%, but the channels that matter this election 
are utility bills, health insurance premiums and housing rather than grocery prices 
(as was the case in 2022). Given that neither party owns the issue (voters split 
37% Democratic to 36% Republican on economic policy) what we tend to see is 
the priorities/agenda for voters stay constant but the party trusted to handle it 
changes.
2. In a handful of elections exogenous issues were the driving factor. 2008 was 
defined by the financial crisis (not a relevant concern during the November 2006 
midterms for voters). Seven weeks before the 2008 presidential election vote, the 
economy went from roughly 39% "extremely important" in 2006 to 63% naming it 
most important, while Iraq (the animating issue of the 2006 midterm Democratic 
wave) fell to around 10%. In 2020 COVID and racial-justice issues together took 
roughly 37% of the issue space (pandemic ~17%, racial inequality ~20%) and did 
not exist as categories in the 2018 midterms. Health care, conversely was the top 
2018 issue and fell from 41% in 2018 to roughly 11% in 2020. In 2016, the Trump 
campaign focused heavily on trade, which didn't appear in scale on any lists of 

M
 Foundation
34
2014 midterm issues. The 2022 midterms were similarly was characterized by the 
Roe v. Wade decision leak (not carried over to 2024), which was instead defined 
by the immigration story & cost of living issues.  
The implication for investors: the issues driving this election are a poor guide to where 
policy goes next, or that the winning issues in the 2026 midterms will be the same issues 
to drive voter engagement and turnout in the 2028 election.  
Exhibit 27: Issues: Midterms and General Elections
PAIR
TOP MIDTERM ISSUES
TOP PRESIDENTIAL ISSUES
OVERLAP
EXOGENOUS EVENT OR DISCONTINUITY
1994 → 1996
Taxes & spending; crime; health-plan collapse
Economy & jobs; Medicare & Social Security; deficit; 
education
●●○  2/3
None. Highest continuity, fully reversed outcome
2006 → 2008
Iraq (dominant); corruption & ethics; economy; terrorism
Economy; Iraq; terrorism; health care
●○○  1/3
Global financial crisis
2010 → 2012
Economy; health care; immigration
Economy; health care; federal deficit
●●●  3/3
None. Cleanest continuity in the set — and a reversed result, on composition
2014 → 2016
Economy; health care; immigration; foreign policy
Economy; terrorism; immigration; foreign policy
●●○  2/3
A frame, not an event: trade and anti-system populism, on no 2014 issue list
2018 → 2020
Health care; immigration; economy
Economy; racial inequality; COVID-19; health care
●●○  2/3
Issues like racial inequality and COVID-19 were not as relevant in 2016
2022 → 2024
Inflation; abortion; crime; immigration
Democracy; economy; abortion; immigration
●●●  3/3
Instrument change: "democracy" topped 2024 but was never offered in 2022
Source: Morgan Stanley Research, national exit polling (Pew, CNN)
Reading the Policy Tea Leaves 
That being said, we do think there will be some useful learnings from the elections. 
Where the midterms are useful is in telling investors which debates will be live, and where 
each party is likely to land on them. Ballot measures, same-state margins and nominee 
platforms show which versions of a policy voters are receptive to. Below we map four 
debates to the results that would put them in play, and the market read for each.
1) Social security/fiscal issues: four senate races to track. The 2026 Trustees Report has 
the OASI trust fund falling below one year's worth of annual costs during 2028 and 
exhausting reserves in late 2032, at which point revenue covers roughly 78% of scheduled 
benefits against a 75-year gap of about $30tn. We think, as a result, there's scope for the 
2028 election to largely focus on social security reform (especially given that voters 
prefer lawmakers to make some decisions to reform when pitted against potential benefit 
cuts, see here). We see four Senate races in high-beneficiary states as relevant here (Maine 
26.7% of population, New Hampshire 24.3%, Michigan 23.1%, against 19.7% nationally). 
Given that neither Republicans nor Democrats have formally coalesced around policy 
proposals, we think there could be learnings in terms of receptiveness from the candidate 
proposals toward this end: the more important signal, though, is the Warren-Moreno op-
ed in June jointly endorsing elimination of the payroll-tax cap, set against a 2026 RSC 
budget that explicitly disavows both benefit cuts and a retirement-age increase. These will 
shape the contours of the debate in 2028 and beyond, in our view:
• Maine:  Collins (R) has stated she is  pro-benefit record and commission framing vs. 
Jackson (D) who has said he would remove the  payroll tax cap.
• Michigan: El-Sayed (D) has proposed a  cap increase  vs. Rogers (R), who has not 
made it a focal point of the campaign but said in 2024 that "every option" should 
be on the table.
• Texas: Talarico (D) is proposing a $400,000 threshold for further taxes. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
35
• New Hampshire: Pappas (D) no-cuts-plus-high-earners formula, rejecting benefit 
cuts and privatization.
2) Individual taxes: CA ballot measure. The one-time 5% billionaire wealth tax tests 
certain campaign messaging in a heavily-Democrat state. We read the success of this 
proposal against the tax-relief side of the same slate: North Carolina's proposed property-
tax cap, Oklahoma's proposed growth cap. If tax-relief margins show more support than 
redistributive ones, we think the 2028 affordability debate could increasingly be on cost 
reduction vs. income support, shaping important tax decisions ahead. 
3) Data center restrictions: governors and a handful of Senate races (TX/OH, in 
particular). We discuss this above, but we think the midterms will be critical not for the 
immediate risk of federal policy restricting data centers but to lay the groundwork for 
potential legislation toward that end in 2029. Said differently, we think a future Congress 
could coalesce around certain tax changes (reversing the OBBBA immediate expensing 
provisions, a tax on compute, etc.) as candidates begin to converge on tax incentives as a 
target for DC pushback. The midterms, in our view, could usher in state and local policy 
efforts to restrict DC construction but similarly could be relevant for federal policy 
accomplishing the same thing in 2029 and beyond.
4) Healthcare: primaries could have learnings about 2028. Democrats are net trusted 
on healthcare,  any outperformance in November would provide limited additional insight. 
In our view, in this scenario, what matters is which version of the policy is winning inside 
the party, given single payer and a public option imply very different outcomes for 
managed care, insurers and PBMs. El-Sayed (MI), Stratton (IL), Flanagan (MN), Jackson 
(ME) and Nixon (FL) all made Medicare for All one of the core issues relevant in their 
primary races, while the Senate Democrats' August framework  notably stopped short of 
endorsing Medicare for All, instead advocating a Medicare-like public option and PBM 
reform. El-Sayed is one of the few candidates in a swing state campaigning on an explicit 
single-payer platform (i.e. Medicare for All), so were he to win and  outperform the 
statewide margin this could  strengthen the argument inside the Democratic Party that 
single-payer healthcare can succeed in competitive elections, making it a more prominent 
issue in the 2028 presidential primaries. The counter-signal is whether the Wyden 
framework (the Senate Democrats' healthcare framework associated with Senator Ron 
Wyden) consolidates as the caucus position after November. Our sense from investor 
conversations is that most view Medicare for All as a tail risk rather than a realistic 2027–
28 policy path (aligned with our view), with concern centered less on the midterm result 
itself than on whether a large Democratic margin, particularly one led by single-payer 
candidates, revives it as a credible 2028 theme.
Our Biopharma Equities  team recently hosted their annual Healthcare Conference, and 
large-cap Biopharma companies generally framed the policy environment heading into the 
midterms as fairly neutral, but highlighted potential 304B and PBM reform as areas of 
industry focus. Their key  takeaways from select companies are set out below with full 
details here: Biopharma: 2026 MS Healthcare Conference: Day 1 Biopharma Takeaways (15 
Sep 2026) :
• ABBV: Mgmt said there is bipartisan support across Congress for several 340B 
reform proposals.
• AMGN: Ahead of the midterms, reimbursement, pricing and 340B are the three 

M
 Foundation
36
most active healthcare topics in DC, with a pickup in ex-US policy work as well.
• JNJ: mgmt views the 2026 environment as more stable than 2025 and does not see 
drug pricing as a core midterm theme, though 2028 could bring another round of 
shifts.
• MRK: sees growing momentum in PBM and 340B reforms, which could create a 
potential tailwind for their business. In particular for 340B, MRK noted bipartisan 
legislation in both the House and the Senate, as well as regulatory movement (e.g., 
HRSA's Rebate Model).  
• PFE: Potential PBM reform progressing (two regulatory actions and one 
legislative), while resolution on 340B remains unlikely given lobbying dynamics. 
PFE discussed the HHS 340B pilot starting Jan 2027; Eliquis and Ibrance are 
included.
Exhibit 28: Summary table with topic, key debate, races to watch
Topic
Key Debate
Races to Watch
Social Security/Fiscal
Eliminate or raise the payroll-tax cap (Warren-Moreno June op-ed) vs. no benefit cuts 
and no retirement-age increase (2026 RSC budget); reform vs. cuts framing ahead of 
2028, with OASI reserves exhausting ~2032 and revenue then covering ~78% of 
scheduled benefits
ME: Collins (R) vs. Jackson (D) 
MI: El-Sayed (D) vs. Rogers (R)
TX: Talarico (D) vs. Paxton (R)
NH: Pappas (D) vs. Sununu (R) 
Individual taxes
 If tax-relief margins show more support than redistributive ones, we think the 2028 
affordability debate could increasingly be on cost reduction vs. income support, 
shaping important tax decisions ahead. 
CA: ballot measure for one-time 5% billionaire wealth tax
NC: proposed property-tax cap
OK: proposed growth cap
Data center restrictions
Not immediate risk of federal policy restricting data centers, but laying groundwork 
for potential legislation toward that end in 2029
Governors and handful of Senate races (TX and OH in particular)
Healthcare
Which version of the policy wins inside the party, given single payer and a public 
option imply very different outcomes for managed care, insurers and PBMs
MI: El-Sayed (D) vs. Rogers (R); El-Sayed one of the few candidates in a 
swing state campaigning on an explicit single-payer platform
IL: Stratton (D) vs. Tracy (R)
MN: Flanagan (D) vs. Tafoya (R)
ME: Jackson (D) vs. Collins (R)
FL: Nixon (D) vs. Moody (R)
Counter-signal is whether Wyden public-option framework consolidates as 
caucus position post-November
Source: Morgan Stanley Research

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
37
Tracking the Races  
Ariana Salvatore, Eli Carter, Jasper Lin, Wen Zhang
Indicators to Watch: Dashboard
Exhibit 29: Dashboard: What to Watch
Source: Morgan Stanley Research, sources detailed in exhibit
How Valuable Are Prediction Markets as an Indicator? What 
Our Research Tells Us  
In Kalshi Markets as Macro Signals: A Practical Guide to Prediction Market Pricing, we 
assessed the accuracy and usefulness of Kalshi prediction markets for macro data like Fed 
meetings, CPI prints, and unemployment reports. 
• The results provide evidence of the broader informational value of prediction 
markets and motivate examining their application to elections.
We found that Kalshi’s prediction markets are a useful addition to the macro investor 
toolkit. Their fed funds and CPI forecast accuracy outperforms commonly used indicators. 
For GDP, NFP, and unemployment, accuracy is in line with traditional indicators but 
provides an earlier, first-of-its-kind, market-implied read.
To inform understanding of  Kalshi-implied probabilities, we recommend different 
approaches for different markets.
• For fed funds, the value is mostly distributional. Kalshi can show the mean, median, 
mode, and tail probabilities around individual FOMC outcomes.
• For economic data, the value is often more about observability. Kalshi creates 
market-implied estimates for releases where investors have historically relied on 
surveys or indirect asset-market signals.

M
 Foundation
38
Exhibit 30 summarizes how we would integrate Kalshi pricing into our research 
framework.

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
39
Exhibit 30: Kalshi use-case matrix
Market
Best Use Case
Best Kalshi 
Measure
When to Use
When Not to Use
Benchmark
Relative 
Accuracy
Unique 
Information 
Value
Fed 
funds
Meeting-level Fed 
outcome pricing 
and tail-risk 
distribution
Full 
distribution, 
median, 
mode, mean
Use inside 100 days of a 
Federal Open Market 
Committee meeting, 
especially when 
assessing whether the 
market is pricing one 
dominant outcome or 
meaningful tail risk.
Discount meetings more than 
three meetings ahead or 
during market shocks like the 
Middle East conflict
Futures 
(WIRP)
Strong
High
Headline 
CPI
Near-term inflation-
market read and 
cross-check versus 
CPI fixings
Mean, 
median
Use inside 40 days of CPI 
releases to monitor 
seasonally adjusted 
month-over-month 
inflation pricing.
Do not treat it as a direct 
substitute for CPI fixings 
without adjusting for quote-
basis differences. Fixings are 
non-seasonally adjusted 
index-level; Kalshi references 
seasonally adjusted m/m 
outcomes.
BBG survey
Strong
Mild
Core CPI
Market-implied 
pricing for core 
inflation where 
direct traditional 
exposure is limited
Mean, 
median
Use when core inflation is 
the main rates catalyst 
and survey consensus is 
still forming.
More than 60 days before the 
print, low volumes can make 
prices too noisy to draw a 
reliable signal.
BBG survey
Strong
High
NFP
Market-implied 
pricing for NFP 
where direct 
traditional markets 
do not exist
Mean, 
median
Use before the survey is 
fully populated to see 
where a market-based 
payroll estimate is 
forming.
Do not use as a standalone 
forecast. NFP is noisy, and 
Kalshi does not consistently 
beat Bloomberg surveys.
BBG survey
Competitive
High
GDP
Market-implied 
pricing for GDP 
where direct 
traditional markets 
do not exist
Mean, 
median
Use inside 100 days of a 
GDP print and to monitor 
repricing as component 
data are released.
More than 100 days before 
the print, pricing can be 
volatile and sample depth is 
limited.
BBG survey
Competitive
High
U3
Market-implied 
pricing for 
unemployment 
where direct 
traditional markets 
do not exist
Mean, 
median
Use before the survey is 
fully populated to see 
where a market-based 
unemployment estimate 
is forming.
Do not over-weight small 
deviations. The 
unemployment rate is highly 
autocorrelated and forecast 
errors are already low.
BBG survey
Competitive
Mild
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
We have not yet expanded this analysis to election markets, but the strong results across 
macro markets reinforce our view  regarding Kalshi pricing as a broader source of market-
implied information and make it a natural starting point for election analysis.

M
 Foundation
40
Global Thematics: How  the Midterms Could Impact US Data 
Center Buildout & Sentiment?  
Stephen Byrd & Sabrina Hao
We are hyper-focused on how the midterms impact the shape and pace of the data 
center buildout cycle and investor sentiment. We are focused on two key factors 
heading into midterms: 1) if we get a sea change of lawmakers at the state and local level 
running on anti-data center messaging and 2) how House/Senate majorities shake out – 
with data center sentiment most likely positive in a Republican sweep, relatively neutral  
with a divided government ('fragile' majority, thin majorities in both or other chamber, or 
just the House not Senate flipping), and most negative in  a Democratic sweep. 
On the first point, we want to flag the importance of gubernatorial elections in the data 
center buildout. As we've noted above, local races at the Public Utility Commission (PUC), 
state legislature, and governor level are very important because the levers that actually 
bind projects (interconnection approval, large-load rate design, siting and zoning, water 
permitting, and the tax abatement itself) almost entirely sit within state commissions, 
legislatures, and county boards. Most candidates have converged on restrictions to some 
extent, but the remaining argument is pause vs. establishing conditions to approve data 
center buildout. We’re watching key races in Texas, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Nevada, 
Wisconsin, Michigan, Louisiana, Minnesota,  and Arizona to see how this evolves.
While the next two years are unlikely to produce a material restriction at the federal level, 
these elections could lay the groundwork for such action following the next presidential 
election in 2028. Looking beyond the midterms, we are focused on how policy impacts 
three vectors:  1) the pace of data center construction, in line with our extensive work on 
moratoriums,  2) market share between US frontier labs and open-weights labs out of 
China, and 3) AI safety policy.

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
41
Exhibit 31: Our view on the most bullish and bearish policy outcomes for US 
infrastructure spend and sentiment during the midterms and beyond.
Most Bullish
Policy Scenarios & Impact to US Infrastructure Spend & Sentiment
Most Bearish
Midterms:
State & Local: Incumbents win seats against 
anti-data center challengers
Federal: Republican sweep of House/Senate
Midterms:
State & Local: Anti-data center challengers 
win seats vs. incumbents 
Federal: Democrat sweep of House/Senate
Longer Term:
- "Pro-AI" policy driven by 1) desire to 
protect US interests amid faster Chinese 
model innovation, or 2) greater public support 
of AI's benefits
- Significant restrictions of chip sales to 
China
Longer-Term:
- Heightened data center pushback 
- AI security risks leading to more 
restrictive government policy & public 
backlash
- Slowing of US model development, but 
no restrictions of Chinese models
Source: Morgan Stanley Research
The most bullish scenario, in our view, for US infrastructure spend and sentiment 
would include 1) incumbents winning seats against anti-data center challengers at the 
state/local level and 2) a Republican sweep of the House/Senate. As mentioned above,  
incumbents have been pivoting towards being more critical of  data center buildouts, 
implementing moratoriums, and expressing more restrictive language towards data 
centers. If the midterms do not produce a sea change  in these races, we believe that it's 
likely that incumbents revert to a pro-data center stance,  leading  moratoriums to lift. 
Aligned with our view that equity markets would likely view the probability of a 
Democratic president as higher in 2028 should the party outperform expectations in 
November, we think sentiment around the potential for  AI capex  would be strongest in a 
Republican sweep, as it could raise the likelihood of active federal support of data centers 
(permitting reform, generation additions, siting on federal land, and more as we detail 
here).
The most bearish scenario, in our view, for US infrastructure spend and sentiment 
would include 1) anti-data center challengers winning seats against incumbents at the 
state/local level or 2) a Democratic sweep of the House/Senate. Should challengers who 
are more critical of data centers win their races, it could take longer for moratoriums to 
reverse. Investors will likely read the results as leading to more near-term constraint at 
the local level (permitting, zoning, etc.), while looking ahead to federal policies in 2029 
toward this end as a rising tail risk (siting and interconnection standards, undoing OBBBA 
tax incentives, energy and water disclosure, ratepayer protection rules, etc.). We think 
sentiment around the sustainability of AI capex  would be weakest in a Democratic sweep, 
as the markets would likely view the  probability  of a Democratic president as higher and 
price that in.
In the case of a Democratic sweep, below is how we're thinking about a few potential 
policies:
• Nationwide data center moratoriums are unlikely. We believe federal lawmakers 

M
 Foundation
42
recognize the strategic imperative of AI and are likely to continue supportive policy 
(permitting reform, DPA expansion, etc.) facilitating, rather than reversing, the 
buildout. Compute capacity is increasingly viewed as strategic infrastructure in the 
race vs. China. 
• Tax rollbacks are possible in an extreme scenario, but this would likely face 
executive opposition. There is the potential that a Democratic sweep could lead 
to the proposal of rolling back tax incentives/breaks that benefit data center 
developers. However, we believe this would be highly unlikely to actually be 
implemented, given the pro-data center stance of the executive branch.
• Mandatory safety review of frontier model releases  - already being proposed. 
We've already seen a bipartisan Senate bill draft  focused on AI safety (Klobuchar-
Cruz-Thune), which would create a "duty of care" for frontier model developers, 
require advanced capabilities to be submitted to the Commerce Dept before 
release, and  allow for an injunction if developer safeguards are inadequate. The 
main sticking point is around whether companies self-test models (current draft) 
or are audited by a third party/organization (advocated for by Senator Maria 
Cantwell).
• Laws around citizen protection checks for data centers - already being 
proposed. We could see  new laws implementing  protection checks before a data 
center can be built near a community (such as water impacts, power impacts, 
pollution, noise issues). Three House bills in the National Data Center Plan, 
introduced September 9 by Subramanyam (D-VA), address this: 1) Responsible 
Data Center Siting Act (directs the Energy Secretary to set best-practice standards 
for choosing data center sites, factoring in the externalities above), 2) Data 
Infrastructure Energy Measurement and Standards Act (has NIST develop technical 
standards for measuring data center energy and water use), and 3) Data 
Infrastructure Risk Reduction Act (has DHS/CISA work with the Defense 
Department on a strategy to protect communities living near a data center). 
• A tax on compute and/or data centers - possible, but  more of 2028-29 priority. 
The fourth bill in the National Data Center Plan is the Data Center Fair Share Act, 
which requires data centers/large energy users to pay the full cost of grid upgrades 
and calls on states to adopt large-load tariffs. We view a broader tax on compute 
or data centers as more of a 2028-29 priority.
• AI kill switch act - possible, but implementation feels tricky.  The AI Kill Switch 
Act (introduced July 2026) 1)  requires developers of the most powerful AI systems 
to maintain the technical ability to throttle, suspend, or fully shut down their 
models, 2) gives the Homeland Security Secretary authority to order a shutdown 
or slowdown if a model poses "catastrophic harm," and 3) poses up to $2M/day for 
general noncompliance, up to $20M/day for defying an actual shutdown order. 
Senator Kennedy is allegedly readying to propose his own kill switch bill, requiring 
companies – not the government – to put this in place. While this is an area of 
legislation being explored, it is unclear how this would actually work in practice.
• A law holding model companies liable for damages - proposed, but faces 
opposition. The AI LEAD Act (proposed September 2026) classifies AI systems as 
legal "products," allowing victims to sue AI developers if they fail to exercise 
reasonable care. We believe it is unlikely legislation like this could be passed under 
Trump, but it could be more likely  in a post-2028 election scenario where 
Democrats win. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
43
How do we think about policy scenarios beyond the midterms and their impact on 
capex? We outline a few scenarios below:
• Most Bullish Outcome: First, if capabilities of Chinese model releases begin to 
close the gap with the US, this could force lawmakers – even at the state and local 
level –  to prioritize US innovation. Second, voters beginning to perceive net "good" 
from AI (through drug discovery, job creation, or other factors) could shape the  
public narrative and incent lawmakers to be more pro-AI in their  agendas.  Last, 
significant federal restrictions on sales of advanced chips to Chinese affiliated 
entities could support the competitiveness of the frontier labs. We view all of 
these as positive for sentiment around US data center capex. 
• Most Bearish Outcome: First, we see the potential that public opposition around 
data centers could continue to grow, especially if AI  negatively impacts jobs/wages, 
in addition to environmental, NIMBYism, and affordability concerns. Second, policy 
regarding AI security risk could slow the cycle. Governor Newsom signed  two bills 
on September 9th, which reflect the country's first AI auditing framework. Frontier 
labs have pushed for national AI safety requirements, independent model 
evaluation, and government oversight. Although these policies could be good for 
overall society and safety, they could  lead to a slowing in frontier model releases, 
which could hurt US AI competitiveness if China does not follow. This scenario, 
combined with a world where the US government does not impose restrictions on 
Chinese open-weights models, could lead the labs to lose market share and be 
negative for sentiment around data center capex.
While frontier lab share loss would be a major sentiment hit to the US data center 
build-out cycle, we believe infrastructure spend remains attractive regardless of who 
wins. We don't actually think there has to be a binary outcome whereby Chinese open-
weights models gaining market share has negative implications for US capex. We have 
written at length about open-weights models and how we believe they are positive for the 
enterprise cycle (see more here, here). We make two arguments:
1. First, we believe the shift to cheaper tokens can be a positive for enterprise AI 
adoption and Jevons Paradox. We are already seeing examples of companies using 
open-weights models to rationalize token spend, while keeping usage flat to 
growing, which is helping drive greater quantifiable ROI – a necessary ingredient 
to driving greater AI diffusion. While open-weights tokens are less compute 
intensive than closed-weights tokens, we believe this should be more than offset 
by higher usage. 
2. Should mix shift towards Chinese open-weights models, we  believe US enterprises 
would consume these on US infrastructure, not Chinese infrastructure, due to 
security concerns.  This means that  greater token usage should benefit US capex 
and the associated ecosystem.  

M
 Foundation
44
 
Important note regarding economic sanctions. This report references jurisdictions which 
may be the subject of economic sanctions. Readers are solely responsible for ensuring that 
their investment activities are carried out in compliance with applicable laws. 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
45
Disclosure Section
Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) and Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (CMO)
Principal is returned on a monthly basis over the life of the security. Principal prepayment can significantly affect the monthly income stream and the maturity of any type of MBS, including 
standard MBS, CMOs and Lottery Bonds. Yields and average lives are estimated based on prepayment assumptions and are subject to change based on actual prepayment of the mortgages 
in the underlying pools. The level of predictability of an MBS/CMO's average life, and its market price, depends on the type of MBS/CMO class purchased and interest rate movements. In general, 
as interest rates fall, prepayment speeds are likely to increase, thus shortening the MBS/CMO's average life and likely causing its market price to rise. Conversely, as interest rates rise, prepayment 
speeds are likely to decrease, thus lengthening average life and likely causing the MBS/CMO's market price to fall. Some MBS/CMOs may have "original issue discount" (OID). OID occurs if the 
MBS/CMO’s original issue price is below its stated redemption price at maturity, and results in "imputed interest" that must be reported annually for tax purposes, resulting in a tax liability even 
though interest was not received. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors for more information. Government agency backing applies only to the face value of the CMO and not to any 
premium paid.
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., and/or Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, 
S.A. de C.V.. As used in this disclosure section, "Morgan Stanley" includes Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and their 
affiliates as necessary.
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan Stanley Research Disclosure Website 
at www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research 
Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA.
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any recommendation, rating or price target referenced in this research report, please contact the Client Support Team as follows: US/Canada 
+1 800 303-2495; Hong Kong +852 2848-5999; Latin America +1 718 754-5444 (U.S.); London +44 (0)20-7425-8169; Singapore +65 6834-6860; Sydney +61 (0)2-9770-1505; Tokyo +81 
(0)3-6836-9000.  Alternatively you may contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA.
Analyst Certification
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and that they have not received and will not 
receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this report: Jeffrey Adelson, CFA; Megan Alexander Clapp, CFA; David Arcaro, CFA; 
Stephen C Byrd; Eli P Carter; Angel Castillo; James E Faucette; Terence C Flynn, Ph.D.; Manan Gosalia; Simeon Gutman, CFA; Sabrina E Hao; Brian Harbour, CFA; Craig Hettenbach; Matthew 
Hornbach; Bob Jian Huang; Yimin Huang; Robert S Kad; Toni Kaplan; Ryan Kenny, CFA; Joe Laetsch, CFA; Justin M Lang; Nicholas Lentini, CFA; Jasper Lin; Kristine T Liwag; Meta A Marshall; Cameron 
McVeigh, CFA; Dara Mohsenian, CFA; Joseph Moore; Andrew B Pauker; Ariana Salvatore; Eric A Serotta, CFA; Sanjit K Singh; Serena W Tang; Vishwanath Tirupattur; Martin W Tobias, CFA; Simon 
Waever; Andrew M Watrous; Michelle M. Weaver, CFA; Michael J Wilson; Adam Wood; Erik W Woodring; Erin Wright; Chris Yu, J.D., Ph.D.; Gary Yu; Wen Zhang, CFA.
.
Global Research Conflict Management Policy
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. A 
Portuguese version of the policy can be found at www.morganstanley.com.br
Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies
The analyst or strategist (or a household member) identified below owns the following securities (or related derivatives): Jeffrey Adelson, CFA - Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Walmart Inc(common or preferred stock); Megan Alexander Clapp, CFA - Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Costco Wholesale 
Corp(common or preferred stock), CrowdStrike Holdings Inc(common or preferred stock), Dollar General Corporation(common or preferred stock), Fidelity National Information 
Services(common or preferred stock), JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), Moody's Corp(common or preferred stock), S&P Global 
Inc(common or preferred stock), Visa Inc.(common or preferred stock); Garo K Amerkanian - Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Bloom Energy 
Corp.(common or preferred stock), Cisco Systems Inc(common or preferred stock), Coca-Cola Co.(common or preferred stock), Constellation Energy Corporation(common or preferred stock), 
CVS Health Corp(common or preferred stock), Dick's Sporting Goods(common or preferred stock), General Dynamics Corp.(common or preferred stock), IBM(common or preferred stock), 
NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Qualcomm Inc.(common or preferred stock); David Arcaro, CFA - Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Bank of America(common or preferred 
stock), Dell Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock), Hewlett Packard Enterprise(common or preferred stock), HP Inc.(common or preferred stock), Wells Fargo & Co.(common or pre-
ferred stock); Stephen C Byrd - Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock); James E Faucette - Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), CrowdStrike Holdings Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Eli Lilly & Co.(common or preferred stock), GE Vernova(common or preferred stock), JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock), Meta Platforms Inc(common or preferred stock), Micron 
Technology Inc.(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), TeraWulf Inc(common or preferred stock), Walmart Inc(common or preferred stock); Terence C Flynn, 
Ph.D. - Advanced Micro Devices(common or preferred stock), Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), American Tower Corp.(common or 
preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Crown Castle Corp.(common or preferred stock), Deere & Co.(common or preferred stock), Home Depot Inc(common or preferred 
stock), JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock), Micron Technology Inc.(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred 
stock), PepsiCo Inc.(common or preferred stock), Procter & Gamble Co.(common or preferred stock), Republic Services Inc.(common or preferred stock), S&P Global Inc(common or preferred 
stock), SanDisk Corporation.(common or preferred stock), ServiceNow Inc(common or preferred stock), Visa Inc.(common or preferred stock), Wells Fargo & Co.(common or preferred stock); 
Manan Gosalia - Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), CAVA Group Inc.(common or preferred stock), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Home Depot Inc(common 
or preferred stock), Sunrun Inc(common or preferred stock); Simeon Gutman, CFA - Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Bristol Myers Squibb Co(common or preferred stock), Capital One 
Financial Corporation(common or preferred stock), Corning Inc(common or preferred stock), Goldman Sachs Group Inc(common or preferred stock), Intel Corporation(common or preferred 
stock), Labcorp Holdings Inc(common or preferred stock), Micron Technology Inc.(common or preferred stock), NextEra Energy Inc(common or preferred stock), ON Semiconductor 
Corp.(common or preferred stock), Qualcomm Inc.(common or preferred stock), The Travelers Companies, Inc.(common or preferred stock); Sabrina E Hao - Amazon.com Inc(common or 
preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), NextEra Energy Inc(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock); 
Brian Harbour, CFA - GE Vernova(common or preferred stock); Craig Hettenbach - Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock); Bob Jian Huang - Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock); Yimin Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Palantir Technologies Inc.(common 
or preferred stock); Toni Kaplan - Alibaba Group Holding(GDR), Colgate-Palmolive Co(common or preferred stock), Cummins Inc(common or preferred stock), Hut 8 Mining Corp.(common or 
preferred stock), Intel Corporation(common or preferred stock), M&T Bank Corp.(common or preferred stock), Merck & Co., Inc.(common or preferred stock), Molson Coors Beverage 
Company(common or preferred stock), PepsiCo Inc.(common or preferred stock); Ryan Kenny, CFA - Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), 

M
 Foundation
46
Aon PLC(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Arista Networks(common or preferred stock), Bloom Energy Corp.(common or preferred stock), Broadcom 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Caterpillar Inc(common or preferred stock), Cisco Systems Inc(common or preferred stock), Coca-Cola Co.(common or preferred stock), Costco Wholesale 
Corp(common or preferred stock), Deere & Co.(common or preferred stock), Dell Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock), Estee Lauder Companies Inc(common or preferred stock), Home 
Depot Inc(common or preferred stock), Johnson & Johnson(common or preferred stock), MasterCard Inc(common or preferred stock), McDonald's Corporation(common or preferred stock), 
Meta Platforms Inc(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Oracle Corporation(common or preferred stock), Palantir 
Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock), Palo Alto Networks Inc(common or preferred stock), PepsiCo Inc.(common or preferred stock), Procter & Gamble Co.(common or preferred stock), 
Shopify Inc(common or preferred stock), The Progressive Corp.(common or preferred stock), Vistra Corp(common or preferred stock), Walmart Inc(common or preferred stock); Joe Laetsch, 
CFA - Adobe Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Capital One Financial Corporation(common or preferred 
stock), Costco Wholesale Corp(common or preferred stock), CVS Health Corp(common or preferred stock), Home Depot Inc(common or preferred stock), Johnson & Johnson(common or 
preferred stock), MasterCard Inc(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Pfizer Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Qualcomm Inc.(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Visa Inc.(common or preferred stock); Justin M Lang - Microsoft(common or preferred stock), Okta, 
Inc.(common or preferred stock); Nicholas Lentini, CFA - GE Vernova(common or preferred stock), Regions Financial Corp(common or preferred stock); Jasper Lin - Alphabet Inc.(common or 
preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Cloudflare Inc(common or preferred stock), Corning Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Eli Lilly & Co.(common or preferred stock), Micron Technology Inc.(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Palantir Technologies Inc.(common or preferred 
stock); Kristine T Liwag - NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Palantir Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock); Meta A Marshall - Adobe Inc.(common or preferred stock), Advanced 
Micro Devices(common or preferred stock), Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), American Electric Power Co(common or preferred stock), 
Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Broadcom Inc.(common or preferred stock), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Coca-Cola Co.(common or preferred stock), 
Colgate-Palmolive Co(common or preferred stock), Corning Inc(common or preferred stock), Eli Lilly & Co.(common or preferred stock), Intuit(common or preferred stock), Johnson & 
Johnson(common or preferred stock), JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock), Kimberly-Clark Corp(common or preferred stock), MasterCard Inc(common or preferred stock), Merck 
& Co., Inc.(common or preferred stock), Meta Platforms Inc(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Oracle 
Corporation(common or preferred stock), Palo Alto Networks Inc(common or preferred stock), Procter & Gamble Co.(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock), 
Visa Inc.(common or preferred stock); Cameron McVeigh, CFA - Advanced Micro Devices(common or preferred stock), Akamai Technologies, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Alphabet 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Bloom Energy Corp.(common or preferred stock), Broadcom 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Cloudflare Inc(common or preferred stock), Coherent Corp(common or preferred stock), Corning Inc(common or preferred stock), Eli Lilly & Co.(common or 
preferred stock), GE Vernova(common or preferred stock), Intel Corporation(common or preferred stock), IonQ Inc(common or preferred stock), Lumentum Holdings Inc(common or preferred 
stock), Micron Technology Inc.(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), Navitas Semiconductor Corp(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or pre-
ferred stock), ON Semiconductor Corp.(common or preferred stock), Palantir Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock), Palo Alto Networks Inc(common or preferred stock), SanDisk 
Corporation.(common or preferred stock), Solaris Energy Infrastructure(common or preferred stock), TeraWulf Inc(common or preferred stock), Walmart Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Wolfspeed, INC(common or preferred stock); Andrew B Pauker - Bank of America(common or preferred stock); Mark T Schmidt, CFA - JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock); Eric 
A Serotta, CFA - Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Eli Lilly & Co.(common or preferred stock), Johnson & Johnson(common or preferred 
stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), RH(common or preferred stock), Shopify Inc(common or preferred stock); Sanjit K Singh - Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Merck 
& Co., Inc.(common or preferred stock); Skylar Tennant - NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock); Vishwanath Tirupattur - Abbvie Inc.(common 
or preferred stock), Advanced Micro Devices(common or preferred stock), Alibaba Group Holding(GDR), Allstate Corp(common or preferred stock), Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc(common or 
preferred stock), Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), American Express Company(common or preferred stock), Amgen Inc.(common or 
preferred stock), Analog Devices Inc.(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), argenx SE(GDR), Arista Networks(common or preferred stock), Arthur J. Gallagher 
& Co.(common or preferred stock), Atlassian Corporation PLC(common or preferred stock), Autodesk(common or preferred stock), Automatic Data Processing Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Axon Enterprise Inc(common or preferred stock), Bank of America(common or preferred stock), Bank of New York Mellon(common or preferred stock), BeOne Medicines(GDR), Bilibili Inc(GDR), 
Biogen Inc(common or preferred stock), Block, Inc(common or preferred stock), Bristol Myers Squibb Co(common or preferred stock), Broadcom Inc.(common or preferred stock), Broadridge 
Financial Solutions Inc.(common or preferred stock), Brown & Brown Inc.(common or preferred stock), Cadence Design Systems Inc(common or preferred stock), Capital One Financial 
Corporation(common or preferred stock), Cardinal Health Inc(common or preferred stock), Caterpillar Inc(common or preferred stock), Cencora Inc(common or preferred stock), Chipotle 
Mexican Grill, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Chubb Ltd(common or preferred stock), Church & Dwight Co., Inc.(common or preferred stock), Cigna Corp(common or preferred stock), Cisco 
Systems Inc(common or preferred stock), Citigroup Inc.(common or preferred stock), Cloudflare Inc(common or preferred stock), Coca-Cola Co.(common or preferred stock), Coca-Cola 
Europacific Partners(common or preferred stock), Coherent Corp(common or preferred stock), Constellation Brands Inc(common or preferred stock), Constellation Energy 
Corporation(common or preferred stock), CoreWeave(common or preferred stock), Corning Inc(common or preferred stock), Corpay Inc(common or preferred stock), Costco Wholesale 
Corp(common or preferred stock), CRH(common or preferred stock), CrowdStrike Holdings Inc(common or preferred stock), Cummins Inc(common or preferred stock), CVS Health 
Corp(common or preferred stock), Datadog, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Deere & Co.(common or preferred stock), Dell Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock), Digital Realty Trust 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Dollar General Corporation(common or preferred stock), Dollar Tree Inc(common or preferred stock), Eli Lilly & Co.(common or preferred stock), Equinix 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Estee Lauder Companies Inc(common or preferred stock), Everpure, Inc.(common or preferred stock), First Solar Inc(common or preferred stock), Fiserv 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Fortinet Inc.(common or preferred stock), GE Vernova(common or preferred stock), General Dynamics Corp.(common or preferred stock), Gilead Sciences 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Global Payments Inc(common or preferred stock), Goldman Sachs Group Inc(common or preferred stock), Hartford Financial Services Group Inc(common or 
preferred stock), Hewlett Packard Enterprise(common or preferred stock), Home Depot Inc(common or preferred stock), Incyte Corp(common or preferred stock), Intel Corporation(common 
or preferred stock), IonQ Inc(common or preferred stock), Johnson & Johnson(common or preferred stock), JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock), L3Harris Technologies 
Inc(common or preferred stock), Labcorp Holdings Inc(common or preferred stock), Lockheed Martin Corp(common or preferred stock), Lowe's Companies Inc(common or preferred stock), 
Lumentum Holdings Inc(common or preferred stock), M&T Bank Corp.(common or preferred stock), Martin Marietta Materials Inc(common or preferred stock), Marvell Technology Group 
Ltd(common or preferred stock), MasterCard Inc(common or preferred stock), McDonald's Corporation(common or preferred stock), McKesson Corporation(common or preferred stock), Merck 
& Co., Inc.(common or preferred stock), Meta Platforms Inc(common or preferred stock), Microchip Technology Inc.(common or preferred stock), Micron Technology Inc.(common or preferred 
stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), MongoDB Inc(common or preferred stock), Monster Beverage Corp(common or preferred stock), Moody's Corp(common or preferred stock), 
Motorola Solutions Inc(common or preferred stock), MSCI Inc.(common or preferred stock), Nebius Group NV(common or preferred stock), NetApp Inc(common or preferred stock), NetEase, 
Inc(GDR), NextEra Energy Inc(common or preferred stock), Northrop Grumman Corp.(common or preferred stock), NRG Energy Inc(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or 
preferred stock), NXP Semiconductor NV(common or preferred stock), O'Reilly Automotive Inc(common or preferred stock), ON Semiconductor Corp.(common or preferred stock), Oracle 
Corporation(common or preferred stock), PACCAR Inc(common or preferred stock), Palantir Technologies Inc.(common or preferred stock), Palo Alto Networks Inc(common or preferred stock), 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
47
Paychex Inc(common or preferred stock), PayPal Holdings, Inc.(common or preferred stock), PDD Holdings Inc(GDR), PepsiCo Inc.(common or preferred stock), Pfizer Inc(common or preferred 
stock), PNC Financial Services(common or preferred stock), Procter & Gamble Co.(common or preferred stock), Quest Diagnostics Inc.(common or preferred stock), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Royalty Pharma Plc(common or preferred stock), S&P Global Inc(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Schlumberger 
NV(common or preferred stock), ServiceNow Inc(common or preferred stock), Shopify Inc(common or preferred stock), Snowflake Inc.(common or preferred stock), Starbucks Corp.(common 
or preferred stock), State Street Corporation(common or preferred stock), Synchrony Financial(common or preferred stock), Target Corp(common or preferred stock), TC Energy Corp(common 
or preferred stock), The Progressive Corp.(common or preferred stock), The Travelers Companies, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Toast, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Tractor Supply 
Co(common or preferred stock), Trip.com Group Ltd(GDR), Truist Financial Corp(common or preferred stock), Twilio Inc(common or preferred stock), U.S. Bancorp(common or preferred stock), 
Ulta Beauty Inc(common or preferred stock), United Rentals Inc.(common or preferred stock), Vertex Pharmaceuticals(common or preferred stock), Visa Inc.(common or preferred stock), Vulcan 
Materials Company(common or preferred stock), W.R. Berkley Corp.(common or preferred stock), Walmart Inc(common or preferred stock), Waste Management, Inc.(common or preferred 
stock), Wells Fargo & Co.(common or preferred stock), Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp(common or preferred stock), Williams Companies Inc(common or preferred stock), Workday 
Inc(common or preferred stock); Martin W Tobias, CFA - Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com Inc(common or preferred stock), Apple, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Pfizer 
Inc(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Snowflake Inc.(common or preferred stock); Simon Waever - American Express Company(common or preferred 
stock), Automatic Data Processing Inc(common or preferred stock), Bank of New York Mellon(common or preferred stock), Brown & Brown Inc.(common or preferred stock), Colgate-Palmolive 
Co(common or preferred stock), Cullen/Frost Bankers(common or preferred stock), Cummins Inc(common or preferred stock), Dollar General Corporation(common or preferred stock), Fiserv 
Inc.(common or preferred stock), Meta Platforms Inc(common or preferred stock), Microsoft(common or preferred stock), NOV Inc.(common or preferred stock), Oneok Inc.(common or pre-
ferred stock), Oracle Corporation(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock), Schlumberger NV(common or preferred stock), U.S. Bancorp(common or preferred 
stock), Willis Towers Watson PLC(common or preferred stock), Workday Inc(common or preferred stock); Erik W Woodring - Alphabet Inc.(common or preferred stock), Amazon.com 
Inc(common or preferred stock), Citigroup Inc.(common or preferred stock), CVS Health Corp(common or preferred stock), NVIDIA Corp.(common or preferred stock); Chris Yu, J.D., Ph.D. - 
JPMorgan Chase & Co(common or preferred stock), Salesforce, Inc.(common or preferred stock).
A household member of the following analyst or strategist is an employee, officer, director or has another position at a company named within the research: Mark T Schmidt, CFA; JPMorgan 
Chase & Co.
As of August 31, 2026, Morgan Stanley beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of common equity securities of the following companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research: 4D Molecular 
Therapeutics Inc, Abbvie Inc., Abivax, Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc, Adobe Inc., ADT Inc, Advance Auto Parts Inc, Advanced Micro Devices, AES Corp., Aeva Technologies Inc, Affirm Holdings 
Inc, AGCO Corp, Akamai Technologies, Inc., Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, Allstate Corp, Ally Financial Inc, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, 
Alphabet Inc., Amadeus IT Group, S.A., Amazon.com Inc, Ambarella Inc, American Electric Power Co, American Express Company, American International Group Inc, American Tower Corp., Amgen 
Inc., Amkor Technology Inc, Amplitude Inc., Analog Devices Inc., Antero Midstream Corp, Aon PLC, Appian Corp, Apple, Inc., Applied Digital Corp., Aramark Holdings Corporation, Arch Capital 
Group Ltd., Arcus Biosciences Inc., Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., argenx SE, Arista Networks, Arm Holdings plc, Array Technologies Inc, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Arvinas Inc, Asana Inc, Ascendis 
Pharma A/S, Assurant Inc., Astera Labs Inc, Atlantic Union Bankshares, Atlassian Corporation PLC, Autodesk, Automatic Data Processing Inc, AutoZone Inc., Axon Enterprise Inc, Axsome 
Therapeutics, Baidu Inc, Baker Hughes Co, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Bank Ozk, Belite Bio Inc, BeOne Medicines, Best Buy Co Inc, Bicycle Therapeutics Plc, Bilibili Inc, BILL Holdings 
Inc, Biogen Inc, BJ'S Wholesale Club, Black Rock Coffee Bar, Inc, Blackline Inc, Block, Inc, Bloom Energy Corp., Bloomin' Brands Inc, Box Inc, Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., BridgeBio Pharma Inc, 
Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc, BrightView Holdings Inc., Brinker International Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Brookfield Infrastructure 
Corp, Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Brown & Brown Inc., Brown-Forman Corporation, C3.ai, Cabaletta Bio Inc, Cadence Design Systems Inc, Capgemini, Capital One Financial Corporation, 
Cardinal Health Inc, Caterpillar Inc, CAVA Group Inc., CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc, CDW Corporation, Celsius Holdings Inc, Cencora Inc, Centene Corp, Cerebras Systems, CG Oncology, 
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Chime Financial Inc, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., Chubb Ltd, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., Ciena Corporation, Cigna Corp, Cintas Corp, Cipher Mining Inc., 
Circle Internet Group Inc., Cisco Systems Inc, Citigroup Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc, Clorox Co, Cloudflare Inc, CNH Industrial NV, Coca-Cola Co., Coca-Cola Europacific Partners, Coherent 
Corp, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Commerce Bancshares Inc, Compass Pathways PLC, Constellation Brands Inc, Constellation Energy Corporation, CoreWeave, Corning Inc, Corpay Inc, Costco 
Wholesale Corp, Coty Inc, CRH, CRISPR Therapeutics AG, CrowdStrike Holdings Inc, Crown Castle Corp., Cullen/Frost Bankers, Cullinan Therapeutics, Cummins Inc, Curtiss-Wright Corp., 
Customers Bancorp Inc, CVS Health Corp, Cytokinetics Inc, Darden Restaurants Inc., Datadog, Inc., Deere & Co., Dell Technologies Inc., Descartes Systems Group Inc, Dick's Sporting Goods, Digital 
Realty Trust Inc., DocuSign Inc, Dollar General Corporation, Dollar Tree Inc, Dominos Pizza Inc., Donaldson Company Inc., DT Midstream, Inc., Dutch Bros Inc, Dynatrace Inc, Dyne Therapeutics 
Inc, East West Bancorp, Inc., Edgewell Personal Care, Elastic NV, elf Beauty, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energizer Holdings Inc., Energy Transfer LP, Enphase Energy Inc, Equifax Inc, Equinix Inc., Estee 
Lauder Companies Inc, Evercore Inc, Everest Group Ltd., Everpure, Inc., Evertec Inc, EVgo Inc, Exelixis Inc., F5 Inc, FactSet Research Systems Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Fifth Third 
Bancorp, Figma Inc, First Horizon Corp, First Solar Inc, Fiserv Inc., Five Below Inc, Five9 Inc, Flagstar Bank, N.A, Floor & Decor Holdings Inc, Fluence Energy Inc, Flywire Corp, Fortinet Inc., Freshpet 
Inc, Freshworks Inc, Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd, Galaxy Digital Inc., Gartner Inc., GE Vernova, Gen Digital Inc., General Dynamics Corp., Gilead Sciences Inc., GitLab Inc, Global Payments Inc, Global-e 
Online Ltd., GoDaddy Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Grocery Outlet Holding Corp, Halliburton Co, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd, Hanover Insurance Group Inc, 
Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, Helmerich & Payne Inc, Hess Midstream LP, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Home Depot Inc, Honest Co Inc, Houlihan Lokey Inc, HP Inc., HubSpot, Inc., 
Huntington Bancshares, Hut 8 Mining Corp., HUYA Inc, IBM, Incyte Corp, Intel Corporation, Intellia Therapeutics Inc, Intuit, Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc, IonQ Inc, IQIYI Inc, Jack Henry & Associates, 
Inc., JD.com, Inc., Jefferies Financial Group Inc, Johnson & Johnson, JOYY Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co, Kanzhun Ltd, Kennametal Inc., Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, KeyCorp, Keysight Technologies Inc, 
Kimberly-Clark Corp, Kinder Morgan Inc., Kingdee International Software Group, Kinsale Capital Group Inc, Klaviyo, Inc, Krispy Kreme Inc, Kroger Co., Kuaishou Technology, L3Harris Technologies 
Inc, Labcorp Holdings Inc, Lakefront Biotherapeutics, Laureate Education Inc, Lazard Inc, Legend Biotech Corp, Lemonade Inc., Liberty Energy, Liveramp Holdings Inc, Lockheed Martin Corp, Lowe's 
Companies Inc, Lumentum Holdings Inc, M&T Bank Corp., Manhattan Associates Inc., Mara Holdings Inc., Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc, Martin Marietta Materials Inc, Marvell Technology Group 
Ltd, MasterCard Inc, McDonald's Corporation, McKesson Corporation, Meituan, Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, MGE Energy, Inc., Microchip Technology Inc., Micron Technology Inc., 
Microsoft, MiniMax, Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moderna Inc, Moelis & Co, Molina Healthcare Inc, Molson Coors Beverage Company, MongoDB Inc, Monster Beverage Corp, Moody's Corp, Moog 
Inc., Motorola Solutions Inc, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., National Vision Holdings Inc., Navient Corp, nCino, Inc., Nebius Group NV, NerdWallet Inc., NetApp Inc, Netskope, Inc., Neurocrine 
Biosciences Inc, Newell Brands Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, NICE Ltd., Northern Trust Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., NRG Energy Inc, Nurix Therapeutics Inc., NVIDIA Corp., NXP Semiconductor 
NV, O'Reilly Automotive Inc, Oddity Tech Ltd, Okta, Inc., Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc, ON Semiconductor Corp., Oneok Inc., Option Care Health, Oracle Corporation, Organon & Co., 
Oshkosh Corp, PACCAR Inc, PagerDuty, Inc., Palantir Technologies Inc., Palo Alto Networks Inc, Patterson-UTI Energy, Paychex Inc, PayPal Holdings, Inc., PDD Holdings Inc, PDF Solutions Inc, 
PepsiCo Inc., Performance Food Group Co, Perimeter Solutions, Pfizer Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains GP Holdings, L.P., PNC Financial Services, Procter & Gamble Co., ProKidney Corp, 
ProPetro Holding Corp, Prosperity Bancshares Inc, PTC Therapeutics, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q2 Holdings Inc, Qorvo Inc, Qualcomm Inc., Qualys Inc, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Rapid7 
Inc, Recursion Pharmaceuticals Inc, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., Regenxbio Inc, Regions Financial Corp, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Republic Services Inc., Restaurant Brands International, 
Inc., RH, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Inc, RingCentral Inc, Riot Platforms Inc., Rocket Cos Inc, Rocket Pharmaceuticals Inc, Rollins Inc., Royalty Pharma Plc, Ryan Specialty Holdings Inc, S&P Global 
Inc, Sage, Salesforce, Inc., Sally Beauty Holdings Inc, Samsara Inc, SanDisk Corporation., SAP SE, Sarepta Therapeutics Inc, SBA Communications, Schlumberger NV, SEI Investments Company, 

M
 Foundation
48
Selective Insurance Group Inc., Semtech Corp., SentinelOne, Inc., ServiceNow Inc, ServiceTitan Inc, Shake Shack Inc, Shift4 Payments Inc., Shoals Technologies Group, Shopify Inc, Silence 
Therapeutics Plc, Silicon Laboratories Inc., Simmons First National Corp, Skyworks Solutions Inc, SLM Corp, Snowflake Inc., SoFi Technologies, Inc., Solaredge Technologies Inc, Solaris Energy 
Infrastructure, Somnigroup International Inc, South Bow Corp, Sprinklr Inc, Sprout Social Inc, SPS Commerce Inc, Starbucks Corp., State Street Corporation, Structure Therapeutics Inc, Sunrun 
Inc, Synchrony Financial, Synopsys Inc., Sysco Corp, Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Corp, TC Energy Corp, TD Synnex Corporation, Temenos Group AG, Tenable Holdings Inc, 
TeraWulf Inc, Terex Corp., Texas Instruments, Texas Roadhouse, Inc., The Cheesecake Factory, Inc., The Chefs' Warehouse, Inc., The Progressive Corp., The Travelers Companies, Inc., The Wendy's 
Company, Timken Co, Toast, Inc., Tractor Supply Co, Transocean Ltd., TransUnion, Trip.com Group Ltd, Truist Financial Corp, TWFG, Inc., Twilio Inc, U.S. Bancorp, UiPath Inc, Ulta Beauty Inc, 
Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc, UMB Financial Corp, United Rentals Inc., United Therapeutics Corp, Upstart Holdings, Inc., US Foods Holding Corp, UWM Holdings Corp, Valley National Bancorp, 
Valvoline Inc., Varonis Systems, Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc., Verra Mobility Corp, Vertex Inc., Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Viking Therapeutics Inc, Vir Biotechnology Inc, Visa Inc., Vistra Corp, Vita Coco 
Company Inc, Vulcan Materials Company, W.R. Berkley Corp., Walmart Inc, Waste Management, Inc., WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, Wayfair Inc, Wells Fargo & Co., Western Midstream Partners 
LP, Western Union Co, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp, WEX Inc, Williams Companies Inc, Williams-Sonoma Inc, Willis Towers Watson PLC, WillScot Holdings Corporation, Wingstop 
Inc, Wix.Com Ltd, Wolfspeed, INC, Workday Inc, X-Energy Inc., Yum! Brands, Inc., Zebra Technologies Corporation, Zeta Global Holdings Corp, Zions Bancorporation NA, ZoomInfo Technologies 
Inc.
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley managed or co-managed a public offering (or 144A offering) of securities of Abbvie Inc., Abivax, Achieve Life Sciences Inc, ADT Inc, Advanced Micro 
Devices, AES Corp., Aeva Technologies Inc, Affirm Holdings Inc, AgomAb Therapeutics NV, Akamai Technologies, Inc., Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Ally Financial Inc, 
Alphabet Inc., Alumis Inc., Amazon.com Inc, American Electric Power Co, American Express Company, American International Group Inc, American Tower Corp., Amgen Inc., Analog Devices Inc., 
Andersen Group Inc., Aon PLC, Applied Aerospace & Defense Inc, Attovia Therapeutics, Inc., Autodesk, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Avalyn Pharma Inc, Axon Enterprise Inc, Baker Hughes 
Co, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Belite Bio Inc, Bicara Therapeutics, Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc, Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust, Bloom Energy Corp., Bob's Discount 
Furniture, Inc., Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Capgemini, Capital One Financial Corporation, CDW Corporation, 
Cencora Inc, Central Bancompany, Cerebras Systems, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Cipher Mining Inc., Citigroup Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc, Clorox Co, Cloudflare Inc, 
Colgate-Palmolive Co, Constellation Energy Corporation, CoreWeave, Csquare, Inc, Cytokinetics Inc, Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Therapeutics Inc, Digital Realty Trust Inc., DigitalOcean 
Holdings Inc, Disc Medicine Inc, Dynatrace Inc, Dyne Therapeutics Inc, Eikon Therapeutics Inc, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energy Transfer LP, Enterprise Products LP, Equinix Inc., Erasca, Inc., ERock 
Inc, Evommune Inc, Fifth Third Bancorp, Fluence Energy Inc, Galaxy Digital Inc., GE Vernova, Generate Biomedicines Inc, Genmab A/S, Gilead Sciences Inc., Global Payments Inc, GlobalFoundries 
Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Immix Biopharma, Ingram Micro, Innio N.V., Intel Corporation, Intuit, Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc, ITG Inc, Jersey Mike's Subs Inc., Kalaris 
Therapeutics, Kanzhun Ltd, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, Kingsoft Cloud Holdings, Kingsoft Corp Ltd, Kymera Therapeutics Inc, Kyverna Therapeutics, Legend Biotech Corp, Lincoln International Inc, 
M&T Bank Corp., MapLight Therapeutics, Martin Marietta Materials Inc, MasterCard Inc, Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, MGE Energy, Inc., MiniMax, Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moderna Inc, 
Molson Coors Beverage Company, Monopar Therapeutics, MPLX LP, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., Navan Inc, Nebius Group NV, Neptune Insurance Holdings, Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, Northern 
Trust Corp., NRG Energy Inc, NVIDIA Corp., ON Semiconductor Corp., PayPal Holdings, Inc., PDF Solutions Inc, PepsiCo Inc., Performance Food Group Co, Perimeter Solutions, Pharvaris N.V., 
Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains GP Holdings, L.P., PNC Financial Services, Primo Brands Corp, Procter & Gamble Co., 
ProPetro Holding Corp, PTC Therapeutics, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q32 Bio Inc, Quantinuum, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Regenxbio Inc, Regions Financial Corp, Rocket Cos Inc, Rollins 
Inc., S&P Global Inc, Salesforce, Inc., SAP SE, SBA Communications, Semtech Corp., ServiceNow Inc, Silence Therapeutics Plc, SiTime Corporation, SLM Corp, SoftBank, Solaris Energy 
Infrastructure, State Street Corporation, Structure Therapeutics Inc, Sunrun Inc, Synchrony Financial, Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Hospitality Corp., TC Energy Corp, Tenable 
Holdings Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd., TeraWulf Inc, The Travelers Companies, Inc., The Wendy's Company, Thomson Reuters Corp., Transocean Ltd., Trevi Therapeutics Inc, Truist Financial Corp, 
U.S. Bancorp, United Rentals Inc., Valley National Bancorp, Valvoline Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc., Vistra Corp, Walmart Inc, Wells Fargo & Co., Williams Companies Inc, X-Energy Inc., Yesway, Zions 
Bancorporation NA.
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for investment banking services from Abbvie Inc., Abivax, Accelerant Holdings, Achieve Life Sciences Inc, Advanced Micro 
Devices, AES Corp., Aeva Technologies Inc, Affirm Holdings Inc, AGCO Corp, AgomAb Therapeutics NV, Akamai Technologies, Inc., Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Allegro 
Microsystems Inc, Ally Financial Inc, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, Alphabet Inc., Alumis Inc., Amazon.com Inc, American Electric Power Co, American Express Company, American International 
Group Inc, American Tower Corp., Amgen Inc., Amkor Technology Inc, Analog Devices Inc., Andersen Group Inc., Aon PLC, Applied Aerospace & Defense Inc, Array Technologies Inc, Attovia 
Therapeutics, Inc., Autodesk, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Avalyn Pharma Inc, Axon Enterprise Inc, Bank of New York Mellon, Belite Bio Inc, BeOne Medicines, Bicara Therapeutics, Bilibili Inc, 
Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc, Blackline Inc, Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust, Block, Inc, Bloom Energy Corp., Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., BrightSpring Health Services, Bristol Myers 
Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Brown-Forman Corporation, Capgemini, Capital One Financial Corporation, CCC Intelligent 
Solutions Holdings Inc, CDW Corporation, Cencora Inc, Central Bancompany, Cerebras Systems, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Cintas Corp, Cipher Mining Inc., Citigroup Inc., Citizens 
Financial Group, Inc, Clorox Co, Cloudflare Inc, Coca-Cola Co., Coherent Corp, Colgate-Palmolive Co, CoreWeave, CRH, Crown Castle Corp., Csquare, Inc, CVS Health Corp, Cytokinetics Inc, 
Dassault Systemes SA, Deere & Co., Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Therapeutics Inc, Digital Realty Trust Inc., DigitalOcean Holdings Inc, Disc Medicine Inc, Dyne Therapeutics Inc, Eikon 
Therapeutics Inc, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energy Transfer LP, Enterprise Products LP, Equinix Inc., Erasca, Inc., ERock Inc, Evertec Inc, EVgo Inc, Evommune Inc, Fifth Third Bancorp, First Horizon 
Corp, Galaxy Digital Inc., GE Vernova, Generate Biomedicines Inc, Genmab A/S, Gilead Sciences Inc., Global Business Travel Group Inc, Global Payments Inc, GlobalFoundries Inc, GoDaddy Inc, 
Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Hexagon AB, Home Depot Inc, HubSpot, Inc., Huntington Bancshares, IBM, Immix Biopharma, Innio N.V., Intel Corporation, Intuit, Ionis 
Pharmaceuticals Inc, IonQ Inc, ITG Inc, Jersey Mike's Subs Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co, Kalaris Therapeutics, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, Kimberly-Clark Corp, Kinder Morgan Inc., Kingsoft Cloud Holdings, 
Kingsoft Corp Ltd, Kymera Therapeutics Inc, Kyverna Therapeutics, Lakefront Biotherapeutics, Legend Biotech Corp, Leonardo DRS Inc, Liberty Energy, Lincoln International Inc, Lockheed Martin 
Corp, M&T Bank Corp., MapLight Therapeutics, Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc, Martin Marietta Materials Inc, MasterCard Inc, McDonald's Corporation, McKesson Corporation, Meituan, Merck 
& Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, MGE Energy, Inc., Micron Technology Inc., Microsoft, MiniMax, Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moderna Inc, Molson Coors Beverage Company, Monopar Therapeutics, 
MPLX LP, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., Navan Inc, Navitas Semiconductor Corp, Nebius Group NV, Neptune Insurance Holdings, Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, NICE Ltd., Northern Trust Corp., NRG 
Energy Inc, NVIDIA Corp., NXP Semiconductor NV, Octave Intelligence Plc, ON Semiconductor Corp., Organon & Co., PayPal Holdings, Inc., PDF Solutions Inc, PepsiCo Inc., Performance Food 
Group Co, Perimeter Solutions, Pfizer Inc, Pharvaris N.V., Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains GP Holdings, L.P., PNC Financial 
Services, Procter & Gamble Co., ProPetro Holding Corp, PTC Therapeutics, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q32 Bio Inc, Quantinuum, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Regenxbio Inc, Regions Financial 
Corp, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Restaurant Brands International, Inc., Riot Platforms Inc., Rocket Cos Inc, Rollins Inc., Royalty Pharma Plc, S&P Global Inc, Salesforce, Inc., SanDisk Corporation., 
SAP SE, SBA Communications, Schlumberger NV, Semtech Corp., ServiceNow Inc, Silence Therapeutics Plc, SiTime Corporation, SLM Corp, SoftBank, Solaris Energy Infrastructure, SS&C 
Technologies Holdings, Inc., Starbucks Corp., State Street Corporation, Structure Therapeutics Inc, Sunrun Inc, Synchrony Financial, Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Corp, Target 
Hospitality Corp., TC Energy Corp, Tenable Holdings Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd., TeraWulf Inc, Texas Instruments, The Travelers Companies, Inc., The Wendy's Company, Thomson Reuters Corp., 
Transocean Ltd., Trevi Therapeutics Inc, Truist Financial Corp, U.S. Bancorp, United Rentals Inc., US Foods Holding Corp, Valley National Bancorp, Valvoline Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc., Vertex 
Pharmaceuticals, Via Transportation Inc, Vistra Corp, W.R. Berkley Corp., Walmart Inc, WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, Williams Companies Inc, WillScot Holdings Corporation, Workday Inc, 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
49
X-Energy Inc., Yesway, Yum! Brands, Inc., Zebra Technologies Corporation, Zeta Global Holdings Corp, Zions Bancorporation NA.
In the next 3 months, Morgan Stanley expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services from 4D Molecular Therapeutics Inc, Aardvark Therapeutics Inc., Abbvie 
Inc., Abivax, ABSCI CORP, Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc, Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc, Accelerant Holdings, Achieve Life Sciences Inc, Adagene Inc., Adobe Inc., Advanced Micro Devices, 
Advantage Solutions Inc, AES Corp., Aeva Technologies Inc, Affirm Holdings Inc, AGCO Corp, AgomAb Therapeutics NV, Akamai Technologies, Inc., Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alector Inc, Alibaba 
Group Holding, Allegro Microsystems Inc, Allstate Corp, Ally Financial Inc, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, Alphabet Inc., Alumis Inc., Amadeus IT Group, S.A., Amazon.com Inc, Ambarella Inc, 
American Electric Power Co, American Express Company, American International Group Inc, American Tower Corp., Amgen Inc., Amkor Technology Inc, Amplitude Inc., Analog Devices Inc., 
Andersen Group Inc., Antero Midstream Corp, Aon PLC, Appian Corp, Apple, Inc., Applied Aerospace & Defense Inc, Applied Digital Corp., Aramark Holdings Corporation, Arch Capital Group 
Ltd., Arcus Biosciences Inc., Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., argenx SE, Arhaus Inc, Arista Networks, Arm Holdings plc, Array Technologies Inc, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc, Arthur J. Gallagher 
& Co., Arvinas Inc, Asana Inc, Ascendis Pharma A/S, Assurant Inc., Astera Labs Inc, Atea Pharmaceuticals Inc, Atlantic Union Bankshares, Atlassian Corporation PLC, Attovia Therapeutics, Inc., 
Autodesk, Autohome Inc, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Avalyn Pharma Inc, Axon Enterprise Inc, Axsome Therapeutics, Baidu Inc, Baker Hughes Co, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, 
Bank Ozk, Beijing Kingsoft Office Software Inc, Belite Bio Inc, BeOne Medicines, Best Buy Co Inc, Bicara Therapeutics, Bilibili Inc, BILL Holdings Inc, BioAge Labs Inc, Biogen Inc, Biohaven Ltd, 
Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc, BioNTech SE, Black Rock Coffee Bar, Inc, Blackline Inc, Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust, Block, Inc, Bloom Energy Corp., Bob's Discount Furniture, Inc., Boston 
Beer Company Inc, Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc., Box Inc, Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., BridgeBio Oncology Therapeutics, BridgeBio Pharma Inc, Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc, 
BrightSpring Health Services, BrightView Holdings Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Brookfield Infrastructure Corp, Brookfield Infrastructure 
Partners L.P., Brown & Brown Inc., Brown-Forman Corporation, C3.ai, Cabaletta Bio Inc, Cadence Design Systems Inc, Capgemini, Capital One Financial Corporation, Cardinal Health Inc, Caterpillar 
Inc, CAVA Group Inc., CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc, CDW Corporation, Celsius Holdings Inc, Cencora Inc, Centene Corp, Central Bancompany, Cerebras Systems, CG Oncology, Check 
Point Software Technologies Ltd., Chime Financial Inc, Chinasoft International Ltd, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., Chubb Ltd, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., Ciena Corporation, Cigna Corp, Cintas Corp, 
Cipher Mining Inc., Circle Internet Group Inc., Cisco Systems Inc, Citigroup Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc, Clarivate Plc., Clorox Co, Cloudflare Inc, CNH Industrial NV, Coca-Cola Co., Coca-Cola 
Europacific Partners, Coherent Corp, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Commerce Bancshares Inc, Compass Pathways PLC, Constellation Brands Inc, Constellation Energy Corporation, Contineum 
Therapeutics, CoreWeave, Corning Inc, Corpay Inc, Costco Wholesale Corp, Coty Inc, CRH, CRISPR Therapeutics AG, CrowdStrike Holdings Inc, Crown Castle Corp., Csquare, Inc, Cullen/Frost 
Bankers, Cullinan Therapeutics, Cummins Inc, Curtiss-Wright Corp., Customers Bancorp Inc, CVS Health Corp, Cytokinetics Inc, Darden Restaurants Inc., Dassault Systemes SA, Datadog, Inc., 
Deere & Co., Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Therapeutics Inc, Descartes Systems Group Inc, Dick's Sporting Goods, Digital Realty Trust Inc., DigitalOcean Holdings Inc, Disc Medicine Inc, DocuSign 
Inc, Dollar General Corporation, Dominos Pizza Inc., Donaldson Company Inc., Driven Brands Holdings Inc, DT Midstream, Inc., Dutch Bros Inc, Dyne Therapeutics Inc, East West Bancorp, Inc., 
Edgewell Personal Care, Eikon Therapeutics Inc, Elastic NV, elf Beauty, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energizer Holdings Inc., Energy Transfer LP, Enterprise Products LP, Equifax Inc, Equinix Inc., Erasca, 
Inc., ERock Inc, Estee Lauder Companies Inc, Evercore Inc, Everest Group Ltd., Everpure, Inc., Evertec Inc, Evommune Inc, Exelixis Inc., F5 Inc, FactSet Research Systems Inc., Fidelity National 
Information Services, Fifth Third Bancorp, Figma Inc, First Horizon Corp, First Solar Inc, Fiserv Inc., Five9 Inc, Flagstar Bank, N.A, Fluence Energy Inc, Flywire Corp, Fortinet Inc., Fractyl Health 
Inc, Freshpet Inc, Freshworks Inc, Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd, Galaxy Digital Inc., Gartner Inc., GE Vernova, Gen Digital Inc., General Dynamics Corp., Generate Biomedicines Inc, Genmab A/S, Gilead 
Sciences Inc., GitLab Inc, Global Business Travel Group Inc, Global Payments Inc, Global-e Online Ltd., GlobalFoundries Inc, Glodon Co. Ltd., GoDaddy Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Grocery 
Outlet Holding Corp, Halliburton Co, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd, Hanover Insurance Group Inc, Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, Helmerich & Payne Inc, 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Hexagon AB, Home Depot Inc, Honest Co Inc, Houlihan Lokey Inc, HP Inc., HubSpot, Inc., Hundsun Technologies Inc., Huntington Bancshares, Hut 8 Mining Corp., 
IBM, Immix Biopharma, Immunocore Holdings Ltd, Incyte Corp, Ingram Micro, Innio N.V., Insmed Inc, Intact Financial Corporation, Intel Corporation, Intellia Therapeutics Inc, Intuit, Ionis 
Pharmaceuticals Inc, IONOS Group SE, IonQ Inc, IQIYI Inc, ITG Inc, Jack Henry & Associates, Inc., JD.com, Inc., Jefferies Financial Group Inc, Jersey Mike's Subs Inc., JFrog Ltd., Johnson & Johnson, 
JOYY Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co, Kalaris Therapeutics, Kanzhun Ltd, KE Holdings Inc, Kennametal Inc., Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, KeyCorp, Keysight Technologies Inc, Kimberly-Clark Corp, Kinder Morgan 
Inc., Kindercare Learning Companies Inc, Kinetik Holdings Inc, Kingdee International Software Group, Kingsoft Cloud Holdings, Kingsoft Corp Ltd, Klarna Group Plc, Klaviyo, Inc, Krispy Kreme 
Inc, Kuaishou Technology, Kymera Therapeutics Inc, Kyverna Therapeutics, L3Harris Technologies Inc, Labcorp Holdings Inc, Lakefront Biotherapeutics, Laureate Education Inc, Lazard Inc, Legend 
Biotech Corp, Lemonade Inc., Leonardo DRS Inc, Liberty Energy, Lightspeed Commerce Inc., Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc, Lincoln International Inc, Liveramp Holdings Inc, Lockheed Martin Corp, 
Lowe's Companies Inc, Lumentum Holdings Inc, M&T Bank Corp., MapLight Therapeutics, Mara Holdings Inc., Marqeta, Inc., Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc, Martin Marietta Materials Inc, Marvell 
Technology Group Ltd, MasterCard Inc, McDonald's Corporation, McGraw Hill, Inc., McKesson Corporation, Meitu Inc, Meituan, Merchants Bancorp, Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, MGE 
Energy, Inc., Microchip Technology Inc., Micron Technology Inc., Microsoft, MiniMax, Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moderna Inc, Moelis & Co, Molina Healthcare Inc, Molson Coors Beverage Company, 
monday.com Ltd, MongoDB Inc, Monopar Therapeutics, Monster Beverage Corp, Moody's Corp, Moog Inc., Motorola Solutions Inc, MPLX LP, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., Navan Inc, Navient 
Corp, Navitas Semiconductor Corp, nCino, Inc., Nebius Group NV, Nemetschek SE, Neptune Insurance Holdings, Inc., NerdWallet Inc., NetApp Inc, Netcompany Group A/S, NetEase, Inc, Netskope, 
Inc., Neurocrine Biosciences Inc, Newell Brands Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, NICE Ltd., Northern Trust Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., NOV Inc., NRG Energy Inc, Nurix Therapeutics Inc., NVIDIA 
Corp., NXP Semiconductor NV, Oatly Group AB, Octave Intelligence Plc, Oddity Tech Ltd, Okta, Inc., Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc, ON Semiconductor Corp., Oneok Inc., Oracle Corporation, 
Organon & Co., Oshkosh Corp, PagerDuty, Inc., Palantir Technologies Inc., Palo Alto Networks Inc, Patterson-UTI Energy, Paychex Inc, PayPal Holdings, Inc., PDD Holdings Inc, PDF Solutions Inc, 
PepsiCo Inc., Performance Food Group Co, Perimeter Solutions, Pfizer Inc, Pharvaris N.V., Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains 
GP Holdings, L.P., Plug Power Inc., PNC Financial Services, Portillo's Inc, Prime Medicine Inc, Procter & Gamble Co., ProFrac Holding Corp, ProPetro Holding Corp, Prosperity Bancshares Inc, PTC 
Therapeutics, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q2 Holdings Inc, Q32 Bio Inc, Qualcomm Inc., Qualys Inc, Quantinuum, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Rapid7 Inc, Recursion Pharmaceuticals Inc, 
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., Regenxbio Inc, Regions Financial Corp, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Restaurant Brands International, Inc., RH, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Inc, RingCentral Inc, Riot 
Platforms Inc., Rocket Cos Inc, Rocket Pharmaceuticals Inc, Rollins Inc., Royalty Pharma Plc, Ryan Specialty Holdings Inc, S&P Global Inc, Sage, SailPoint Inc, Salesforce, Inc., Samsara Inc, Sana 
Biotechnology, Inc, SanDisk Corporation., SAP SE, Sarepta Therapeutics Inc, SBA Communications, Schlumberger NV, SEI Investments Company, Selective Insurance Group Inc., Semtech Corp., 
SentinelOne, Inc., ServiceNow Inc, ServiceTitan Inc, Shake Shack Inc, Shopify Inc, Silence Therapeutics Plc, Silicon Laboratories Inc., Simmons First National Corp, SiTime Corporation, Skyworks 
Solutions Inc, Slide Insurance Holdings Inc, SLM Corp, Snowflake Inc., SoFi Technologies, Inc., SoftBank, Solaredge Technologies Inc, Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Somnigroup International Inc, 
South Bow Corp, Sprinklr Inc, Sprout Social Inc, SPS Commerce Inc, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc., Starbucks Corp., State Street Corporation, Structure Therapeutics Inc, Sunrun Inc, 
Sweetgreen, Inc., Synchrony Financial, Synopsys Inc., Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Corp, Target Hospitality Corp., TC Energy Corp, Temenos Group AG, Tenable Holdings 
Inc, Tenaya Therapeutics Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd., TeraWulf Inc, Terex Corp., Texas Instruments, Texas Roadhouse, Inc., The Progressive Corp., The Travelers Companies, Inc., The Wendy's 
Company, Thomson Reuters Corp., Tieto Oyj, Timken Co, Toast, Inc., Tongcheng Travel Holdings, Transocean Ltd., TransUnion, Trevi Therapeutics Inc, Trip.com Group Ltd, Truist Financial Corp, 
Tscan Therapeutics Inc, Tuya Inc., TWFG, Inc., Twilio Inc, U.S. Bancorp, UiPath Inc, Ulta Beauty Inc, Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc, UMB Financial Corp, United Rentals Inc., Upstart Holdings, Inc., 
US Foods Holding Corp, UWM Holdings Corp, Valley National Bancorp, Valvoline Inc., Varonis Systems, Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc., Vertex Inc., Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Via Transportation Inc, 
Viking Therapeutics Inc, Vipshop Holdings Ltd, Vir Biotechnology Inc, Visa Inc., Vistra Corp, Vita Coco Company Inc, W.R. Berkley Corp., Walmart Inc, Waste Connections Inc., Waste Management, 
Inc., WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, Weibo Corp, Wells Fargo & Co., Western Midstream Partners LP, Western Union Co, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp, WEX Inc, Williams 
Companies Inc, Williams-Sonoma Inc, Willis Towers Watson PLC, WillScot Holdings Corporation, Wingstop Inc, Wix.Com Ltd, Wolfspeed, INC, Workday Inc, X-Energy Inc., Yesway, Yonyou 

M
 Foundation
50
Network Technology Co Ltd, Yum! Brands, Inc., Z.AI CO., LTD., Zebra Technologies Corporation, Zenas Biopharma Inc, Zentalis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Zeta Global Holdings Corp, Zions 
Bancorporation NA, Zoom Communications, Zscaler Inc.
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking services from Abbvie Inc., Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc, 
Accelerant Holdings, Adobe Inc., ADT Inc, Advance Auto Parts Inc, Advanced Micro Devices, Advantage Solutions Inc, AES Corp., Affirm Holdings Inc, AGCO Corp, Akamai Technologies, Inc., 
Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Allegro Microsystems Inc, Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, Allstate Corp, Ally Financial Inc, Alphabet Inc., Amadeus IT Group, S.A., 
Amazon.com Inc, Ambarella Inc, American Electric Power Co, American Express Company, American International Group Inc, American Tower Corp., Amgen Inc., Amkor Technology Inc, Amplitude 
Inc., Analog Devices Inc., Aon PLC, Apple, Inc., Aramark Holdings Corporation, Arch Capital Group Ltd., Array Technologies Inc, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Asana Inc, Assurant Inc., Atlantic Union 
Bankshares, Atlassian Corporation PLC, Autodesk, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Axon Enterprise Inc, Baidu Inc, Baker Hughes Co, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Bank Ozk, BeOne 
Medicines, Bilibili Inc, Biogen Inc, BJ'S Wholesale Club, Blackline Inc, Block, Inc, Bloom Energy Corp., Box Inc, Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc, BrightSpring Health 
Services, BrightView Holdings Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Brown & Brown Inc., Cadence Design 
Systems Inc, Capgemini, Capital One Financial Corporation, Cardinal Health Inc, Caterpillar Inc, CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc, CDW Corporation, Celsius Holdings Inc, Cencora Inc, 
Centene Corp, Central Bancompany, Cerebras Systems, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Chime Financial Inc, Chubb Ltd, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., Ciena Corporation, Cigna Corp, Cintas 
Corp, Cipher Mining Inc., Cisco Systems Inc, Citigroup Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc, Clorox Co, Cloudflare Inc, CNH Industrial NV, Coca-Cola Co., Coca-Cola Europacific Partners, Coherent 
Corp, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Commerce Bancshares Inc, Constellation Brands Inc, Constellation Energy Corporation, CoreWeave, Corning Inc, Corpay Inc, Coty Inc, CRH, CrowdStrike Holdings 
Inc, Crown Castle Corp., Csquare, Inc, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Cummins Inc, Customers Bancorp Inc, CVS Health Corp, Dassault Systemes SA, Dell Technologies Inc., Digital Realty Trust Inc., 
DigitalOcean Holdings Inc, DocuSign Inc, Dollar General Corporation, Dominos Pizza Inc., Driven Brands Holdings Inc, DT Midstream, Inc., Dynatrace Inc, East West Bancorp, Inc., Edgewell 
Personal Care, elf Beauty, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energizer Holdings Inc., Energy Transfer LP, Enterprise Products LP, Equifax Inc, Equinix Inc., ERock Inc, Evercore Inc, Fidelity National Information 
Services, Fifth Third Bancorp, Figma Inc, First Horizon Corp, First Solar Inc, Fiserv Inc., Five9 Inc, Fluence Energy Inc, Freshworks Inc, Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd, GE Vernova, Gen Digital Inc., Genmab 
A/S, Gilead Sciences Inc., GitLab Inc, Global Business Travel Group Inc, Global Payments Inc, Global-e Online Ltd., GlobalFoundries Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Grocery Outlet Holding Corp, 
Halliburton Co, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Hanover Insurance Group Inc, Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, HBX Group International PLC, Helmerich & Payne Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, 
Hexagon AB, Home Depot Inc, HP Inc., HubSpot, Inc., Huntington Bancshares, HUYA Inc, IBM, Incyte Corp, Ingram Micro, Innio N.V., Insmed Inc, Intact Financial Corporation, Intel Corporation, 
Intuit, Jack in the Box Inc., Jefferies Financial Group Inc, Jersey Mike's Subs Inc., JFrog Ltd., Johnson & Johnson, JOYY Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co, Kanzhun Ltd, KE Holdings Inc, Keurig Dr Pepper 
Inc, KeyCorp, Kimberly-Clark Corp, Kinder Morgan Inc., Kindercare Learning Companies Inc, Kinetik Holdings Inc, Kingsoft Corp Ltd, Klarna Group Plc, Klaviyo, Inc, Krispy Kreme Inc, Kroger Co., 
L3Harris Technologies Inc, Lakefront Biotherapeutics, Laureate Education Inc, Lazard Inc, Leonardo DRS Inc, Liberty Energy, Lockheed Martin Corp, Lowe's Companies Inc, Lumentum Holdings 
Inc, M&T Bank Corp., Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc, Marvell Technology Group Ltd, MasterCard Inc, McDonald's Corporation, McGraw Hill, Inc., McKesson Corporation, Meituan, Merchants Bancorp, 
Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, Microchip Technology Inc., Micron Technology Inc., Microsoft, Moderna Inc, Molina Healthcare Inc, Molson Coors Beverage Company, monday.com Ltd, 
MongoDB Inc, Monster Beverage Corp, Moody's Corp, Motorola Solutions Inc, MPLX LP, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., National Vision Holdings Inc., Navient Corp, Neptune Insurance Holdings, 
Inc., NetApp Inc, NetEase, Inc, Newell Brands Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, NICE Ltd., Northern Trust Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., NRG Energy Inc, NVIDIA Corp., NXP Semiconductor NV, O'Reilly 
Automotive Inc, Oatly Group AB, ON Semiconductor Corp., Oneok Inc., Oracle Corporation, Organon & Co., Oshkosh Corp, Palantir Technologies Inc., Palo Alto Networks Inc, Paychex Inc, PayPal 
Holdings, Inc., PepsiCo Inc., Perimeter Solutions, Petco Health and Wellness co, Pfizer Inc, Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains 
GP Holdings, L.P., PNC Financial Services, Portillo's Inc, Procter & Gamble Co., ProFrac Holding Corp, ProPetro Holding Corp, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Qorvo Inc, Qualcomm Inc., Quest 
Diagnostics Inc., Regions Financial Corp, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Republic Services Inc., Restaurant Brands International, Inc., RH, RingCentral Inc, Rocket Cos Inc, Rollins Inc., Royalty Pharma 
Plc, Ryan Specialty Holdings Inc, S&P Global Inc, SailPoint Inc, Salesforce, Inc., SAP SE, SBA Communications, Schlumberger NV, SEI Investments Company, Semtech Corp., SentinelOne, Inc., 
ServiceNow Inc, ServiceTitan Inc, Shift4 Payments Inc., Shoals Technologies Group, Silicon Laboratories Inc., SiTime Corporation, SLM Corp, Snowflake Inc., SoFi Technologies, Inc., SS&C 
Technologies Holdings, Inc., Starbucks Corp., State Street Corporation, Sunrun Inc, Synopsys Inc., Sysco Corp, Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Corp, Target Hospitality Corp., 
TC Energy Corp, TD Synnex Corporation, Tenable Holdings Inc, Tenaris SA, Tencent Holdings Ltd., TeraWulf Inc, Terex Corp., Texas Instruments, The Progressive Corp., The Travelers Companies, 
Inc., The Wendy's Company, Thomson Reuters Corp., Tieto Oyj, Timken Co, Toast, Inc., Tongcheng Travel Holdings, Transocean Ltd., TransUnion, Trip.com Group Ltd, Truist Financial Corp, TWFG, 
Inc., Twilio Inc, U.S. Bancorp, UiPath Inc, UMB Financial Corp, United Rentals Inc., US Foods Holding Corp, UWM Holdings Corp, Valley National Bancorp, Valvoline Inc., Varonis Systems, Inc., Verisk 
Analytics, Inc., Verra Mobility Corp, Vipshop Holdings Ltd, Visa Inc., Vistra Corp, Vita Coco Company Inc, W.R. Berkley Corp., Walmart Inc, Waste Connections Inc., Waste Management, Inc., 
WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, Weibo Corp, Wells Fargo & Co., Western Midstream Partners LP, Western Union Co, WEX Inc, Williams Companies Inc, Willis Towers Watson PLC, WillScot 
Holdings Corporation, Wingstop Inc, Workday Inc, Yum! Brands, Inc., Zebra Technologies Corporation, Zeta Global Holdings Corp, Zions Bancorporation NA, Zoom Communications, Zscaler 
Inc.
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has provided or is providing investment banking services to, or has an investment banking client relationship with, the following company: 4D 
Molecular Therapeutics Inc, Aardvark Therapeutics Inc., Abbvie Inc., Abivax, ABSCI CORP, Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc, Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc, Accelerant Holdings, Achieve Life 
Sciences Inc, Adagene Inc., Adobe Inc., ADT Inc, Advanced Micro Devices, Advantage Solutions Inc, AES Corp., Aeva Technologies Inc, Affirm Holdings Inc, AGCO Corp, AgomAb Therapeutics 
NV, Akamai Technologies, Inc., Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alector Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Allegro Microsystems Inc, Allstate Corp, Ally Financial Inc, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, Alphabet 
Inc., Alumis Inc., Amadeus IT Group, S.A., Amazon.com Inc, Ambarella Inc, American Electric Power Co, American Express Company, American International Group Inc, American Tower Corp., 
Amgen Inc., Amkor Technology Inc, Amplitude Inc., Analog Devices Inc., Andersen Group Inc., Antero Midstream Corp, Aon PLC, Appian Corp, Apple, Inc., Applied Aerospace & Defense Inc, Applied 
Digital Corp., Aramark Holdings Corporation, Arch Capital Group Ltd., Arcus Biosciences Inc., Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., argenx SE, Arhaus Inc, Arista Networks, Arm Holdings plc, Array 
Technologies Inc, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Arvinas Inc, Asana Inc, Ascendis Pharma A/S, Assurant Inc., Astera Labs Inc, Atea Pharmaceuticals Inc, Atlantic Union 
Bankshares, Atlassian Corporation PLC, Attovia Therapeutics, Inc., Autodesk, Autohome Inc, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Avalyn Pharma Inc, Axon Enterprise Inc, Axsome Therapeutics, Baidu 
Inc, Baker Hughes Co, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Bank Ozk, Beijing Kingsoft Office Software Inc, Belite Bio Inc, BeOne Medicines, Best Buy Co Inc, Bicara Therapeutics, Bilibili 
Inc, BILL Holdings Inc, BioAge Labs Inc, Biogen Inc, Biohaven Ltd, Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc, BioNTech SE, Black Rock Coffee Bar, Inc, Blackline Inc, Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust, Block, 
Inc, Bloom Energy Corp., Bob's Discount Furniture, Inc., Boston Beer Company Inc, Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc., Box Inc, Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., BridgeBio Oncology Therapeutics, 
BridgeBio Pharma Inc, Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc, BrightSpring Health Services, BrightView Holdings Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., 
Brookfield Infrastructure Corp, Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Brown & Brown Inc., Brown-Forman Corporation, C3.ai, Cabaletta Bio Inc, Cadence Design Systems Inc, Capgemini, Capital 
One Financial Corporation, Cardinal Health Inc, Caterpillar Inc, CAVA Group Inc., CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc, CDW Corporation, Celsius Holdings Inc, Cencora Inc, Centene Corp, Central 
Bancompany, Cerebras Systems, CG Oncology, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Chime Financial Inc, Chinasoft International Ltd, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., Chubb Ltd, Church & Dwight 
Co., Inc., Ciena Corporation, Cigna Corp, Cintas Corp, Cipher Mining Inc., Circle Internet Group Inc., Cisco Systems Inc, Citigroup Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc, Clarivate Plc., Clorox Co, Cloudflare 
Inc, CNH Industrial NV, Coca-Cola Co., Coca-Cola Europacific Partners, Coherent Corp, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Commerce Bancshares Inc, Compass Pathways PLC, Constellation Brands Inc, 
Constellation Energy Corporation, Contineum Therapeutics, CoreWeave, Corning Inc, Corpay Inc, Costco Wholesale Corp, Coty Inc, CRH, CRISPR Therapeutics AG, CrowdStrike Holdings Inc, 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
51
Crown Castle Corp., Csquare, Inc, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Cullinan Therapeutics, Cummins Inc, Curtiss-Wright Corp., Customers Bancorp Inc, CVS Health Corp, Cytokinetics Inc, Darden Restaurants 
Inc., Dassault Systemes SA, Datadog, Inc., Deere & Co., Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Therapeutics Inc, Descartes Systems Group Inc, Dick's Sporting Goods, Digital Realty Trust Inc., DigitalOcean 
Holdings Inc, Disc Medicine Inc, DocuSign Inc, Dollar General Corporation, Dominos Pizza Inc., Donaldson Company Inc., Driven Brands Holdings Inc, DT Midstream, Inc., Dutch Bros Inc, Dynatrace 
Inc, Dyne Therapeutics Inc, East West Bancorp, Inc., Edgewell Personal Care, Eikon Therapeutics Inc, Elastic NV, elf Beauty, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energizer Holdings Inc., Energy Transfer LP, 
Enterprise Products LP, Equifax Inc, Equinix Inc., Erasca, Inc., ERock Inc, Estee Lauder Companies Inc, Evercore Inc, Everest Group Ltd., Everpure, Inc., Evertec Inc, Evommune Inc, Exelixis Inc., F5 
Inc, FactSet Research Systems Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Fifth Third Bancorp, Figma Inc, First Horizon Corp, First Solar Inc, Fiserv Inc., Five9 Inc, Flagstar Bank, N.A, Fluence Energy 
Inc, Flywire Corp, Fortinet Inc., Fractyl Health Inc, Freshpet Inc, Freshworks Inc, Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd, Galaxy Digital Inc., Gartner Inc., GE Vernova, Gen Digital Inc., General Dynamics Corp., 
Generate Biomedicines Inc, Genmab A/S, Gilead Sciences Inc., GitLab Inc, Global Business Travel Group Inc, Global Payments Inc, Global-e Online Ltd., GlobalFoundries Inc, Glodon Co. Ltd., 
GoDaddy Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Grocery Outlet Holding Corp, Halliburton Co, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd, Hanover Insurance Group Inc, Hartford 
Financial Services Group Inc, Helmerich & Payne Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Hexagon AB, Home Depot Inc, Honest Co Inc, Houlihan Lokey Inc, HP Inc., HubSpot, Inc., Hundsun Technologies 
Inc., Huntington Bancshares, Hut 8 Mining Corp., IBM, Immix Biopharma, Immunocore Holdings Ltd, Incyte Corp, Ingram Micro, Innio N.V., Insmed Inc, Intact Financial Corporation, Intel Corporation, 
Intellia Therapeutics Inc, Intuit, Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc, IONOS Group SE, IonQ Inc, IQIYI Inc, ITG Inc, Jack Henry & Associates, Inc., JD.com, Inc., Jefferies Financial Group Inc, Jersey Mike's Subs 
Inc., JFrog Ltd., Johnson & Johnson, JOYY Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co, Kalaris Therapeutics, Kanzhun Ltd, KE Holdings Inc, Kennametal Inc., Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, KeyCorp, Keysight Technologies 
Inc, Kimberly-Clark Corp, Kinder Morgan Inc., Kindercare Learning Companies Inc, Kinetik Holdings Inc, Kingdee International Software Group, Kingsoft Cloud Holdings, Kingsoft Corp Ltd, Klarna 
Group Plc, Klaviyo, Inc, Krispy Kreme Inc, Kuaishou Technology, Kymera Therapeutics Inc, Kyverna Therapeutics, L3Harris Technologies Inc, Labcorp Holdings Inc, Lakefront Biotherapeutics, 
Laureate Education Inc, Lazard Inc, Legend Biotech Corp, Lemonade Inc., Leonardo DRS Inc, Liberty Energy, Lightspeed Commerce Inc., Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc, Lincoln International Inc, 
Liveramp Holdings Inc, Lockheed Martin Corp, Lowe's Companies Inc, Lumentum Holdings Inc, M&T Bank Corp., MapLight Therapeutics, Mara Holdings Inc., Marqeta, Inc., Marsh & McLennan 
Cos Inc, Martin Marietta Materials Inc, Marvell Technology Group Ltd, MasterCard Inc, McDonald's Corporation, McGraw Hill, Inc., McKesson Corporation, Meitu Inc, Meituan, Merchants Bancorp, 
Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, MGE Energy, Inc., Microchip Technology Inc., Micron Technology Inc., Microsoft, MiniMax, Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moderna Inc, Moelis & Co, Molina 
Healthcare Inc, Molson Coors Beverage Company, monday.com Ltd, MongoDB Inc, Monopar Therapeutics, Monster Beverage Corp, Moody's Corp, Moog Inc., Motorola Solutions Inc, MPLX 
LP, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., Navan Inc, Navient Corp, Navitas Semiconductor Corp, nCino, Inc., Nebius Group NV, Nemetschek SE, Neptune Insurance Holdings, Inc., NerdWallet Inc., NetApp 
Inc, Netcompany Group A/S, NetEase, Inc, Netskope, Inc., Neurocrine Biosciences Inc, Newell Brands Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, NICE Ltd., Northern Trust Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., NOV 
Inc., NRG Energy Inc, Nurix Therapeutics Inc., NVIDIA Corp., NXP Semiconductor NV, Oatly Group AB, Octave Intelligence Plc, Oddity Tech Ltd, Okta, Inc., Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc, 
ON Semiconductor Corp., Oneok Inc., Oracle Corporation, Organon & Co., Oshkosh Corp, PagerDuty, Inc., Palantir Technologies Inc., Palo Alto Networks Inc, Patterson-UTI Energy, Paychex Inc, 
PayPal Holdings, Inc., PDD Holdings Inc, PDF Solutions Inc, PepsiCo Inc., Performance Food Group Co, Perimeter Solutions, Pfizer Inc, Pharvaris N.V., Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle 
Financial Partners Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains GP Holdings, L.P., Plug Power Inc., PNC Financial Services, Portillo's Inc, Prime Medicine Inc, Primo Brands Corp, Procter & Gamble 
Co., ProFrac Holding Corp, ProPetro Holding Corp, Prosperity Bancshares Inc, PTC Therapeutics, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q2 Holdings Inc, Q32 Bio Inc, Qualcomm Inc., Qualys Inc, 
Quantinuum, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Rapid7 Inc, Recursion Pharmaceuticals Inc, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., Regenxbio Inc, Regions Financial Corp, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Restaurant 
Brands International, Inc., RH, Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Inc, RingCentral Inc, Riot Platforms Inc., Rocket Cos Inc, Rocket Pharmaceuticals Inc, Rollins Inc., Royalty Pharma Plc, Ryan Specialty 
Holdings Inc, S&P Global Inc, Sage, SailPoint Inc, Salesforce, Inc., Samsara Inc, Sana Biotechnology, Inc, SanDisk Corporation., SAP SE, Sarepta Therapeutics Inc, SBA Communications, 
Schlumberger NV, SEI Investments Company, Selective Insurance Group Inc., Semtech Corp., SentinelOne, Inc., ServiceNow Inc, ServiceTitan Inc, Shake Shack Inc, Shopify Inc, Silence Therapeutics 
Plc, Silicon Laboratories Inc., Simmons First National Corp, SiTime Corporation, Skyworks Solutions Inc, Slide Insurance Holdings Inc, SLM Corp, Snowflake Inc., SoFi Technologies, Inc., SoftBank, 
Solaredge Technologies Inc, Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Somnigroup International Inc, South Bow Corp, Sprinklr Inc, Sprout Social Inc, SPS Commerce Inc, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc., 
Starbucks Corp., State Street Corporation, Structure Therapeutics Inc, Sunrun Inc, Sweetgreen, Inc., Synchrony Financial, Synopsys Inc., Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Corp, 
Target Hospitality Corp., TC Energy Corp, Temenos Group AG, Tenable Holdings Inc, Tenaya Therapeutics Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd., TeraWulf Inc, Terex Corp., Texas Instruments, Texas 
Roadhouse, Inc., The Progressive Corp., The Travelers Companies, Inc., The Wendy's Company, Thomson Reuters Corp., Tieto Oyj, Timken Co, Toast, Inc., Tongcheng Travel Holdings, Transocean 
Ltd., TransUnion, Trevi Therapeutics Inc, Trip.com Group Ltd, Truist Financial Corp, Tscan Therapeutics Inc, Tuya Inc., TWFG, Inc., Twilio Inc, U.S. Bancorp, UiPath Inc, Ulta Beauty Inc, Ultragenyx 
Pharmaceutical Inc, UMB Financial Corp, United Rentals Inc., Upstart Holdings, Inc., US Foods Holding Corp, UWM Holdings Corp, Valley National Bancorp, Valvoline Inc., Varonis Systems, Inc., 
Verisk Analytics, Inc., Vertex Inc., Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Via Transportation Inc, Viking Therapeutics Inc, Vipshop Holdings Ltd, Vir Biotechnology Inc, Visa Inc., Vistra Corp, Vita Coco Company 
Inc, W.R. Berkley Corp., Walmart Inc, Waste Connections Inc., Waste Management, Inc., WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, Weibo Corp, Wells Fargo & Co., Western Midstream Partners LP, Western 
Union Co, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp, WEX Inc, Williams Companies Inc, Williams-Sonoma Inc, Willis Towers Watson PLC, WillScot Holdings Corporation, Wingstop Inc, 
Wix.Com Ltd, Wolfspeed, INC, Workday Inc, X-Energy Inc., Yesway, Yonyou Network Technology Co Ltd, Yum! Brands, Inc., Z.AI CO., LTD., Zebra Technologies Corporation, Zenas Biopharma 
Inc, Zentalis Pharmaceuticals Inc, Zeta Global Holdings Corp, Zions Bancorporation NA, Zoom Communications, Zscaler Inc.
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has either provided or is providing non-investment banking, securities-related services to and/or in the past has entered into an agreement to provide 
services or has a client relationship with the following company: Abbvie Inc., Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc, Accelerant Holdings, Adobe Inc., ADT Inc, Advance Auto Parts Inc, Advanced 
Micro Devices, Advantage Solutions Inc, AES Corp., Affirm Holdings Inc, AGCO Corp, Akamai Technologies, Inc., Albertsons Companies, Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Allegro Microsystems Inc, 
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, Allstate Corp, Ally Financial Inc, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, Alphabet Inc., Amadeus IT Group, S.A., Amazon.com Inc, Ambarella Inc, American Electric Power 
Co, American Express Company, American International Group Inc, American Tower Corp., Amgen Inc., Amkor Technology Inc, Amplitude Inc., Analog Devices Inc., Aon PLC, Apple, Inc., Aramark 
Holdings Corporation, Arch Capital Group Ltd., Array Technologies Inc, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Asana Inc, Assurant Inc., Atlantic Union Bankshares, Atlassian Corporation PLC, Autodesk, 
Automatic Data Processing Inc, Axon Enterprise Inc, Baidu Inc, Baker Hughes Co, Bank of America, Bank of New York Mellon, Bank Ozk, Beisen Holding Limited, BeOne Medicines, Bilibili Inc, 
Biogen Inc, BioNTech SE, BJ'S Wholesale Club, Blackline Inc, Block, Inc, Bloom Energy Corp., Box Inc, Bread Financial Holdings, Inc., Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc, BrightSpring Health 
Services, BrightView Holdings Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co, Broadcom Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P., Brown & Brown Inc., Cadence Design 
Systems Inc, Capgemini, Capital One Financial Corporation, Cardinal Health Inc, Caterpillar Inc, CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc, CDW Corporation, Celsius Holdings Inc, Cencora Inc, 
Centene Corp, Central Bancompany, Cerebras Systems, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Chime Financial Inc, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., Chubb Ltd, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., Ciena 
Corporation, Cigna Corp, Cintas Corp, Cipher Mining Inc., Cisco Systems Inc, Citigroup Inc., Citizens Financial Group, Inc, Clorox Co, Cloudflare Inc, CNH Industrial NV, Coca-Cola Co., Coca-Cola 
Europacific Partners, Coherent Corp, Colgate-Palmolive Co, Commerce Bancshares Inc, Constellation Brands Inc, Constellation Energy Corporation, CoreWeave, Corning Inc, Corpay Inc, Coty 
Inc, CRH, CrowdStrike Holdings Inc, Crown Castle Corp., Csquare, Inc, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Cummins Inc, Customers Bancorp Inc, CVS Health Corp, Dassault Systemes SA, Datadog, Inc., Deere 
& Co., Dell Technologies Inc., Digital Realty Trust Inc., DigitalOcean Holdings Inc, DocuSign Inc, Dollar General Corporation, Dominos Pizza Inc., Driven Brands Holdings Inc, DT Midstream, Inc., 
Dynatrace Inc, East West Bancorp, Inc., Edgewell Personal Care, elf Beauty, Eli Lilly & Co., Enbridge, Energizer Holdings Inc., Energy Transfer LP, Enterprise Products LP, Equifax Inc, Equinix Inc., 
ERock Inc, Evercore Inc, Everest Group Ltd., Everpure, Inc., FactSet Research Systems Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Fifth Third Bancorp, Figma Inc, First Horizon Corp, First Solar 
Inc, Fiserv Inc., Five9 Inc, Flagstar Bank, N.A, Fluence Energy Inc, Fortinet Inc., Freshpet Inc, Freshworks Inc, Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd, GE Vernova, Gen Digital Inc., Genmab A/S, Gilead Sciences 

M
 Foundation
52
Inc., GitLab Inc, Global Business Travel Group Inc, Global Payments Inc, Global-e Online Ltd., GlobalFoundries Inc, GoDaddy Inc, Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Grocery Outlet Holding Corp, 
Halliburton Co, Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc, Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd, Hanover Insurance Group Inc, Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, HBX Group International PLC, Helmerich & Payne 
Inc, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Hexagon AB, Home Depot Inc, HP Inc., HubSpot, Inc., Huntington Bancshares, HUYA Inc, IBM, Incyte Corp, Ingram Micro, Innio N.V., Insmed Inc, Intact Financial 
Corporation, Intel Corporation, Intuit, IonQ Inc, IQIYI Inc, Jack in the Box Inc., Jefferies Financial Group Inc, Jersey Mike's Subs Inc., JFrog Ltd., Johnson & Johnson, JOYY Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co, 
Kanzhun Ltd, KE Holdings Inc, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, KeyCorp, Kimberly-Clark Corp, Kinder Morgan Inc., Kindercare Learning Companies Inc, Kinetik Holdings Inc, Kingsoft Cloud Holdings, Kingsoft 
Corp Ltd, Klarna Group Plc, Klaviyo, Inc, Krispy Kreme Inc, Kroger Co., L3Harris Technologies Inc, Labcorp Holdings Inc, Lakefront Biotherapeutics, Laureate Education Inc, Lazard Inc, Leonardo 
DRS Inc, Liberty Energy, Lockheed Martin Corp, Lowe's Companies Inc, Lumentum Holdings Inc, M&T Bank Corp., Mara Holdings Inc., Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc, Marvell Technology Group 
Ltd, MasterCard Inc, McDonald's Corporation, McGraw Hill, Inc., McKesson Corporation, Meituan, Merchants Bancorp, Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, Microchip Technology Inc., Micron 
Technology Inc., Microsoft, Moderna Inc, Moelis & Co, Molina Healthcare Inc, Molson Coors Beverage Company, monday.com Ltd, MongoDB Inc, Monster Beverage Corp, Moody's Corp, Motorola 
Solutions Inc, MPLX LP, MSCI Inc., Nabors Industries Inc., National Vision Holdings Inc., Navient Corp, Nebius Group NV, Neptune Insurance Holdings, Inc., NetApp Inc, NetEase, Inc, Newell Brands 
Inc., NextEra Energy Inc, NICE Ltd., Northern Trust Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., NRG Energy Inc, NVIDIA Corp., NXP Semiconductor NV, O'Reilly Automotive Inc, Oatly Group AB, ON 
Semiconductor Corp., Oneok Inc., Oracle Corporation, Organon & Co., Oshkosh Corp, PagerDuty, Inc., Palantir Technologies Inc., Palo Alto Networks Inc, Paychex Inc, PayPal Holdings, Inc., PepsiCo 
Inc., Perimeter Solutions, Petco Health and Wellness co, Pfizer Inc, Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, Plains All American Pipeline LP, Plains GP Holdings, L.P., Plug 
Power Inc., PNC Financial Services, Portillo's Inc, Procter & Gamble Co., ProFrac Holding Corp, ProPetro Holding Corp, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q2 Holdings Inc, Qorvo Inc, Qualcomm 
Inc., Qualys Inc, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Regions Financial Corp, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Republic Services Inc., Restaurant Brands International, Inc., RH, RingCentral Inc, Rocket Cos Inc, Rollins 
Inc., Royalty Pharma Plc, Ryan Specialty Holdings Inc, S&P Global Inc, Sage, SailPoint Inc, Salesforce, Inc., SanDisk Corporation., SAP SE, SBA Communications, Schlumberger NV, SEI Investments 
Company, Selective Insurance Group Inc., Semtech Corp., SentinelOne, Inc., ServiceNow Inc, ServiceTitan Inc, Shift4 Payments Inc., Shoals Technologies Group, Shopify Inc, Silicon Laboratories 
Inc., Simmons First National Corp, SiTime Corporation, SLM Corp, Snowflake Inc., SoFi Technologies, Inc., SoftBank, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc., Starbucks Corp., State Street Corporation, 
Sunrun Inc, Synopsys Inc., Sysco Corp, Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Corp, Target Hospitality Corp., TC Energy Corp, TD Synnex Corporation, Tenable Holdings Inc, Tenaris 
SA, Tencent Holdings Ltd., TeraWulf Inc, Terex Corp., Texas Instruments, The Progressive Corp., The Travelers Companies, Inc., The Wendy's Company, Thomson Reuters Corp., Tieto Oyj, Timken 
Co, Toast, Inc., Tongcheng Travel Holdings, Transocean Ltd., TransUnion, Trip.com Group Ltd, Truist Financial Corp, Tuya Inc., TWFG, Inc., Twilio Inc, U.S. Bancorp, UiPath Inc, UMB Financial Corp, 
United Rentals Inc., Upstart Holdings, Inc., US Foods Holding Corp, UWM Holdings Corp, Valley National Bancorp, Valvoline Inc., Varonis Systems, Inc., Verisk Analytics, Inc., Verra Mobility Corp, 
Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Vipshop Holdings Ltd, Visa Inc., Vistra Corp, Vita Coco Company Inc, Vulcan Materials Company, W.R. Berkley Corp., Walmart Inc, Waste Connections Inc., Waste 
Management, Inc., WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC, Wayfair Inc, Weibo Corp, Wells Fargo & Co., Western Midstream Partners LP, Western Union Co, Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp, 
WEX Inc, Williams Companies Inc, Willis Towers Watson PLC, WillScot Holdings Corporation, Wingstop Inc, Wix.Com Ltd, Wolfspeed, INC, Workday Inc, Yum! Brands, Inc., Zebra Technologies 
Corporation, Zeta Global Holdings Corp, Zions Bancorporation NA, Zoom Communications, Zscaler Inc.
An employee, director or consultant of Morgan Stanley is a director of Allstate Corp, Caterpillar Inc, Cencora Inc, CNH Industrial NV, Cummins Inc, Elastic NV, HP Inc., Merck & Co., Inc., Tenable 
Holdings Inc, Walmart Inc. This person is not a research analyst or a member of a research analyst's household.
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC makes a market in the securities of 4D Molecular Therapeutics Inc, ABSCI CORP, Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc, Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc, Accelerant Holdings, 
Aeva Technologies Inc, AGCO Corp, Alector Inc, Allison Transmission Holdings Inc, Allstate Corp, Alumis Inc., Ambarella Inc, Amplitude Inc., Antero Midstream Corp, Appian Corp, Arch Capital 
Group Ltd., Arcus Biosciences Inc., Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc., Arhaus Inc, Array Technologies Inc, Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc, Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., Arvinas Inc, Asana Inc, Assurant 
Inc., Atea Pharmaceuticals Inc, Atlantic Union Bankshares, Attovia Therapeutics, Inc., Autodesk, Autohome Inc, AutoZone Inc., Bank of America, Bank Ozk, BeOne Medicines, Bicara Therapeutics, 
Bicycle Therapeutics Plc, BioAge Labs Inc, Biogen Inc, Biohaven Ltd, Blackline Inc, Bloomin' Brands Inc, Boston Beer Company Inc, Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc., Box Inc, Bread Financial 
Holdings, Inc., Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc, BrightView Holdings Inc., Brinker International Inc., Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc., Brown-Forman Corporation, C3.ai, Cardinal Health 
Inc, CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc, Celldex Therapeutics Inc, Cencora Inc, CG Oncology, Check Point Software Technologies Ltd., Chubb Ltd, Church & Dwight Co., Inc., Cigna Corp, Cintas 
Corp, Clarivate Plc., Commerce Bancshares Inc, Corpay Inc, Coty Inc, Cullen/Frost Bankers, Cullinan Therapeutics, Cummins Inc, Curtiss-Wright Corp., Customers Bancorp Inc, Darden Restaurants 
Inc., Denali Therapeutics Inc, Disc Medicine Inc, Donaldson Company Inc., Driven Brands Holdings Inc, DT Midstream, Inc., Dyne Therapeutics Inc, East West Bancorp, Inc., Edgewell Personal Care, 
Elastic NV, Energizer Holdings Inc., Equinix Inc., Everest Group Ltd., Evertec Inc, FactSet Research Systems Inc., Five Below Inc, Five9 Inc, Flywire Corp, Gartner Inc., General Dynamics Corp., 
Generate Biomedicines Inc, Global Business Travel Group Inc, Grocery Outlet Holding Corp, Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd, Hanover Insurance Group Inc, Hartford Financial Services Group Inc, 
Helmerich & Payne Inc, Houlihan Lokey Inc, Immunocore Holdings Ltd, Incyte Corp, Intellia Therapeutics Inc, Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc, IQIYI Inc, ITG Inc, Jack Henry & Associates, Inc., Jack in the 
Box Inc., Jefferies Financial Group Inc, JOYY Inc., Kalaris Therapeutics, Kennametal Inc., Kinsale Capital Group Inc, Kymera Therapeutics Inc, Kyverna Therapeutics, Labcorp Holdings Inc, Laureate 
Education Inc, Lemonade Inc., Leonardo DRS Inc, Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc, Liveramp Holdings Inc, M&T Bank Corp., Manhattan Associates Inc., MapLight Therapeutics, Marqeta, Inc., Martin 
Marietta Materials Inc, McKesson Corporation, Merchants Bancorp, MGE Energy, Inc., Mirum Pharmaceuticals, Moelis & Co, Moody's Corp, Moog Inc., Motorola Solutions Inc, MSCI Inc., Nabors 
Industries Inc., National Vision Holdings Inc., Navient Corp, NerdWallet Inc., NetEase, Inc, Northern Trust Corp., Northrop Grumman Corp., NRG Energy Inc, Nurix Therapeutics Inc., Organon & 
Co., Oshkosh Corp, PagerDuty, Inc., Perimeter Solutions, Pharvaris N.V., Phoenix Education Partners, Inc., Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc, PNC Financial Services, Portillo's Inc, ProKidney Corp, 
Prosperity Bancshares Inc, PTC Therapeutics, Public Service Enterprise Group Inc, Q2 Holdings Inc, Qualys Inc, Quest Diagnostics Inc., Rapid7 Inc, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc., Regenxbio 
Inc, RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., Republic Services Inc., Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Inc, RingCentral Inc, Rocket Pharmaceuticals Inc, Sally Beauty Holdings Inc, Sana Biotechnology, Inc, Sarepta 
Therapeutics Inc, Selective Insurance Group Inc., Shoals Technologies Group, Silence Therapeutics Plc, Simmons First National Corp, Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Sprinklr Inc, Sprout Social 
Inc, SPS Commerce Inc, State Street Corporation, Sweetgreen, Inc., Synchrony Financial, Talen Energy Corp, Targa Resources Corp., Target Hospitality Corp., TD Synnex Corporation, Terex Corp., 
Texas Roadhouse, Inc., The Cheesecake Factory, Inc., The Chefs' Warehouse, Inc., The Travelers Companies, Inc., Timken Co, Trevi Therapeutics Inc, Tscan Therapeutics Inc, Twilio Inc, Ultragenyx 
Pharmaceutical Inc, UMB Financial Corp, United Therapeutics Corp, US Foods Holding Corp, Varonis Systems, Inc., Vertex Inc., Vir Biotechnology Inc, Vita Coco Company Inc, Vulcan Materials 
Company, W.R. Berkley Corp., Weibo Corp, Wells Fargo & Co., Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp, WEX Inc, Williams-Sonoma Inc, WillScot Holdings Corporation, Yum! Brands, Inc., 
Zenas Biopharma Inc, Zions Bancorporation NA, ZoomInfo Technologies Inc.
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc is a corporate broker to Sage.
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, including quality 
of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment banking revenues. Equity Research analysts' or strategists' compensation is not 
linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, providing liquidity, fund management, 
commercial banking, extension of credit, investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. Morgan Stanley trades or may trade 
as principal in the debt securities (or in related derivatives) that are the subject of the debt research report.

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
53
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions.
STOCK RATINGS
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, 
Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all 
ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan 
Stanley Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as investment advice.  An investor's decision 
to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations.
Global Stock Ratings Distribution
(as of August 31, 2026)
The Stock Ratings described below apply to Morgan Stanley's Fundamental Equity Research and do not apply to Debt Research produced by the Firm.
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with FINRA requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated 
and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, 
hold, and sell but represent recommended relative weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a 
buy recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively.
Coverage Universe
Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
Other Material Investment Services 
Clients (MISC)
Stock Rating 
Category
Count
% of  Total
Count
% of  Total IBC
% of Rating  
Category
Count
% of Total Other 
MISC
Overweight/Buy
1555
42%
450
48%
29%
767
44%
Equal-weight/Hold
1577
43%
395
42%
25%
770
44%
Not-Rated/Hold
3
0%
1
0%
33%
1
0%
Underweight/Sell
559
15%
93
10%
17%
216
12%
Total
3,694
939
1754
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan Stanley received investment banking compensation in the 
last 12 months. Due to rounding off of decimals, the percentages provided in the "% of total" column may not add up to exactly 100 percent.
Analyst Stock Ratings
Overweight (O). The stock's total return is expected to exceed the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 
12-18 months.
Equal-weight (E). The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over 
the next 12-18 months.
Not-Rated (NR). Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months.
Underweight (U). The stock's total return is expected to be below the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 
12-18 months.
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months.
Analyst Industry Views
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated 
below.
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below.
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - 
relevant MSCI country index or MSCI sub-regional index or MSCI AC Asia Pacific ex Japan Index.
Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers
Important disclosures regarding any material conflict of interest that can reasonably be expected to have influenced Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC's choice of a third-party research provider 
or the subject company of a third-party research report, are available on the Morgan Stanley Wealth Management disclosure website at www.morganstanley.com/online/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley specific disclosures, you may refer to https://www.morganstanley.com/eqr/disclosures/webapp/generalresearch.
Each Morgan Stanley research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. This review and approval is conducted by the same person who reviews the 
research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley. This could create a conflict of interest.
Other Important Disclosures
As of September 28, 2026, State Street Corporation beneficially owned 5% or more of a class of common equity securities of Morgan Stanley.
A member of Research who had or could have had access to the research prior to completion owns securities (or related derivatives) in the AES Corp., Abbvie Inc., Alibaba Group Holding, Alphabet 
Inc., Amazon.com Inc, American Electric Power Co, American International Group Inc, Amgen Inc., Analog Devices Inc., Apple, Inc., Atlassian Corporation PLC, Automatic Data Processing Inc, Baidu 
Inc, Broadcom Inc., Cigna Corp, Cisco Systems Inc, Coca-Cola Co., Costco Wholesale Corp, Eli Lilly & Co., Gilead Sciences Inc., Goldman Sachs Group Inc, Home Depot Inc, JPMorgan Chase & 
Co, Johnson & Johnson, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc, Lockheed Martin Corp, MSCI Inc., McDonald's Corporation, Merck & Co., Inc., Meta Platforms Inc, Microchip Technology Inc., Microsoft, NVIDIA Corp., 

M
 Foundation
54
NetApp Inc, PACCAR Inc, PepsiCo Inc., Pfizer Inc, Procter & Gamble Co., Qualcomm Inc., Schlumberger NV, Starbucks Corp., Sysco Corp, Workday Inc. This person is not a research analyst or 
a member of research analyst's household.
Morgan Stanley Research policy is to update research reports as and when the Research Analyst and Research Management deem appropriate, based on developments with the issuer, the 
sector, or the market that may have a material impact on the research views or opinions stated therein. In addition, certain Research publications are intended to be updated on a regular periodic 
basis  (weekly/monthly/quarterly/annual) and will ordinarily be updated with that frequency, unless  the Research Analyst and Research Management determine that a different publication 
schedule is appropriate based on current conditions.
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the recommendations or views expressed 
in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For all research available on a particular stock, please contact 
your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Morgan Stanley Research is provided to our clients through our proprietary research portal on Matrix and also distributed electronically by Morgan Stanley to clients. Certain, but not all, Morgan 
Stanley Research products are also made available to clients through third-party vendors or redistributed to clients through alternate electronic means as a convenience. For access to all 
available Morgan Stanley Research, please contact your sales representative or go to Matrix at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix.
Any access and/or use of Morgan Stanley Research is subject to Morgan Stanley's Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). By accessing and/or using Morgan Stanley 
Research, you are indicating that you have read and agree to be bound by our Terms of Use (http://www.morganstanley.com/terms.html). In addition you consent to Morgan Stanley processing 
your personal data and using cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html), including for the purposes of 
setting your preferences and to collect readership data so that we can deliver better and more personalized service and products to you. To find out more information about how Morgan Stanley 
processes personal data, how we use cookies and how to reject cookies see our Privacy Policy and our Global Cookies Policy (http://www.morganstanley.com/privacy_pledge.html). Please use 
the provided link to review the Terms and Conditions and Most Important Terms and Conditions for Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (https://www.morganstanley.com/assets/
pdfs/about-us-global-offices/india/Terms_and_conditions.pdf) and the following link to review the audit report (https://ny.matrix.ms.com/eqr/research/webapp/researchdocs/
MSICPL_Morgan_Stanley_Research_Audit_Report.pdf).
If you do not agree to our Terms of Use and/or if you do not wish to provide your consent to Morgan Stanley processing your personal data or using cookies please do not access our research.
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and objectives of those 
who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. 
The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy. The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes 
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There 
may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future 
performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject 
company's securities/instruments.
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based upon various factors, 
including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or revenues), client feedback and competitive 
factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the 
profitability or revenues of particular trading desks.
The "Important Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or more of a class of common 
equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment of less than 1% in securities/instruments or 
derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the 
preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different 
from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by Morgan Stanley or associated persons.
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, comprehensive 
information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley Research change apart from 
when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information 
known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel.
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of associated expenses unless 
pre-approved by authorized members of Research management.
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report.
To our readers based in Taiwan or trading in Taiwan securities/instruments: Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). 
Such information is for your reference only.  The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely responsible for their investment decisions.  Morgan Stanley Research 
may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Any non-customer reader within the scope of Article 
7-1 of the Taiwan Stock Exchange Recommendation Regulations accessing and/or receiving Morgan Stanley Research is not permitted to provide Morgan Stanley Research to any third party 
(including but not limited to related parties, affiliated companies and any other third parties) or engage in any activities regarding Morgan Stanley Research which may create or give the 
appearance of creating a conflict of interest. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation 
or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments.  MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments.
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or 
the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant 
approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. Neither this report nor any part of it is intended as, or shall constitute, provision 
of any consultancy or advisory service of securities investment as defined under PRC law. Such information is provided for your reference only.
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A. located at Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 3600, 6th floor, São Paulo - SP, Brazil; and is regulated by the Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários; in Mexico by Morgan Stanley México, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V which is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Paseo de los Tamarindos 90, Torre 1, 

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
55
Col. Bosques de las Lomas Floor 29, 05120 Mexico City; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group 
Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents) and by Morgan Stanley Bank Asia Limited; in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia 
(Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research) and by Morgan 
Stanley Bank Asia Limited, Singapore Branch (Registration number T14FC0118J); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail 
clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license 
No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited having 
Corporate Identification No (CIN) U22990MH1998PTC115305, regulated by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”) and holder of licenses as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration 
No. INH000001105); Stock Broker (SEBI Stock Broker Registration No. INZ000244438), Merchant Banker (SEBI Registration No. INM000011203), and depository participant with National 
Securities Depository Limited (SEBI Registration No. IN-DP-NSDL-567-2021) having registered office at Altimus, Level 39 & 40, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai 400018, India; 
Telephone no. +91-22-61181000; Compliance Officer Details: Mr. Tejarshi Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: tejarshi.hardas@morganstanley.com; Grievance officer details: Mr. Tejarshi 
Hardas, Tel. No.: +91-22-61181000 or Email: msic-compliance@morganstanley.com. Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited (MSICPL) may use AI tools in providing research services. 
All recommendations contained herein are made by the duly qualified research analysts; in Germany and the European Economic Area where required by Morgan Stanley Europe S.E., authorised 
and regulated by Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) under the reference number 149169; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its 
contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, 
disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates, only to persons who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 
19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the “Order”); (ii) are persons who are high net worth entities falling within Article 49(2)(a) 
to (d) of the Order; or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, 
as amended) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated. RMB Morgan Stanley Proprietary Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and A2X (Pty) Ltd. RMB Morgan 
Stanley Proprietary Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by 
FirstRand Limited. Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited and Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Canada Inc., members of the Canadian 
Investment Regulatory Organization (CIRO). The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being disseminated by Morgan Stanley Saudi Arabia, regulated by the Capital Market Authority in 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and is directed at Sophisticated investors only.
Morgan Stanley Hong Kong Securities Limited is the liquidity provider/market maker for securities of Alibaba Group Holding, Baidu Inc, BeOne Medicines, Bilibili Inc, Chinasoft International Ltd, 
JD.com, Inc., Kingdee International Software Group, Kingsoft Cloud Holdings, Kingsoft Corp Ltd, Kuaishou Technology, Meitu Inc, Meituan, MiniMax, NetEase, Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd., Trip.com 
Group Ltd, Z.AI CO., LTD. listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. An updated list can be found on HKEx website: http://www.hkex.com.hk.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) 
or by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (ADGM Branch), regulated by the Financial Services Regulatory Authority Abu Dhabi (the FSRA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as 
defined by the DFSA or the FSRA, respectively. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets 
the regulatory criteria of a Professional Client. A distribution of the different MS Research ratings or recommendations, in percentage terms for Investments in each sector covered, is available 
upon request from your sales representative.
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority 
(the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the QFCRA.
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Investment 
advisory service is provided exclusively to persons based on their risk and income preferences by the authorized firms. Comments and recommendations stated here are general in nature. These 
opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated here may not bring about 
outcomes that fit your expectations.
The following companies do business in countries which are generally subject to comprehensive sanctions programs administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury's Office 
of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") and by other countries and multi-national bodies: MasterCard Inc.
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or representations relating 
to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was 
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P.
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley.
Indicators and trackers referenced in Morgan Stanley Research may not be used as, or treated as, a benchmark under Regulation EU 2016/1011, or any other similar framework.
The issuers and/or fixed income products recommended or discussed in certain fixed income research reports may not be continuously followed. Accordingly, investors should regard those 
fixed income research reports as providing stand-alone analysis and should not expect continuing analysis or additional reports relating to such issuers and/or individual fixed income products.
Morgan Stanley may hold, from time to time, material financial and commercial interests regarding the company subject to the Research report.
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from the National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee performance 
of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. Read 
all the related documents carefully before investing.
The following authors are neither Equity Research Analysts/Strategists nor Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity or 
fixed income securities: Katie Solovieva; Heather Berger; Michael T Gapen; Diego Anzoategui.
The following authors are Fixed Income Research Analysts/Strategists and are not opining on or expressing recommendations on equity securities: Martin W Tobias, CFA; Ariana Salvatore; 
Matthew Hornbach; Simon Waever; Mark T Schmidt, CFA; Eli P Carter; Andrew M Watrous; Vishwanath Tirupattur.
References to any prediction market or event contract do not constitute an offer, solicitation, recommendation, or endorsement to participate in any such market or contract. Morgan Stanley 
Research may not be distributed or made available in any jurisdiction where such distribution would be unlawful or otherwise prohibited by applicable law.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Beverages

M
 Foundation
56
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Dara Mohsenian, CFA
Coca-Cola Co. (KO.N)  
O  (07/22/2020)  
$87.81
Constellation Brands Inc (STZ.N)  
E  (02/27/2025)  
$113.63
Keurig Dr Pepper Inc (KDP.O)  
O  (08/20/2026)  
$31.95
Monster Beverage Corp (MNST.O)  
O  (11/02/2020)  
$43.11
Oatly Group AB (OTLY.O)  
E  (02/20/2024)  
$11.84
PepsiCo Inc. (PEP.O)  
E  (09/19/2024)  
$128.63
Zevia PBC (ZVIA.N)  
E  (08/16/2021)  
$1.33
Eric A Serotta, CFA
Boston Beer Company Inc (SAM.N)  
E  (06/04/2024)  
$163.77
Brown-Forman Corporation (BFb.N)  
U  (06/04/2026)  
$26.16
Celsius Holdings Inc (CELH.O)  
O  (09/30/2025)  
$27.99
Coca-Cola Europacific Partners (CCEPC.AS)  
E  (08/06/2025)  
€88.40
Molson Coors Beverage Company (TAP.N)  
E  (01/09/2018)  
$35.95
Primo Brands Corp (PRMB.N)  
O  (07/01/2025)  
$19.50
Vita Coco Company Inc (COCO.O)  
E  (09/19/2023)  
$58.59
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Household & Personal Care
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Dara Mohsenian, CFA
Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD.N)  
E  (09/08/2024)  
$96.38
Clorox Co (CLX.N)  
E  (10/17/2022)  
$83.80
Colgate-Palmolive Co (CL.N)  
O  (01/29/2023)  
$86.06
Coty Inc (COTY.N)  
E  (11/07/2018)  
$2.65
Edgewell Personal Care (EPC.N)  
E  (08/05/2025)  
$27.82
elf Beauty (ELF.N)  
E  (05/01/2026)  
$99.51
Energizer Holdings Inc. (ENR.N)  
E  (05/07/2024)  
$22.00
Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL.N)  
E  (05/02/2024)  
$94.47
Honest Co Inc (HNST.O)  
E  (08/16/2021)  
$5.29
Kimberly-Clark Corp (KMB.O)  
++
$98.43
Newell Brands Inc. (NWL.O)  
U  (05/20/2026)  
$5.43
Oddity Tech Ltd (ODD.O)  
E  (08/14/2023)  
$18.64
Procter & Gamble Co. (PG.N)  
O  (12/13/2018)  
$146.23
Eric A Serotta, CFA
Freshpet Inc (FRPT.O)  
E  (08/06/2026)  
$57.91
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Restaurants
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Brian Harbour, CFA
Black Rock Coffee Bar, Inc (BRCB.O)  
E  (07/15/2026)  
$7.19
Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN.O)  
E  (12/19/2018)  
$7.88
Brinker International Inc. (EAT.N)  
O  (01/19/2026)  
$207.20
CAVA Group Inc. (CAVA.N)  
O  (07/15/2026)  
$51.58
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG.N)  
E  (06/03/2026)  
$31.33
Darden Restaurants Inc. (DRI.N)  
O  (01/19/2021)  
$199.75
Dominos Pizza Inc. (DPZ.O)  
E  (01/19/2026)  
$292.14
Dutch Bros Inc (BROS.N)  
O  (03/24/2025)  
$37.89

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
57
Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK.O)  
E  (05/21/2019)  
$13.46
Jersey Mike's Subs Inc. (JMKE.N)  
O  (08/24/2026)  
$16.99
Krispy Kreme Inc (DNUT.O)  
U  (02/25/2025)  
$2.89
McDonald's Corporation (MCD.N)  
E  (06/09/2025)  
$236.50
Portillo's Inc (PTLO.O)  
E  (10/11/2023)  
$3.50
Restaurant Brands International, Inc. (QSR.N)  
E  (11/21/2022)  
$71.64
Shake Shack Inc (SHAK.N)  
E  (06/03/2026)  
$55.55
Starbucks Corp. (SBUX.O)  
O  (01/16/2024)  
$94.86
Sweetgreen, Inc. (SG.N)  
E  (07/16/2024)  
$8.24
Texas Roadhouse, Inc. (TXRH.O)  
O  (01/21/2025)  
$159.75
The Cheesecake Factory, Inc. (CAKE.O)  
E  (07/29/2026)  
$104.49
The Wendy's Company (WEN.O)  
U  (01/21/2025)  
$6.55
Wingstop Inc (WING.O)  
O  (01/21/2025)  
$99.07
Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM.N)  
O  (06/03/2026)  
$138.63
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Foodservice Distributors
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Brian Harbour, CFA
Performance Food Group Co (PFGC.N)  
O  (01/19/2026)  
$91.55
Sysco Corp (SYY.N)  
E  (09/29/2020)  
$78.46
The Chefs' Warehouse, Inc. (CHEF.O)  
E  (07/15/2026)  
$110.27
US Foods Holding Corp (USFD.N)  
E  (01/19/2026)  
$93.33
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Hardline/Broadline/Food Retail
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Pedro Gil, CFA
Somnigroup International Inc (SGI.N)  
O  (07/26/2026)  
$63.95
Simeon Gutman, CFA
Academy Sports and Outdoors Inc (ASO.O)  
E  (08/15/2022)  
$49.14
Advance Auto Parts Inc (AAP.N)  
E  (08/26/2021)  
$41.73
Albertsons Companies, Inc (ACI.N)  
U  (01/14/2026)  
$11.67
Arhaus Inc (ARHS.O)  
E  (11/29/2021)  
$9.71
AutoZone Inc. (AZO.N)  
O  (06/15/2022)  
$2,872.16
Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N)  
E  (01/19/2016)  
$90.51
BJ'S Wholesale Club (BJ.N)  
E  (07/23/2018)  
$93.79
Bob's Discount Furniture, Inc. (BOBS.N)  
O  (03/02/2026)  
$13.75
Costco Wholesale Corp (COST.O)  
O  (03/16/2020)  
$922.77
Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS.N)  
O  (08/26/2020)  
$136.43
Dollar General Corporation (DG.N)  
E  (08/29/2024)  
$124.84
Dollar Tree Inc (DLTR.O)  
E  (02/16/2016)  
$114.07
Driven Brands Holdings Inc (DRVN.O)  
E  (01/15/2024)  
$12.31
Five Below Inc (FIVE.O)  
E  (07/17/2024)  
$222.60
Floor & Decor Holdings Inc (FND.N)  
E  (11/12/2018)  
$47.06
Grocery Outlet Holding Corp (GO.O)  
E  (08/05/2025)  
$11.07
Home Depot Inc (HD.N)  
O  (02/23/2017)  
$293.20
Kroger Co. (KR.N)  
E  (01/17/2023)  
$58.74
Lowe's Companies Inc (LOW.N)  
O  (01/21/2015)  
$189.28
National Vision Holdings Inc. (EYE.O)  
E  (01/17/2023)  
$16.53
O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY.O)  
O  (01/20/2025)  
$86.12

M
 Foundation
58
Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI.O)  
E  (05/23/2021)  
$84.25
Petco Health and Wellness co (WOOF.O)  
E  (05/16/2022)  
$2.27
RH (RH.N)  
O  (01/12/2025)  
$124.17
Sally Beauty Holdings Inc (SBH.N)  
U  (06/15/2022)  
$17.18
Target Corp (TGT.N)  
O  (01/15/2024)  
$157.45
Tractor Supply Co (TSCO.O)  
E  (10/23/2025)  
$32.27
Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA.O)  
O  (01/20/2025)  
$545.20
Valvoline Inc. (VVV.N)  
E  (01/20/2025)  
$28.92
Walmart Inc (WMT.O)  
O  (01/23/2019)  
$107.98
Wayfair Inc (W.N)  
O  (01/15/2024)  
$98.15
Williams-Sonoma Inc (WSM.N)  
E  (03/14/2024)  
$231.90
Yesway (YSWY.O)  
E  (05/17/2026)  
$19.32
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Diversified Utilities / IPPs
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
David Arcaro, CFA
AES Corp. (AES.N)  
E  (03/06/2026)  
$14.87
American Electric Power Co (AEP.O)  
O  (03/10/2020)  
$118.35
Constellation Energy Corporation (CEG.O)  
O  (03/25/2026)  
$263.27
MGE Energy, Inc. (MGEE.O)  
U  (11/17/2021)  
$70.06
NextEra Energy Inc (NEE.N)  
O  (09/06/2022)  
$76.08
NRG Energy Inc (NRG.N)  
E  (12/09/2022)  
$100.37
Public Service Enterprise Group Inc (PEG.N)  
O  (07/02/2020)  
$67.02
Solaris Energy Infrastructure (SEI.N)  
O  (12/02/2025)  
$70.97
Talen Energy Corp (TLN.O)  
O  (03/12/2025)  
$304.42
Vistra Corp (VST.N)  
O  (03/25/2019)  
$138.46
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Insurance - Property & Casualty
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Bob Jian Huang
Accelerant Holdings (ARX.N)  
++
$19.75
Allstate Corp (ALL.N)  
E  (12/16/2025)  
$227.60
American International Group Inc (AIG.N)  
E  (06/20/2023)  
$74.17
Aon PLC (AON.N)  
O  (09/11/2025)  
$277.99
Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL.O)  
O  (06/20/2023)  
$94.66
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. (AJG.N)  
O  (12/19/2025)  
$231.10
Assurant Inc. (AIZ.N)  
O  (05/14/2026)  
$265.00
Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc. (BOW.N)  
E  (06/17/2024)  
$33.76
Brown & Brown Inc. (BRO.N)  
U  (07/06/2026)  
$60.82
Chubb Ltd (CB.N)  
E  (06/20/2023)  
$333.37
Everest Group Ltd. (EG.N)  
E  (02/05/2025)  
$370.43
Hamilton Insurance Group Ltd (HG.N)  
E  (08/19/2024)  
$33.29
Hanover Insurance Group Inc (THG.N)  
E  (12/05/2024)  
$217.44
Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG.N)  
E  (06/20/2023)  
$124.23
Intact Financial Corporation (IFC.TO)  
E  (06/20/2023)  
C$250.54
Kinsale Capital Group Inc (KNSL.N)  
E  (04/06/2026)  
$330.49
Lemonade Inc. (LMND.N)  
E  (07/08/2026)  
$44.93
Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc (MRSH.N)  
E  (06/20/2023)  
$171.12
Neptune Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NP.N)  
O  (08/19/2026)  
$27.51

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
59
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. (RNR.N)  
E  (02/26/2026)  
$325.60
Ryan Specialty Holdings Inc (RYAN.N)  
O  (12/05/2024)  
$37.89
Selective Insurance Group Inc. (SIGI.O)  
U  (08/05/2025)  
$86.12
Slide Insurance Holdings Inc (SLDE.O)  
E  (07/06/2026)  
$23.10
The Progressive Corp. (PGR.N)  
E  (07/24/2026)  
$205.50
The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV.N)  
U  (07/15/2026)  
$363.04
TWFG, Inc. (TWFG.O)  
O  (08/19/2026)  
$24.15
W.R. Berkley Corp. (WRB.N)  
E  (12/05/2024)  
$66.82
Willis Towers Watson PLC (WTW.O)  
E  (06/20/2023)  
$293.99
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Biotechnology
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Judah C. Frommer, CFA
4D Molecular Therapeutics Inc (FDMT.O)  
E  (11/06/2025)  
$14.47
Abivax (ABVX.O)  
O  (07/23/2025)  
$91.06
AgomAb Therapeutics NV (AGMB.O)  
O  (03/03/2026)  
$10.51
Arcutis Biotherapeutics, Inc. (ARQT.O)  
O  (07/02/2025)  
$26.92
Attovia Therapeutics, Inc. (ATTO.O)  
O  (08/30/2026)  
$17.78
Avalyn Pharma Inc (AVLN.O)  
O  (05/25/2026)  
$28.08
Belite Bio Inc (BLTE.O)  
O  (01/06/2026)  
$167.33
Bicara Therapeutics (BCAX.O)  
O  (10/08/2024)  
$19.21
Celldex Therapeutics Inc (CLDX.O)  
O  (03/20/2025)  
$31.10
Compass Pathways PLC (CMPS.O)  
O  (08/08/2025)  
$13.06
enGene Holdings Inc. (ENGN.O)  
U  (06/18/2026)  
$1.96
Evommune Inc (EVMN.N)  
O  (12/01/2025)  
$8.49
Genmab A/S (GMAB.O)  
E  (02/16/2026)  
$35.32
Immix Biopharma (IMMX.O)  
O  (03/25/2026)  
$10.97
Incyte Corp (INCY.O)  
E  (07/02/2025)  
$123.89
Kalaris Therapeutics (KLRS.O)  
O  (04/16/2026)  
$2.92
Kymera Therapeutics Inc (KYMR.O)  
O  (07/02/2025)  
$111.95
Lakefront Biotherapeutics (LKFT.O)  
E  (07/10/2026)  
$29.38
ProKidney Corp (PROK.O)  
E  (11/10/2022)  
$1.60
PTC Therapeutics (PTCT.O)  
O  (03/06/2025)  
$62.67
Q32 Bio Inc (QTTB.O)  
O  (08/24/2026)  
$8.77
Regenxbio Inc (RGNX.O)  
O  (11/15/2024)  
$7.40
Trevi Therapeutics Inc (TRVI.O)  
O  (08/21/2025)  
$14.41
Zenas Biopharma Inc (ZBIO.O)  
E  (01/05/2026)  
$26.95
Maxwell Skor
Achieve Life Sciences Inc (ACHV.O)  
O  (08/13/2026)  
$7.54
Adagene Inc. (ADAG.O)  
E  (01/30/2025)  
$2.93
Ascendis Pharma A/S (ASND.O)  
O  (05/05/2025)  
$225.60
Atea Pharmaceuticals Inc (AVIR.O)  
E  (08/12/2024)  
$5.17
Bicycle Therapeutics Plc (BCYC.O)  
E  (02/14/2022)  
$3.69
CRISPR Therapeutics AG (CRSP.O)  
E  (06/11/2026)  
$54.23
Cytokinetics Inc (CYTK.O)  
O  (02/13/2025)  
$64.66
Insmed Inc (INSM.O)  
O  (03/30/2026)  
$117.83
Monopar Therapeutics (MNPR.O)  
O  (01/09/2026)  
$85.24
Pharvaris N.V. (PHVS.O)  
O  (08/15/2023)  
$32.02
Sana Biotechnology, Inc (SANA.O)  
O  (03/01/2021)  
$2.95
Tscan Therapeutics Inc (TCRX.O)  
E  (11/13/2025)  
$0.34
Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE.O)  
E  (09/03/2026)  
$14.50
Michael E Ulz

M
 Foundation
60
Aardvark Therapeutics Inc. (AARD.O)  
U  (05/15/2026)  
$5.06
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc (ALNY.O)  
E  (09/09/2022)  
$255.96
Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc (ARWR.O)  
O  (04/21/2026)  
$65.92
BioAge Labs Inc (BIOA.O)  
E  (12/05/2025)  
$7.05
Cabaletta Bio Inc (CABA.O)  
O  (01/27/2023)  
$2.07
Dyne Therapeutics Inc (DYN.O)  
O  (04/30/2024)  
$16.03
Fractyl Health Inc (GUTS.O)  
E  (01/29/2026)  
$0.49
Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IONS.O)  
O  (07/30/2025)  
$44.50
Kyverna Therapeutics (KYTX.O)  
O  (03/04/2024)  
$6.81
Mirum Pharmaceuticals (MIRM.O)  
O  (11/13/2023)  
$89.70
Rhythm Pharmaceuticals Inc (RYTM.O)  
O  (12/19/2023)  
$98.66
Rocket Pharmaceuticals Inc (RCKT.O)  
E  (05/27/2025)  
$2.60
Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT.O)  
E  (06/16/2025)  
$18.67
Silence Therapeutics Plc (SLN.O)  
O  (05/08/2023)  
$11.18
Tenaya Therapeutics Inc (TNYA.O)  
O  (08/24/2021)  
$0.61
Viking Therapeutics Inc (VKTX.O)  
O  (06/27/2024)  
$35.56
Vir Biotechnology Inc (VIR.O)  
O  (01/08/2025)  
$10.66
Zentalis Pharmaceuticals Inc (ZNTL.O)  
E  (06/18/2024)  
$2.70
Sean Laaman, Ph.D.
ABSCI CORP (ABSI.O)  
E  (01/08/2026)  
$9.74
Acadia Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACAD.O)  
E  (08/06/2024)  
$20.68
Alector Inc (ALEC.O)  
U  (11/26/2024)  
$1.95
argenx SE (ARGX.O)  
O  (07/02/2025)  
$959.49
Axsome Therapeutics (AXSM.O)  
E  (01/08/2026)  
$195.09
BeOne Medicines (ONC.O)  
O  (12/02/2024)  
$360.85
Biomarin Pharmaceutical Inc (BMRN.O)  
O  (04/27/2026)  
$60.26
BridgeBio Oncology Therapeutics (BBOT.O)  
O  (12/05/2025)  
$3.95
BridgeBio Pharma Inc (BBIO.O)  
O  (01/06/2026)  
$65.57
CG Oncology (CGON.O)  
O  (02/19/2024)  
$67.15
Contineum Therapeutics (CTNM.O)  
E  (01/08/2026)  
$12.56
Cullinan Therapeutics (CGEM.O)  
O  (03/06/2025)  
$14.81
Denali Therapeutics Inc (DNLI.O)  
O  (03/06/2025)  
$20.39
Disc Medicine Inc (IRON.O)  
O  (11/04/2024)  
$65.24
Eikon Therapeutics Inc (EIKN.O)  
O  (03/02/2026)  
$7.92
Erasca, Inc. (ERAS.O)  
E  (08/17/2025)  
$14.25
Exelixis Inc. (EXEL.O)  
E  (01/08/2026)  
$58.16
Generate Biomedicines Inc (GENB.O)  
O  (03/24/2026)  
$15.15
Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc (HALO.O)  
O  (08/05/2025)  
$113.90
Immunocore Holdings Ltd (IMCR.O)  
E  (12/12/2024)  
$30.72
MapLight Therapeutics (MPLT.O)  
E  (07/27/2026)  
$10.46
Neurocrine Biosciences Inc (NBIX.O)  
E  (01/08/2026)  
$138.40
Recursion Pharmaceuticals Inc (RXRX.O)  
E  (05/22/2023)  
$3.74
Revolution Medicines Inc (RVMD.O)  
O  (09/10/2026)  
$204.97
Terence C Flynn, Ph.D.
Alumis Inc. (ALMS.O)  
O  (05/30/2025)  
$7.10
Amgen Inc. (AMGN.O)  
E  (10/16/2023)  
$414.61
Arcus Biosciences Inc. (RCUS.N)  
E  (01/08/2026)  
$24.97
Arvinas Inc (ARVN.O)  
E  (04/06/2022)  
$7.59
Biogen Inc (BIIB.O)  
E  (10/31/2024)  
$227.60
Biohaven Ltd (BHVN.N)  
O  (07/24/2024)  
$12.99
BioNTech SE (BNTX.O)  
O  (09/23/2024)  
$98.52
Gilead Sciences Inc. (GILD.O)  
O  (01/10/2025)  
$150.93
Intellia Therapeutics Inc (NTLA.O)  
E  (01/26/2025)  
$11.75
Legend Biotech Corp (LEGN.O)  
O  (01/31/2022)  
$19.11
Moderna Inc (MRNA.O)  
E  (12/16/2020)  
$198.88

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
61
Nurix Therapeutics Inc. (NRIX.O)  
O  (01/08/2026)  
$23.01
Prime Medicine Inc (PRME.O)  
E  (11/14/2022)  
$2.90
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (REGN.O)  
E  (12/03/2025)  
$788.04
Structure Therapeutics Inc (GPCR.O)  
O  (09/22/2024)  
$35.93
United Therapeutics Corp (UTHR.O)  
E  (07/11/2024)  
$475.45
Vertex Pharmaceuticals (VRTX.O)  
O  (09/01/2026)  
$526.19
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Major Pharmaceuticals
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Terence C Flynn, Ph.D.
Abbvie Inc. (ABBV.N)  
O  (05/11/2020)  
$264.34
Bristol Myers Squibb Co (BMY.N)  
U  (04/06/2022)  
$62.86
Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY.N)  
O  (09/03/2020)  
$1,183.46
Johnson & Johnson (JNJ.N)  
O  (01/28/2026)  
$271.22
Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK.N)  
O  (08/19/2026)  
$148.78
Organon & Co. (OGN.N)  
++
$13.73
Pfizer Inc (PFE.N)  
E  (07/30/2019)  
$28.67
Royalty Pharma Plc (RPRX.O)  
O  (05/16/2025)  
$58.21
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Healthcare Services & Distribution
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Erin Wright
BrightSpring Health Services (BTSG.O)  
O  (02/20/2024)  
$56.59
Cardinal Health Inc (CAH.N)  
O  (04/12/2022)  
$220.22
Cencora Inc (COR.N)  
O  (01/29/2026)  
$306.92
CVS Health Corp (CVS.N)  
O  (01/05/2018)  
$89.13
Labcorp Holdings Inc (LH.N)  
O  (02/23/2015)  
$309.64
McKesson Corporation (MCK.N)  
O  (01/10/2020)  
$866.64
Option Care Health (OPCH.O)  
O  (10/17/2025)  
$23.07
Quest Diagnostics Inc. (DGX.N)  
O  (12/17/2024)  
$236.32
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Communications Infrastructure
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Cameron McVeigh, CFA
American Tower Corp. (AMT.N)  
O  (03/31/2025)  
$169.03
Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust (BXDC.N)  
E  (06/10/2026)  
$19.08
Crown Castle Corp. (CCI.N)  
E  (09/21/2026)  
$67.84
Csquare, Inc (CSQR.N)  
O  (08/10/2026)  
$17.01
Digital Realty Trust Inc. (DLR.N)  
E  (10/16/2025)  
$178.61
Equinix Inc. (EQIX.O)  
O  (10/16/2025)  
$1,008.08
SBA Communications (SBAC.O)  
E  (03/31/2025)  
$166.15
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Payments and Processing

M
 Foundation
62
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
James E Faucette
Affirm Holdings Inc (AFRM.O)  
E  (06/25/2026)  
$71.52
Automatic Data Processing Inc (ADP.O)  
E  (02/25/2021)  
$263.67
Block, Inc (XYZ.N)  
O  (02/27/2026)  
$76.42
Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc. (BR.N)  
E  (12/14/2022)  
$163.77
Chime Financial Inc (CHYM.O)  
O  (07/07/2025)  
$26.78
Circle Internet Group Inc. (CRCL.N)  
U  (08/03/2026)  
$89.00
Evertec Inc (EVTC.N)  
E  (11/21/2024)  
$28.18
Fidelity National Information Services (FIS.N)  
E  (07/07/2026)  
$35.41
Fiserv Inc. (FISV.O)  
E  (10/30/2025)  
$46.48
Galaxy Digital Inc. (GLXY.O)  
O  (11/06/2025)  
$24.24
Global-e Online Ltd. (GLBE.O)  
E  (08/10/2026)  
$40.17
Global Payments Inc (GPN.N)  
O  (07/20/2026)  
$86.49
Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY.O)  
E  (06/15/2022)  
$147.79
Klarna Group Plc (KLAR.N)  
E  (10/06/2025)  
$12.80
MasterCard Inc (MA.N)  
O  (03/28/2016)  
$567.65
Paychex Inc (PAYX.O)  
E  (02/25/2021)  
$101.37
PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL.O)  
U  (12/18/2025)  
$55.04
Shift4 Payments Inc. (FOUR.N)  
E  (08/25/2023)  
$38.45
SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC.O)  
E  (10/28/2019)  
$78.61
Upstart Holdings, Inc. (UPST.O)  
E  (02/14/2025)  
$23.81
Verra Mobility Corp (VRRM.O)  
E  (05/26/2021)  
$3.24
Visa Inc. (V.N)  
O  (03/28/2016)  
$367.38
Western Union Co (WU.N)  
U  (02/02/2015)  
$6.18
Michael N Infante
Corpay Inc (CPAY.N)  
O  (01/26/2026)  
$398.11
Flywire Corp (FLYW.O)  
O  (03/02/2026)  
$17.40
Marqeta, Inc. (MQ.O)  
E  (02/25/2026)  
$16.96
nCino, Inc. (NCNO.O)  
O  (09/10/2025)  
$19.41
NerdWallet Inc. (NRDS.O)  
U  (03/13/2026)  
$8.50
Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO.N)  
E  (08/10/2020)  
$56.13
WEX Inc (WEX.N)  
E  (02/25/2021)  
$178.28
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Business & Education Services
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Greg Parrish, CFA
ADT Inc (ADT.N)  
E  (10/31/2022)  
$6.40
Advantage Solutions Inc (ADV.O)  
E  (04/01/2021)  
$33.12
BrightView Holdings Inc. (BV.N)  
E  (08/22/2024)  
$10.41
Global Business Travel Group Inc (GBTG.N)  
++
$9.50
Phoenix Education Partners, Inc. (PXED.N)  
O  (11/03/2025)  
$25.85
Rollins Inc. (ROL.N)  
O  (12/17/2025)  
$30.03
Mauricio I Cepeda
Laureate Education Inc (LAUR.O)  
U  (07/27/2026)  
$37.40
Toni Kaplan
Andersen Group Inc. (ANDG.N)  
E  (01/12/2026)  
$52.96
Aramark Holdings Corporation (ARMK.N)  
E  (08/10/2016)  
$54.92
Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM.N)  
U  (04/07/2021)  
$65.86
Cintas Corp (CTAS.O)  
++
$199.91
Clarivate Plc. (CLVT.N)  
++
$1.78

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
63
Equifax Inc (EFX.N)  
O  (12/12/2024)  
$148.11
FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS.N)  
E  (12/17/2025)  
$273.08
Gartner Inc. (IT.N)  
E  (11/03/2021)  
$187.90
Kindercare Learning Companies Inc (KLC.N)  
U  (03/12/2026)  
$2.12
McGraw Hill, Inc. (MH.N)  
O  (08/18/2025)  
$12.73
Moody's Corp (MCO.N)  
E  (01/07/2020)  
$468.70
MSCI Inc. (MSCI.N)  
O  (12/13/2023)  
$551.36
Republic Services Inc. (RSG.N)  
E  (03/15/2024)  
$212.10
S&P Global Inc (SPGI.N)  
O  (03/18/2021)  
$403.30
Thomson Reuters Corp. (TRI.O)  
E  (02/02/2021)  
$98.99
TransUnion (TRU.N)  
O  (01/04/2023)  
$69.17
Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK.O)  
E  (11/08/2022)  
$169.21
Waste Connections Inc. (WCN.N)  
O  (10/13/2020)  
$155.56
Waste Management, Inc. (WM.N)  
E  (10/13/2020)  
$206.83
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Defense
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Kristine T Liwag
Applied Aerospace & Defense Inc (AADX.N)  
E  (06/29/2026)  
$12.64
Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW.N)  
O  (08/06/2023)  
$539.73
General Dynamics Corp. (GD.N)  
O  (12/16/2025)  
$336.72
L3Harris Technologies Inc (LHX.N)  
++
$237.69
Leonardo DRS Inc (DRS.O)  
E  (05/24/2024)  
$37.16
Lockheed Martin Corp (LMT.N)  
E  (12/16/2025)  
$519.56
Moog Inc. (MOGa.N)  
E  (11/22/2023)  
$387.80
Northrop Grumman Corp. (NOC.N)  
O  (09/07/2020)  
$510.52
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Large Cap Banks
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Manan Gosalia
Bank of America (BAC.N)  
O  (04/07/2025)  
$56.70
Bank of New York Mellon (BNY.N)  
E  (02/17/2026)  
$150.15
Citigroup Inc. (C.N)  
O  (01/30/2024)  
$134.28
Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB.N)  
O  (10/07/2025)  
$52.10
Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N)  
E  (04/07/2025)  
$935.45
Huntington Bancshares (HBAN.O)  
E  (07/24/2026)  
$15.64
JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N)  
E  (09/30/2024)  
$343.06
KeyCorp (KEY.N)  
E  (04/07/2020)  
$20.61
Northern Trust Corp. (NTRS.O)  
U  (04/07/2025)  
$175.73
PNC Financial Services (PNC.N)  
E  (02/17/2026)  
$225.64
State Street Corporation (STT.N)  
O  (12/09/2024)  
$181.34
Truist Financial Corp (TFC.N)  
E  (07/06/2026)  
$47.66
U.S. Bancorp (USB.N)  
E  (09/28/2025)  
$59.33
Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC.N)  
E  (09/28/2025)  
$82.97
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Midcap Banks
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  

M
 Foundation
64
Brian Wilczynski, CFA
Atlantic Union Bankshares (AUB.N)  
E  (04/09/2025)  
$38.78
Commerce Bancshares Inc (CBSH.O)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$56.44
Customers Bancorp Inc (CUBI.N)  
U  (09/08/2026)  
$77.06
Simmons First National Corp (SFNC.O)  
U  (09/08/2026)  
$23.23
UMB Financial Corp (UMBF.O)  
O  (11/21/2024)  
$135.82
Ryan Kenny, CFA
Bank Ozk (OZK.O)  
U  (09/08/2026)  
$46.89
Central Bancompany (CBC.O)  
E  (09/08/2026)  
$32.06
Citizens Financial Group, Inc (CFG.N)  
O  (09/28/2025)  
$65.53
Cullen/Frost Bankers (CFR.N)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$157.42
East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC.O)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$127.23
First Horizon Corp (FHN.N)  
E  (09/08/2026)  
$23.46
Flagstar Bank, N.A (FLG.N)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$12.37
M&T Bank Corp. (MTB.N)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$221.19
Merchants Bancorp (MBIN.O)  
E  (09/09/2024)  
$52.10
Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc (PNFP.N)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$94.97
Prosperity Bancshares Inc (PB.N)  
U  (09/08/2026)  
$67.77
Regions Financial Corp (RF.N)  
E  (12/09/2024)  
$27.62
Valley National Bancorp (VLY.O)  
E  (05/06/2026)  
$13.08
Zions Bancorporation NA (ZION.O)  
U  (09/08/2026)  
$63.83
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Midcap Advisors
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Ryan Kenny, CFA
Evercore Inc (EVR.N)  
E  (12/07/2025)  
$262.91
Houlihan Lokey Inc (HLI.N)  
O  (03/12/2025)  
$129.07
Jefferies Financial Group Inc (JEF.N)  
E  (03/08/2026)  
$47.68
Lazard Inc (LAZ.N)  
U  (04/07/2025)  
$36.72
Lincoln International Inc (LCLN.N)  
E  (06/14/2026)  
$23.37
Moelis & Co (MC.N)  
O  (06/22/2025)  
$58.74
SEI Investments Company (SEIC.O)  
O  (04/07/2025)  
$105.65
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Consumer Finance
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Jeffrey Adelson, CFA
Ally Financial Inc (ALLY.N)  
O  (02/08/2024)  
$38.79
American Express Company (AXP.N)  
E  (02/08/2024)  
$308.89
Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. (BFH.N)  
E  (04/16/2026)  
$102.91
Capital One Financial Corporation (COF.N)  
O  (07/09/2025)  
$200.20
Navient Corp (NAVI.O)  
E  (12/01/2022)  
$9.12
Rocket Cos Inc (RKT.N)  
O  (07/15/2026)  
$12.17
SLM Corp (SLM.O)  
E  (12/09/2025)  
$23.66
SoFi Technologies, Inc. (SOFI.O)  
U  (01/31/2024)  
$16.58
Synchrony Financial (SYF.N)  
E  (04/07/2025)  
$72.94
UWM Holdings Corp (UWMC.N)  
E  (09/28/2025)  
$1.22
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
65
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Software
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Adam Wood
Adobe Inc. (ADBE.O)  
U  (07/21/2026)  
$235.47
Atlassian Corporation PLC (TEAM.O)  
O  (01/13/2020)  
$187.74
Intuit (INTU.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$275.79
Microsoft (MSFT.O)  
O  (07/21/2026)  
$516.17
Salesforce, Inc. (CRM.N)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$234.02
Samsara Inc (IOT.N)  
E  (03/23/2023)  
$37.96
ServiceNow Inc (NOW.N)  
O  (09/24/2025)  
$135.62
Shopify Inc (SHOP.O)  
O  (04/19/2024)  
$142.25
Workday Inc (WDAY.O)  
U  (07/21/2026)  
$189.45
Chris Quintero
BILL Holdings Inc (BILL.N)  
E  (06/10/2025)  
$44.25
Blackline Inc (BL.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$27.99
Box Inc (BOX.N)  
E  (05/21/2024)  
$31.39
CCC Intelligent Solutions Holdings Inc (CCC.O)  
O  (11/13/2024)  
$6.90
Descartes Systems Group Inc (DSGX.O)  
O  (01/15/2026)  
$78.61
DocuSign Inc (DOCU.O)  
E  (01/16/2024)  
$67.50
Manhattan Associates Inc. (MANH.O)  
E  (10/21/2025)  
$206.03
Navan Inc (NAVN.O)  
O  (11/24/2025)  
$19.42
ServiceTitan Inc (TTAN.O)  
O  (01/20/2026)  
$58.05
SPS Commerce Inc (SPSC.O)  
U  (07/21/2026)  
$81.30
Vertex Inc. (VERX.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$11.37
Via Transportation Inc (VIA.N)  
O  (01/20/2026)  
$29.41
Elizabeth Porter, CFA
Amplitude Inc. (AMPL.O)  
O  (01/15/2026)  
$13.30
Asana Inc (ASAN.N)  
U  (05/20/2025)  
$9.02
Autodesk (ADSK.O)  
O  (08/23/2024)  
$209.40
Figma Inc (FIG.N)  
E  (08/25/2025)  
$20.85
Five9 Inc (FIVN.O)  
E  (10/10/2022)  
$35.77
Freshworks Inc (FRSH.O)  
E  (10/18/2021)  
$12.54
GoDaddy Inc (GDDY.N)  
E  (07/19/2021)  
$97.14
HubSpot, Inc. (HUBS.N)  
O  (03/21/2023)  
$213.74
Klaviyo, Inc (KVYO.N)  
O  (04/29/2026)  
$15.80
Liveramp Holdings Inc (RAMP.N)  
E  (01/13/2025)  
$37.50
monday.com Ltd (MNDY.O)  
O  (08/12/2025)  
$83.66
NICE Ltd. (NICE.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$112.81
Octave Intelligence Plc (OCTV.O)  
E  (09/17/2026)  
$18.83
RingCentral Inc (RNG.N)  
E  (08/08/2023)  
$76.16
Sprinklr Inc (CXM.N)  
E  (07/19/2021)  
$5.07
Sprout Social Inc (SPT.O)  
E  (11/17/2020)  
$9.54
Toast, Inc. (TOST.N)  
O  (12/16/2021)  
$30.60
Twilio Inc (TWLO.N)  
O  (02/24/2025)  
$275.80
Wix.Com Ltd (WIX.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$73.79
Zeta Global Holdings Corp (ZETA.N)  
E  (08/01/2024)  
$29.45
Zoom Communications (ZM.O)  
E  (10/11/2022)  
$89.71
ZoomInfo Technologies Inc (GTM.O)  
E  (02/01/2024)  
$3.75
Meryl R Thomas, CFA
Lightspeed Commerce Inc. (LSPD.N)  
E  (02/18/2021)  
$9.87
Meta A Marshall
Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP.O)  
E  (10/16/2023)  
$131.24
CrowdStrike Holdings Inc (CRWD.O)  
O  (03/10/2026)  
$252.13

M
 Foundation
66
Fortinet Inc. (FTNT.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$173.46
Gen Digital Inc. (GEN.O)  
E  (06/07/2024)  
$21.62
Netskope, Inc. (NTSK.O)  
O  (10/13/2025)  
$17.67
Okta, Inc. (OKTA.O)  
O  (12/02/2024)  
$195.19
Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW.O)  
O  (10/10/2017)  
$374.74
Qualys Inc (QLYS.O)  
U  (02/09/2021)  
$172.43
Rapid7 Inc (RPD.O)  
U  (07/21/2026)  
$11.62
SailPoint Inc (SAIL.O)  
O  (09/02/2025)  
$20.64
SentinelOne, Inc. (S.N)  
E  (12/02/2024)  
$22.38
Tenable Holdings Inc (TENB.O)  
E  (12/02/2024)  
$33.49
Varonis Systems, Inc. (VRNS.O)  
E  (01/26/2026)  
$46.25
Zscaler Inc (ZS.O)  
E  (04/22/2026)  
$193.05
Ryan Lountzis
CoreWeave (CRWV.O)  
E  (04/22/2025)  
$87.59
Nebius Group NV (NBIS.O)  
E  (01/15/2026)  
$237.33
Sanjit K Singh
Akamai Technologies, Inc. (AKAM.O)  
O  (01/12/2026)  
$113.94
Appian Corp (APPN.O)  
E  (04/30/2026)  
$36.01
C3.ai (AI.N)  
U  (01/04/2021)  
$10.65
Cloudflare Inc (NET.N)  
O  (12/02/2024)  
$349.02
Datadog, Inc. (DDOG.O)  
O  (01/12/2026)  
$268.13
DigitalOcean Holdings Inc (DOCN.N)  
O  (01/16/2025)  
$139.75
Dynatrace Inc (DT.N)  
O  (08/25/2026)  
$57.95
Elastic NV (ESTC.N)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$88.12
GitLab Inc (GTLB.O)  
E  (01/12/2026)  
$46.85
JFrog Ltd. (FROG.O)  
E  (07/21/2026)  
$89.18
MongoDB Inc (MDB.O)  
O  (04/12/2023)  
$410.44
Oracle Corporation (ORCL.N)  
E  (01/15/2019)  
$137.10
PagerDuty, Inc. (PD.N)  
U  (07/21/2026)  
$14.38
Palantir Technologies Inc. (PLTR.O)  
E  (02/04/2025)  
$189.67
Snowflake Inc. (SNOW.N)  
O  (06/24/2025)  
$335.94
UiPath Inc (PATH.N)  
E  (09/07/2022)  
$12.46
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: China Internet and Other Services
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Eddy Wang, CFA
Autohome Inc (ATHM.N)  
E  (02/09/2023)  
$21.33
Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd (YMM.N)  
O  (07/05/2023)  
$8.13
JD.com, Inc. (JD.O)  
U  (11/10/2025)  
$26.51
Kanzhun Ltd (BZ.O)  
O  (08/04/2021)  
$14.11
KE Holdings Inc (BEKE.N)  
O  (03/16/2022)  
$16.33
PDD Holdings Inc (PDD.O)  
O  (03/02/2023)  
$77.57
Vipshop Holdings Ltd (VIPS.N)  
E  (02/24/2022)  
$12.38
Gary Yu
Alibaba Group Holding (BABA.N)  
O  (02/24/2025)  
$109.74
Baidu Inc (BIDU.O)  
U  (08/19/2026)  
$87.33
Meituan (3690.HK)  
O  (08/29/2024)  
HK$71.65
Tencent Holdings Ltd. (0700.HK)  
O  (03/19/2020)  
HK$436.60
Rebecca Xu
HUYA Inc (HUYA.N)  
E  (05/16/2024)  
$2.30
IQIYI Inc (IQ.O)  
E  (01/19/2023)  
$1.02

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
67
JOYY Inc. (JOYY.O)  
E  (06/02/2022)  
$79.77
Weibo Corp (WB.O)  
U  (05/17/2024)  
$6.49
Yang Liu
Bilibili Inc (BILI.O)  
++
$14.90
Kuaishou Technology (1024.HK)  
E  (08/20/2026)  
HK$30.02
NetEase, Inc (NTES.O)  
O  (01/08/2025)  
$115.41
Tongcheng Travel Holdings (0780.HK)  
O  (01/04/2019)  
HK$10.20
Trip.com Group Ltd (TCOM.O)  
O  (05/17/2021)  
$39.43
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Greater China IT Services and Software
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Gary Yu
MiniMax (0100.HK)  
O  (02/20/2026)  
HK$275.20
Z.AI CO., LTD. (2513.HK)  
O  (02/20/2026)  
HK$633.50
Lydia Lin
Beisen Holding Limited (9669.HK)  
O  (06/23/2025)  
HK$3.26
Chinasoft International Ltd (0354.HK)  
U  (05/04/2026)  
HK$3.77
Glodon Co. Ltd. (002410.SZ)  
E  (08/23/2023)  
Rmb8.40
Hundsun Technologies Inc. (600570.SS)  
U  (04/07/2025)  
Rmb19.94
Meitu Inc (1357.HK)  
O  (10/01/2024)  
HK$3.73
Yang Liu
Beijing Kingsoft Office Software Inc (688111.SS)  
U  (08/26/2024)  
Rmb222.03
Kingdee International Software Group (0268.HK)  
O  (08/03/2026)  
HK$7.38
Kingsoft Cloud Holdings (KC.O)  
O  (07/07/2026)  
$9.66
Kingsoft Corp Ltd (3888.HK)  
E  (07/21/2025)  
HK$24.52
Sangfor Technologies Inc (300454.SZ)  
O  (08/24/2026)  
Rmb141.99
Tuya Inc. (TUYA.N)  
O  (11/29/2023)  
$1.69
Wangsu Science & Technology (300017.SZ)  
U  (11/12/2024)  
Rmb15.14
Yonyou Network Technology Co Ltd (600588.SS)  
U  (11/12/2024)  
Rmb9.30
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Technology - Software & Services
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Adam Wood
SAP SE (SAP.N)  
O  (02/20/2026)  
$210.68
SAP SE (SAPG.DE)  
O  (03/20/2020)  
€185.92
George W Webb
Amadeus IT Group, S.A. (AMA.MC)  
O  (04/10/2026)  
€53.48
Capgemini (CAPP.PA)  
E  (02/19/2026)  
€104.50
Dassault Systemes SA (DAST.PA)  
E  (03/17/2026)  
€21.07
Hexagon AB (HEXAb.ST)  
SKr 98.40
IONOS Group SE (IOSn.DE)  
O  (08/07/2026)  
€34.56
Nemetschek SE (NEKG.DE)  
E  (07/13/2022)  
€62.25
Netcompany Group A/S (NETCG.CO)  
U  (01/12/2026)  
DKr 310.00
Sage (SGE.L)  
O  (12/08/2021)  
1,003p
Mark Hyatt
HBX Group International PLC (HBX.MC)  
E  (04/17/2026)  
€7.25
Temenos Group AG (TEMN.S)  
U  (12/15/2017)  
SFr 67.15
Tieto Oyj (TIETO.HE)  
U  (01/12/2026)  
€18.46

M
 Foundation
68
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Powered Shell Providers
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Stephen C Byrd
Applied Digital Corp. (APLD.O)  
E  (07/23/2026)  
$26.25
Cipher Mining Inc. (CIFR.O)  
O  (02/08/2026)  
$17.73
Hut 8 Mining Corp. (HUT.O)  
O  (07/23/2026)  
$96.82
Mara Holdings Inc. (MARA.O)  
U  (02/08/2026)  
$12.55
Riot Platforms Inc. (RIOT.O)  
O  (07/23/2026)  
$23.00
TeraWulf Inc (WULF.O)  
O  (02/08/2026)  
$15.74
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Clean Tech
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
David Arcaro, CFA
Array Technologies Inc (ARRY.O)  
E  (10/17/2023)  
$4.03
Bloom Energy Corp. (BE.N)  
O  (01/09/2023)  
$288.70
Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH.O)  
U  (04/23/2025)  
$32.40
EVgo Inc (EVGO.O)  
E  (06/02/2025)  
$1.38
First Solar Inc (FSLR.O)  
O  (12/08/2023)  
$177.71
Fluence Energy Inc (FLNC.O)  
E  (11/22/2021)  
$7.85
GE Vernova (GEV.N)  
O  (08/01/2024)  
$957.63
Innio N.V. (INIO.O)  
O  (06/29/2026)  
$19.12
Plug Power Inc. (PLUG.O)  
U  (12/06/2023)  
$1.98
Shoals Technologies Group (SHLS.O)  
E  (12/16/2025)  
$7.47
Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG.O)  
E  (12/16/2025)  
$32.68
Sunrun Inc (RUN.O)  
E  (04/23/2025)  
$8.11
X-Energy Inc. (XE.O)  
O  (05/19/2026)  
$15.08
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Energy Services & Equipment
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Joe Laetsch, CFA
Baker Hughes Co (BKR.O)  
O  (08/07/2026)  
$57.83
Halliburton Co (HAL.N)  
O  (01/04/2022)  
$32.76
Helmerich & Payne Inc (HP.N)  
U  (03/26/2025)  
$38.57
Liberty Energy (LBRT.N)  
O  (03/26/2025)  
$18.94
Nabors Industries Inc. (NBR.N)  
O  (10/17/2023)  
$81.33
NOV Inc. (NOV.N)  
E  (12/15/2025)  
$19.86
Patterson-UTI Energy (PTEN.O)  
E  (10/17/2023)  
$10.91
Perimeter Solutions (PRM.N)  
O  (06/09/2022)  
$29.11
ProFrac Holding Corp (ACDC.O)  
U  (10/17/2024)  
$4.61
ProPetro Holding Corp (PUMP.N)  
E  (09/14/2026)  
$9.59
Schlumberger NV (SLB.N)  
O  (09/10/2019)  
$51.54
Tenaris SA (TS.N)  
E  (07/15/2026)  
$55.47
Transocean Ltd. (RIG.N)  
E  (07/07/2020)  
$5.38
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
69
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Midstream Energy Infrastructure
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Robert S Kad
Antero Midstream Corp (AM.N)  
E  (04/21/2026)  
$20.93
Brookfield Infrastructure Corp (BIPC.N)  
U  (03/22/2026)  
$34.96
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP.N)  
O  (03/22/2026)  
$34.76
DT Midstream, Inc. (DTM.N)  
O  (09/09/2026)  
$122.28
Enbridge (ENB.TO)  
E  (10/25/2024)  
C$66.13
Energy Transfer LP (ET.N)  
E  (12/17/2025)  
$20.19
Enterprise Products LP (EPD.N)  
U  (12/17/2025)  
$36.75
Hess Midstream LP (HESM.N)  
U  (06/09/2026)  
$38.25
Kinder Morgan Inc. (KMI.N)  
E  (09/16/2024)  
$30.75
Kinetik Holdings Inc (KNTK.N)  
O  (07/29/2026)  
$51.21
MPLX LP (MPLX.N)  
E  (03/19/2021)  
$56.80
Oneok Inc. (OKE.N)  
E  (07/29/2026)  
$88.63
Plains All American Pipeline LP (PAA.O)  
E  (10/25/2024)  
$24.42
Plains GP Holdings, L.P. (PAGP.O)  
E  (10/25/2024)  
$26.58
South Bow Corp (SOBO.TO)  
U  (10/25/2024)  
C$48.08
Targa Resources Corp. (TRGP.N)  
O  (03/19/2021)  
$277.84
TC Energy Corp (TRP.TO)  
O  (09/09/2026)  
C$83.17
WaterBridge Infrastructure LLC (WBI.N)  
O  (04/21/2026)  
$29.80
Western Midstream Partners LP (WES.N)  
E  (06/09/2026)  
$45.60
Williams Companies Inc (WMB.N)  
O  (10/03/2024)  
$69.26
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Semiconductors
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Joseph Moore
Advanced Micro Devices (AMD.O)  
E  (06/09/2024)  
$630.63
Aeva Technologies Inc (AEVA.O)  
E  (07/19/2021)  
$15.35
Allegro Microsystems Inc (ALGM.O)  
O  (02/13/2026)  
$36.76
Ambarella Inc (AMBA.O)  
O  (03/29/2016)  
$72.68
Amkor Technology Inc (AMKR.O)  
E  (11/08/2023)  
$53.61
Analog Devices Inc. (ADI.O)  
O  (11/16/2023)  
$393.60
Astera Labs Inc (ALAB.O)  
O  (05/11/2025)  
$364.62
Broadcom Inc. (AVGO.O)  
O  (06/09/2024)  
$352.81
Cerebras Systems (CBRS.O)  
O  (06/08/2026)  
$206.75
GlobalFoundries Inc (GFS.O)  
E  (10/28/2024)  
$49.00
Intel Corporation (INTC.O)  
E  (02/22/2023)  
$123.00
IonQ Inc (IONQ.N)  
E  (04/25/2023)  
$45.48
Marvell Technology Group Ltd (MRVL.O)  
E  (09/14/2015)  
$261.94
Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP.O)  
E  (07/10/2024)  
$78.69
Micron Technology Inc. (MU.O)  
O  (10/06/2025)  
$1,082.28
Navitas Semiconductor Corp (NVTS.O)  
U  (04/06/2025)  
$12.20
NVIDIA Corp. (NVDA.O)  
O  (03/16/2023)  
$225.07
NXP Semiconductor NV (NXPI.O)  
O  (02/11/2025)  
$238.08
ON Semiconductor Corp. (ON.O)  
++
$77.20
Qorvo Inc (QRVO.O)  
E  (10/28/2025)  
$117.97
Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM.O)  
E  (06/24/2026)  
$201.97
Quantinuum (QNT.O)  
E  (06/29/2026)  
$49.53
SanDisk Corporation. (SNDK.O)  
O  (03/03/2025)  
$1,777.80
Semtech Corp. (SMTC.O)  
E  (04/06/2025)  
$182.30

M
 Foundation
70
Silicon Laboratories Inc. (SLAB.O)  
E  (01/19/2021)  
$221.24
SiTime Corporation (SITM.O)  
O  (09/16/2026)  
$662.27
Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS.O)  
E  (11/28/2018)  
$89.34
Texas Instruments (TXN.O)  
U  (04/13/2020)  
$278.07
Wolfspeed, INC (WOLF.N)  
NR  (04/06/2025)  
$27.57
Lee Simpson
Arm Holdings plc (ARM.O)  
E  (04/07/2026)  
$310.32
Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS.O)  
O  (02/14/2024)  
$326.13
PDF Solutions Inc (PDFS.O)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$49.55
Synopsys Inc. (SNPS.O)  
O  (09/08/2026)  
$425.76
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Telecom & Networking Equipment
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Meta A Marshall
Arista Networks (ANET.N)  
O  (10/31/2023)  
$206.55
Axon Enterprise Inc (AXON.O)  
O  (12/03/2024)  
$430.11
Ciena Corporation (CIEN.N)  
E  (10/10/2025)  
$356.91
Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O)  
O  (04/08/2024)  
$106.70
Coherent Corp (COHR.N)  
E  (12/13/2023)  
$295.83
Corning Inc (GLW.N)  
E  (06/13/2024)  
$156.74
F5 Inc (FFIV.O)  
E  (04/12/2022)  
$443.06
Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS.N)  
O  (07/13/2026)  
$362.15
Lumentum Holdings Inc (LITE.O)  
E  (05/12/2021)  
$941.65
Motorola Solutions Inc (MSI.N)  
O  (12/17/2025)  
$456.88
Zebra Technologies Corporation (ZBRA.O)  
E  (12/02/2024)  
$370.04
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
INDUSTRY COVERAGE: Machinery & Construction
Company (Ticker)
Rating (As Of)
Price* (09/25/2026)  
Angel Castillo
AGCO Corp (AGCO.N)  
U  (04/16/2025)  
$118.02
Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN.N)  
E  (01/08/2024)  
$113.86
Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N)  
E  (05/01/2026)  
$821.58
CNH Industrial NV (CNH.N)  
O  (12/17/2024)  
$13.09
CRH (CRH.N)  
O  (09/11/2026)  
$85.04
Cummins Inc (CMI.N)  
O  (01/08/2024)  
$525.06
Deere & Co. (DE.N)  
O  (01/08/2024)  
$690.46
Donaldson Company Inc. (DCI.N)  
E  (11/24/2025)  
$87.41
ERock Inc (EROC.N)  
O  (07/06/2026)  
$12.60
ITG Inc (ITG.O)  
O  (07/27/2026)  
$10.48
Kennametal Inc. (KMT.N)  
U  (08/10/2026)  
$31.03
Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc (LECO.O)  
E  (08/10/2026)  
$271.70
Martin Marietta Materials Inc (MLM.N)  
O  (01/08/2024)  
$484.30
Oshkosh Corp (OSK.N)  
E  (01/08/2024)  
$132.75
PACCAR Inc (PCAR.O)  
E  (04/16/2025)  
$111.31
Target Hospitality Corp. (TH.O)  
O  (08/17/2026)  
$20.58
Terex Corp. (TEX.N)  
O  (12/10/2025)  
$57.33
Timken Co (TKR.N)  
O  (12/17/2024)  
$117.45
United Rentals Inc. (URI.N)  
O  (04/16/2025)  
$1,047.06
Vulcan Materials Company (VMC.N)  
E  (01/08/2024)  
$245.00

M
 Foundation
Morgan Stanley Research
71
Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp (WAB.N)  
O  (01/08/2024)  
$288.00
WillScot Holdings Corporation (WSC.O)  
E  (11/12/2025)  
$18.17
Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company.
* Historical prices are not split adjusted.
© 2026 Morgan Stanley
