GS Garrett - weekend prep ... 4 Oct 2026
Brian Garrett  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, FICC & Equities
Sun 4 Oct 2026, 3:27pm ET
this week made it even more clear that SPX spot is no longer behaving like the clearing price for risk …
correlations across almost everything have broken down vs the standard and poor’s 500, which seems to
be increasingly correlated with almost nothing but itself (and even then it’s a stretch eq weight vs mkt cap)
bonds are telling a different story … rates are telling a different story (“the equity market is trading the
fed, the bond market is trading the regime”) … oil is telling a different story … sentiment is telling a
different story (consumer sentiment at all-time lows) … all while spx implied vol trades in low double
digits … market participants are waiting for a corr-1 event to force these relationships back into order, but
the problem with waiting for a 4+ sigma occurrence is that it, by definition, is quite infrequent
cross asset factors / signals that historically would have caused ripple effects into the s&p have provided
nothing of the sort … instead spx continues to behave like a self-contained asset class – driven less by
traditional macro transmission and more by narrow set of forces dominating index returns (“ai vs non-ai”)
… wreaking max frustration for the aggressive investor community … my credit and rates colleagues
continue to signal high anxiety while spx chops in 20bps increments and vix grinds to levels normally
saved for december holidays
even retail is starting to take note, as barron’s cover article this weekend references a “scary” divided stock
market referencing both max dispersion and low breadth ... the stock trader almanac suggests this isn’t a
harbinger of immediate pnl destruction, but conversations in the trenches coupled with net positioning
levels suggest otherwise
the spx vs spx(exAI) chart was one of the highlights from the week (below) … if you just follow the
earnings, an outlier doesn’t mean its wrong … this season, “the top 10 contributing stocks are expected to
account for over two-thirds of aggregate s&p 500 earnings growth” –
trades (vanilla) ::
i think you need to broaden out from using solely “cheap spx” to hedge the book – we’ve traded a lot of
iwm downside, a lot of HYG and TLT convexity, and a lot of single stock protection over the last week
(upside and downside) … if the “k shape” economy continues to bleed into a “k shape” market, the cost of
wing-downside in spxxai is interesting – spxxai mar 85% put costs 132bps (spx equiv is 1.01%) … spxxai
mar 80% put costs 93bps (spx equiv is 0.71%)
trades (light exo) ::
as mentioned below, rty short exposure via futures is extreme – an aggressive move lower in yields can
could create a squeeze … hedge that node with a dual digi (yields lower, small caps higher) … 3 month
expiry, IWM >108% and 10ySOFR <35bps is 10:1 payout … another light exo trade that’s cheap
compared to itself, is spx lower, crude lower (trades in 6th pctl on 2y lookback) … you can significantly

cheapen up the embedded SPX digi by adding USO lower contingency … 3m SPX < 96% and USO <
90% costs 6.1% (16:1 payout)
weekend prep bonus :: the tail book
this might be one of the most useful weekly 1 pagers now externally available … in 2026 parlance, akin to
“tailGPT”
prompt :: “take the most significant 3 month risk-off periods across the largest markets over the last 20
years (spx, cdx, rates, fx, etc) … pull the historical spot level changes across every major asset class
during those periods… then assume one was to go long the 3m 50delta, 3m 25delta, or 3m 10delta option
for each of those periods at current prices… then calculate the net multiple on premium using the observed
historical spot moves vs today’s cost of convexity”
answer :: “no problem, bg” … click here … we can get you added to the distro,
good luck
-bg
1/ pb (i) … net leverage for the fundamental long short community is down three weeks in a row, lowest
level since liberation day and approaching a 5 year nadir… as mentioned last week, the “lack of net”
should not be confused with “complacent” as gross exposure is high and investors are fully cognizant of
the known unknowns
2/ pb (ii) … the september summary was excellent … the one liner from the note that jives perfectly with
what’s going on at the index level “hedgefunds rotated into tmt stocks in September, while [basically]
every other sector was net sold” … if your other stocks refuse to work, the AI / tmt momentum train is
garnering additional passengers
3/ onedelta … ndx registered a new all time high this week (not a typo) … cash desk finished the week
relatively balanced … main highlight is renewed demand in semiconductors from the long only
community (MU (earnings) and NVDA (buyback) the two highlights) … notes turnover in general is quiet
for this part of the calendar
4/ futures … we recommended (and traded) iwm downside as the most convex hedge to a q4 FCI
environment (tail book flag) … the CTAs and futures market is already there in size, with r2k futures
deeply depressed … “gs estimates systematic exposure is in 7th percentile and leveraged funds are
carrying record short exposure”
5/ derivs (i) … the ficc etf option market has more than doubled in volume over the last three weeks … as
stock indices decouple from the macro, traders are using the liquid equivalent in ETF universe to express a
view (gs trading is both active and aggressive here)
6/ derivs (ii) … desk likes owning upside in ndx or qqq to get upside exposure in tech (aka, the only things
working) … desk was active in upside exposures, including some non vanilla expressions of knock-out

calls and qqq>iwm outperformance ... the mkt implied probability of QQQ +5% in a month is twice that of
spx (can't beat them, join them)
7/ baskets … we’ve continued to have discussions about both our consumer inertia basket (GSXUSWCH)
and single stock hedging suite (both should be on the radar) … outside of that the desk likes … 1/ upside
exposure on high-beta stocks sector/industry neutral (gspubeta) … and 2/ power up america is back
(gsx1pow1)
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns
source :: goldman sachs banking and markets / as of 4oct26 / past performance not indicative future
returns





Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 4 Oct 2026.
