[Page 1]
James Schneider, Ph.D. 
+1(212)357-2929 | 
jim.schneider@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Anmol Makkar 
+1(212)357-1366 | 
anmol.makkar@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Luya You 
+1(212)902-5297 | luya.you@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Khalil Fenina 
+1(212)357-6392 | 
khalil.fenina@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Marshall Wong 
+1(646)446-0222 | 
marshall.wong@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Americas Technology: Semiconductors: Communacopia + Technology 
Conference 2026 - Day 3 Takeaways
10 September 2026 | 8:04PM EDT
 
Companies from the US Semiconductor sector presented during Day 3 of the GS 
Communacopia + Technology Conference, including Nvidia, Lam Research, Seagate, 
Credo, Qnity, Skyworks, and EPAM. We highlight key takeaways on the top 
debates, along with company-specific takeaways for each sector below. 
Takeaways for US Semiconductors 
 
 
Key Takeaway #1 - AI Macro Trends and Digital Semis: Companies continued to 
strike a very bullish tone on the trajectory of AI infrastructure spending, with Nvidia’s 
Jensen Huang reiterating his outlook of AI infrastructure spending of $3 - $4tn in 
2030.  Both elements of the supply chain remain tight - including upstream 
(components) and downstream (land/power/datacenter capacity) supply, even as 
companies continue to add more capacity to cater to structurally higher levels of 
demand.  On the margin, our view is that downstream constraints could be more 
significant.  Consistent with Day 2’s takeaways, companies cited concrete ways in 
which they are implementing AI in their internal business processes to drive 
incremental revenue growth via new product development and faster innovation 
cycles in services. Companies also cited their use of internal AI tools to drive cost 
efficiencies. 
Nvidia: Nvidia reiterated its outlook of AI infrastructure spending of $3 - $4tn in 
n
2030, and noted that its co-design capabilities - software, system, and 
components - as a source of competitive differentiation.  Mr. Huang noted that 
upstream and downstream supply constraints remain significant.  Management 
noted that its financial guarantees are designed to help seed the ecosystem, but 
the ultimate returns generated and variety of investment partners involved are 
inconsistent with the notion of circular financing.  Finally, Mr. Huang is bullish on 
physical AI, with self-driving cars as an existing use case, and expects 
reasoning-based manipulation and 6G to be additional drivers of physical AI in 
the next few years.  
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors 
should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. Analysts employed by non-US affiliates are not registered/qualified as research 
analysts with FINRA in the U.S. 
Equity Research
 
 


[Page 2]
Credo: Credo struck a bullish tone on its growth trajectory beyond FY27, with 
n
multiple vectors of growth in its optics portfolio, even as its copper-based AEC 
solutions are expected to remain mainstream in the medium term.  Credo also noted 
that customer engagements across its optics products remain strong, and continue 
to broaden. Finally, Credo expects gross margins in FY27 to remain at similar levels to 
FY26, with OpEx growing 55% in FY27 before trending toward a more normalized 
revenue to OpEx ratio of 2:1. 
Lam Research: Lam emphasized its own use of AI to drive both productivity and 
n
growth, including training models on 30 years of proprietary data to enhance 
customer service, accelerate issue resolution, and improve employee efficiency. 
Key Takeaway #2 - Semiconductor Capital Equipment, Foundry, and Storage: 
Companies continued to focus on their exposure to datacenter buildouts as a multi-year 
structural growth driver.  Almost universally, companies are seeing significantly 
increased orders and backlog, driving visibility that was broadly described as historically 
unprecedented.  Although WFE companies stopped short of providing quantitative 
guidance for 2027, we believe commentary around 8-10 new fabs coming online in 2027 
is supportive of WFE acceleration.  AI inference is driving structurally higher levels of 
data usage for context windows, which is driving higher levels of mass storage demand.  
The trend toward multi-chip integrated packages used in AI infrastructure is also driving 
higher levels of growth in advanced packaging and PCB structures. 
Lam Research: Lam expects WFE growth in 2027 to be driven by DRAM, followed 
n
closely by leading edge foundry/logic and a resurgence in NAND.  The company 
noted increasing 3D architectures are driving additional demand for process 
technologies such as through-silicon vias (TSVs), and also creating further equipment 
content growth opportunities.  Lam Research highlighted that a richer mix of 
differentiated products, manufacturing and R&D capabilities closer to customers, 
and higher pricing are improving its value proposition, enabling stronger value 
capture over time, and take gross margins close to mid-50% range over the next 
several years. 
Qnity: Management highlighted outsized growth in advanced packaging and 
n
interconnect solutions as key growth drivers for the company in the near term. 
Broadly, the company sees advanced node transitions as a structural tailwind, 
although it added that trailing-edge nodes have begun to recover, benefiting its 
semiconductor segment. Qnity sees continuing revenue momentum, combined with 
steady margin expansion, as providing a further boost to near-term earnings power. 
Seagate: Seagate sees the current demand environment for storage tied to AI 
n
infrastructure, combined with limited supply growth, continuing to support pricing 
uplift with higher earnings through FY27. Management reiterated that HAMR 
volumes are well on track to cross over PMR by the end of calendar 2026, and added 
that it believes HAMR will represent 80%-90% of the company’s bit volumes in the 
next few years. Seagate also expects to continue its high-yield debt retirement 
plans, and to accelerate share repurchases - which it sees as the primary vehicle for 
returning excess capital to shareholders. 
Key Takeaway #3 - IT Services: Against a backdrop of muted client spending in certain 
10 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 3]
verticals, EPAM continues to see headwinds persisting throughout the remainder of the 
year.  Despite this weaker demand environment, the company expects to maintain solid 
gross margins given a combination of pricing tailwinds and a move toward fixed-price 
contracts. 
EPAM: Management discussed the weaker demand environment and certain 
n
idiosyncratic challenges which drove its recent downward guidance revision. 
However, the company continues to see traction for its AI-native service offerings, 
even if talent acquisition has proven to be challenging. EPAM believes that it could 
begin to see revenue improvement in the coming quarters, but noted that it expects 
operating margins to remain in the 15%-16% range for FY27. 
Key Takeaways from Qnity presentation 
 
 
Presenters: Jon Kemp, CEO 
Advanced node momentum continues, while trailing-edge is recovering: 
n
Management highlighted accelerating advanced node sales, which grew 20% in the 
prior quarter, and described the migration to 3 nm nodes as a tailwind for Qnity. 
Additionally, management was also constructive on mature logic, and together with 
advanced nodes, the company sees continued sequential growth through 2H and 
into 2027 for the Semiconductor Technologies segment. 
Interconnect Solutions: The interconnect segment remains a key growth driver for 
n
the company given continued strength in advanced packaging and AI PCBs, which 
represents ~30% of the segment. Management noted that ICS continues to 
outperform and expects that trend to continue over the next year. Qnity has guided 
for the segment to be up mid-single QoQ in 3Q26. 
Margins: Mix and input cost headwinds led some gross margin pressure relative to 
n
our expectations last quarter, but going forward, Qnity expects margins to move 
steadily higher with potential upside from ICS mix, despite continued input cost 
increases, and increased operating leverage. The company sees gross margins 
expanding toward the 50% range over the long term. 
Key Takeaways from Nvidia presentation 
 
 
 Presenters: Jensen Huang, Founder, President & CEO 
2030 TAM Outlook: Nvidia reiterated its view that AI represents a $3tn-$4tn TAM 
n
opportunity by 2030, driven by the shift from retrieval-based computing to 
generative computing, which requires a fundamentally new layer of compute 
infrastructure. Management also emphasized that the slowing of Moore’s Law 
increases the value of Nvidia’s tightly co-designed hardware and networking stack, 
including NVLink and scale-up / scale-out architectures, as customers seek higher 
performance and efficiency. Mr. Huang noted that Nvidia is capturing more wallet 
share in overall AI CapEx by providing more value to its customers. 
10 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 4]
Return on Investments: Mr. Huang highlighted coding as one of the most 
n
compelling GenAI applications today and sees cyber security as a major AI 
opportunity, with AI-powered coding and software development driving significant 
productivity gains while enabling more advanced security capabilities. 
Supply: Mr. Huang acknowledged broad-based upstream supply constraints across 
n
advanced packaging, wafers, memory. Mr. Huang also noted datacenter 
infrastructure such as power and site availability is also constrained, but emphasized 
Nvidia’s ecosystem scale and deep customer visibility as key advantages in navigating 
these downstream bottlenecks. Despite ongoing supply tightness, management 
reaffirmed its expectation for ~70% YoY growth in CY27. 
Financial guarantees: Mr. Huang discussed the financial guarantees and 
n
commitments as Nvidia is supporting the growing AI ecosystem to secure datacenter 
capacity. Mr. Huang noted that it helps seed the ecosystem, but the ultimate returns 
generated and variety of investment partners involved is inconsistent with the notion 
of circular financing. 
Physical AI: Mr. Huang struck a bullish tone on Physical AI, highlighting autonomous 
n
vehicles as a leading use case and pointing to emerging applications such as 
warehouse automation and navigation systems. He expects the next major inflection 
to come from reasoning-based manipulation systems, which he believes is roughly 
two years away, and also sees 6G-enabled systems as another Physical AI use case. 
Key Takeaways from Lam Research presentation 
 
 
Presenters: Doug Bettinger, EVP & CFO and Ram Ganesh, Head - Investor Relations 
Customer demand visibility: Lam Research noted that cleanroom availability 
n
remains a key capacity constraint, with additional capacity expected to come online 
through the end of 2027. Management highlighted strong customer engagement 
around 2027 demand and longer-term growth trajectories, using these discussions 
to refine its production plans and coordinate supply chain investments with key 
suppliers. 
WFE growth in 2027: Lam Research expects DRAM to be the largest driver of WFE 
n
growth in 2027, followed closely by leading-edge foundry/logic and NAND. While 
management did not quantify overall WFE growth, it noted that DRAM spending is 
closing the gap with leading-edge foundry/logic relative to 2026, reflecting 
strengthening leading edge foundry/logic investment trends. 
3D architectures driving strong demand for Lam: Lam Research highlighted 
n
Gate-All-Around (GAA) and backside power as major technology inflections, noting 
that each incremental 100k wafer starts can expand its SAM by roughly $1bn. 
Management also emphasized that advanced packaging and memory are becoming 
increasingly 3D in nature, driving additional demand for process technologies such 
as through-silicon vias (TSVs) and creating further equipment content growth 
opportunities. 
Return on Investment (ROI) for Lam and supply chain: Lam Research highlighted 
n
10 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 5]
strong, AI-driven demand across its customer base, with the semiconductor supply 
chain investing in lockstep to support a structurally higher level of compute demand. 
Management also emphasized its own use of AI to drive both productivity and 
growth, including training models on 30 years of proprietary data to enhance 
customer service, accelerate issue resolution, and improve employee efficiency. 
CSBG: Lam Research highlighted strong momentum in its Customer Support 
n
Business Group (CSBG), driven by high wafer-fab utilization rates, an inflection in 
NAND upgrade activity, and resilient mature-node investments. Management 
expects these factors to continue supporting healthy growth in the services 
business. 
Margins and pricing: Lam Research highlighted that a richer mix of differentiated 
n
products, manufacturing and R&D capabilities closer to customers, and higher 
pricing are improving its value proposition. Management expects these factors to 
support stronger value capture over time, and take gross margins close to mid-50% 
range over the next several years. 
China: Lam Research noted China CapEx is growing, but slower than other regions. 
n
While Lam noted there are areas where the company cannot sell due to export 
controls, Mr. Bettinger is confident in the company maintaining share where it can 
sell. 
Key Takeaways from Seagate presentation 
 
 
Presenters: Gianluca Romano, CFO 
Pricing trends: Solid ongoing demand trends and the higher value of storage remain 
n
supportive of strong pricing uplift, and management sees sustained momentum 
through FY27 following an ~11% YoY increase in price per exabyte last quarter. It 
sees applications such as autonomous vehicles and the attractive TCO of storage as 
supporting continued exabyte demand strength. 
HAMR volumes: HAMR volumes have been ramping throughout the quarter and 
n
remain well on track to cross over PMR on an exabyte basis by the end of CY26. 
Management also added that Mozaic 4 has been qualified with customers in the US 
and Asia, which have provided positive feedback. Seagate expects HAMR to 
represent 80%-90% of its volume in a few years, though it sees a role for PMR in its 
portfolio for lower capacity drives. 
Capital returns: Management remains focused on retiring more of the company’s 
n
high-yield debt, and plans to repurchase an additional high-yield note next quarter. 
It indicated that it will consider an increase to its dividend in the near term, but 
added that it plans to accelerate share repurchases which it sees as the primary 
vehicle for returning excess capital to shareholders. 
Supply additions: Seagate emphasized the need for the industry to remain 
n
disciplined on supply additions and reiterated that it views node transitions, rather 
than higher unit shipments, as sufficient for appropriate exabyte growth in the near 
term. The company also noted that it remains disciplined on CapEx, given the 
10 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 6]
possibility that datacenter customers may eventually face other bottlenecks, which 
could impact demand. 
Financial outlook: Management continues to expect sequential increases for both 
n
revenue and EPS throughout FY27, and we expect it to deliver at least 70% 
incremental gross margins during the period given the HAMR transition, cost 
benefits from its internal lasers, and pricing tailwinds. 
Key Takeaways from Credo presentation 
 
 
Presenters: Bill Brennan, President and CEO and Dan Fleming, CFO 
Copper vs Optical: Credo highlighted that although its innovation has helped extend 
n
the relevance of copper interconnects, the company’s investment focus over the 
past two years has increasingly shifted toward optics. Management expects copper 
to remain the preferred solution for short-reach links due to its reliability, while 
optical connectivity will gain share at longer distances, creating a significant growth 
opportunity for Credo across both microLED and laser-based architectures. 
Growth algorithm beyond FY27: Credo expects its growth beyond FY27 to be 
n
driven by the ramp of its optical portfolio, including PICs and ZF optical transceivers 
that address reliability challenges in AI networks. Management also highlighted 
continued AEC proliferation at existing customers, expanding deployments at 
neocloud customers, and initial contributions from Active LED Cables (ALCs), 
creating multiple growth vectors into FY28 and beyond. 
Customer engagements in optics: Credo highlighted growing customer 
n
engagement for its ZF Optical portfolio, which is designed to reduce network 
downtime caused by link flaps and improve reliability in AI clusters. Management 
also emphasized the potential of its upcoming ALC products, which leverage 
micro-emitter technology to extend reach from ~7m to ~30m with comparable 
reliability, while reducing cable volume by ~75% versus AECs. ALCs are expected to 
launch at OCP next month and enter customer qualification thereafter, followed by 
volume production in FY28. 
AEC business: Credo highlighted continued strength in AECs as a key medium-term 
n
growth driver, benefiting from the increasing densification of AI networks and the 
industry’s transition to higher lane speeds, both of which drive greater connectivity 
content and demand for its solutions. 
Competitive trends: Credo emphasized its differentiated system-level approach, 
n
taking ownership of the entire connectivity solution rather than supplying individual 
components. In optical transceivers, the company is focused on high-value, 
reliability-enhancing solutions rather than commodity IEEE-standard 1.6T products, 
allowing it to command higher ASPs. Management also highlighted its vertical 
integration strategy, including in-house DSPs and silicon photonics PICs, which 
strengthens product differentiation, improves reliability, and supports higher gross 
margins. 
Financials: Credo reiterated strong near-term growth, guiding to ~20% QoQ 
n
10 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 7]
revenue growth in FY3Q and ~30% QoQ growth in FY4Q. Management expects FY27 
gross margins to remain consistent with FY26, while OpEx is expected to grow ~55% 
YoY in FY27 before trending toward a more normalized revenue-to-OpEx ratio. 
Key Takeaways from EPAM presentation 
 
 
Presenters: Balazs Fejes, President & CEO, and Jason Peterson, CFO 
Strategic and Macro. EPAM expects weaker discretionary spending through the 
n
remainder of 2026 as clients remain cautious on their overall spending envelope - 
especially in traditional practice areas and certain verticals where demand is being 
impacted by oil prices and the conflict in the Middle East. Management also cited 
shortfalls in sales execution in the US as contributing to the recent downtick in the 
company’s guidance for 2026. 
Generative AI. EPAM continues to see traction for its AI-native service offerings, 
n
which drove over $160mn in sales in 2Q, and expects 2026 generative AI revenue of 
at least $600 mn. The company continues to see strength in areas such as AI-native 
software engineering, though it noted that many customers are approaching agentic 
automation with a goal of remaining within the same budget envelopes, which it sees 
as a challenging dynamic. 
Workforce and talent: Although the company noted that it is enjoying record-low 
n
attrition, it added that there is a very limited supply of AI-native talent in the 
marketplace. EPAM is focused on internal training and upskilling its existing 
engineering workforce to align with what it described as a fast evolving environment. 
Financials. EPAM continues to expect to deliver healthy gross margin trends in 2H 
n
driven by tailwinds from pricing and utilization despite the impact of near-term 
revenue headwinds. Management expects the company’s non-GAAP operating 
margin to remain within the 15%-16% range for FY27, and added that it still sees 
room for non-T&M profitability to improve. On capital allocation, the company said 
it would remain biased towards share repurchases over M&A going forward. 
Valuation/Risks 
 
 
Qnity (Buy): Our 12-month price target is $175, which is based on a 32X P/E multiple 
applied to our normalized EPS of $5.50. Key downside risks: (1) slowdown in wafer starts 
across any of the end-markets the company serves (i.e., DRAM, NAND, foundry/logic 
etc.); (2) incrementally punitive tariffs and export restrictions; (3) additional contingent 
liabilities stemming from PFAS litigation. 
Nvidia (Buy): Our 12-month price target is $300, which is based on a 30X P/E multiple 
applied to our normalized EPS estimate of $10.00. Key downside risks include: (1) 
slowdown in AI infrastructure spending, (2) share erosion due to increased competitive 
intensity, (3) margin erosion due to increased competition; (4) supply constraints. 
Lam Research (Buy): Our 12-month price target is $380, which is based on a 35X 
10 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 8]
multiple applied to our normalized EPS forecast of $10.75. Key downside risks: (1) pause 
in upgrade spending from the NAND suppliers; (2) incrementally punitive export 
restrictions released by the US government; (3) marked shift in the industry’s need for 
lithography (increase in intensity) vis-a-vis deposition/etch applications. 
Seagate (Buy): Our 12-month price target is $960, which is based on a 24X P/E multiple 
applied to our normalized EPS estimate of $40.00. Key downside risks: (1) difficulties 
qualifying HAMR at the major hyperscalers; (2) lack of supply-side prudence from 
Seagate or the broader industry. 
Credo (Buy): Our 12-month price target is $285, which is based on 27X NTM P/E 
applied to our Q5-Q8 EPS estimate of $10.75. Key downside risks: (1) faster than 
expected adoption of optical solutions at the expense of copper; (2) increased 
competition in AECs; (3) lumpiness in revenues due to customer concentration. 
EPAM (Neutral): Our 12-month price target is $100, which is based on 7X our one-year 
forward earnings estimates. Upside risks: (1) earlier-than-expected recovery in 
discretionary IT spending, (2) increased demand for AI-related projects, (3) 
stronger-than-expected deal conversion. Downside risks: (1) further demand slowdown, 
(2) dilutive M&A, (3) increased geopolitical tensions.
10 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 9]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, James Schneider, Ph.D., Anmol Makkar, Luya You, Khalil Fenina and Marshall Wong, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report 
accurately reflect our personal views about the subject company or companies and its or their securities. We also certify that no part of our 
compensation was, is or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed in this report. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: James Schneider, Ph.D. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Anmol Makkar Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Luya You Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, 
Khalil Fenina Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Marshall Wong Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
GS Factor Profile 
The Goldman Sachs Factor Profile provides investment context for a stock by comparing key attributes to the market (i.e. our universe of rated stocks) 
and its sector peers. The four key attributes depicted are: Growth, Financial Returns, Multiple (e.g. valuation) and Integrated (a composite of Growth, 
Financial Returns and Multiple). Growth, Financial Returns and Multiple are calculated by using normalized ranks for specific metrics for each stock. The 
normalized ranks for the metrics are then averaged and converted into percentiles for the relevant attribute. The precise calculation of each metric may 
vary depending on the fiscal year, industry and region, but the standard approach is as follows: 
Growth is based on a stock’s forward-looking sales growth, EBITDA growth and EPS growth (for financial stocks, only EPS and sales growth), with a 
higher percentile indicating a higher growth company. Financial Returns is based on a stock’s forward-looking ROE, ROCE and CROCI (for financial 
stocks, only ROE), with a higher percentile indicating a company with higher financial returns. Multiple is based on a stock’s forward-looking P/E, P/B, 
price/dividend (P/D), EV/EBITDA, EV/FCF and EV/Debt Adjusted Cash Flow (DACF) (for financial stocks, only P/E, P/B and P/D), with a higher percentile 
indicating a stock trading at a higher multiple. The Integrated percentile is calculated as the average of the Growth percentile, Financial Returns 
percentile and (100% - Multiple percentile). 
Financial Returns and Multiple use the Goldman Sachs analyst forecasts at the fiscal year-end at least three quarters in the future. Growth uses inputs 
for the fiscal year at least seven quarters in the future compared with the year at least three quarters in the future (on a per-share basis for all metrics). 
For a more detailed description of how we calculate the GS Factor Profile, please contact your GS representative.  
M&A Rank 
Across our global coverage, we examine stocks using an M&A framework, considering both qualitative factors and quantitative factors (which may vary 
across sectors and regions) to incorporate the potential that certain companies could be acquired. We then assign a M&A rank as a means of scoring 
companies under our rated coverage from 1 to 3, with 1 representing high (30%-50%) probability of the company becoming an acquisition target, 2 
representing medium (15%-30%) probability and 3 representing low (0%-15%) probability. For companies ranked 1 or 2, in line with our standard 
departmental guidelines we incorporate an M&A component into our target price. M&A rank of 3 is considered immaterial and therefore does not 
factor into our price target, and may or may not be discussed in research. 
Quantum 
Quantum is Goldman Sachs’ proprietary database providing access to detailed financial statement histories, forecasts and ratios. It can be used for 
in-depth analysis of a single company, or to make comparisons between companies in different sectors and markets.  
Disclosures 
Rating and pricing information 
Credo Technology Group (Buy, $160.31), EPAM Systems Inc. (Neutral, $114.52), Lam Research Corp. (Buy, $298.01), Nvidia Corp. (Buy, $218.36), Qnity 
(Buy, $123.32) and Seagate Technology (Buy, $862.33) 
The rating(s) for Credo Technology Group, EPAM Systems Inc., Lam Research Corp., Nvidia Corp., Qnity and Seagate Technology is/are relative to 
the other companies in its/their coverage universe: ARM Holdings, Accenture Plc, Advanced Micro Devices Inc., Amkor Technology Inc., Analog 
Devices Inc., Applied Materials Inc., Broadcom Inc., Cadence Design Systems Inc., Camtek, Cognizant Technology Solutions, Credo Technology Group, 
EPAM Systems Inc., Entegris Inc., GlobalFoundries Inc., Globant SA, Intel Corp., International Business Machines Corp., KLA Corp., Lam Research Corp., 
MKS Instruments Inc., Marvell Technology Inc., Microchip Technology Inc., Micron Technology Inc., NXP Semiconductors NV, Nvidia Corp., ON 
Semiconductor Corp., Onto Innovation, Qnity, Qualcomm Inc., SanDisk Corp., Seagate Technology, SiTime Corp., Synopsys Inc., TaskUs Inc., Teradyne 
Inc., Texas Instruments Inc., Western Digital Corp.  
Company-specific regulatory disclosures 
Compendium report: please see disclosures at  
. Disclosures applicable to the companies included in this 
compendium can be found in the latest relevant published research  
Distribution of ratings/investment banking relationships 
Goldman Sachs Investment Research global Equity coverage universe 
 
As of July 1, 2026, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research had investment ratings on 3,104 equity securities. Goldman Sachs assigns stocks as Buys 
and Sells on various regional Investment Lists; stocks not so assigned are deemed Neutral. Such assignments equate to Buy, Hold and Sell for the 
purposes of the above disclosure required by the FINRA Rules. See ‘Ratings, Coverage universe and related definitions’ below. The Investment Banking 
Relationships chart reflects the percentage of subject companies within each rating category for whom Goldman Sachs has provided investment 
banking services within the previous twelve months.     
Rating Distribution
Investment Banking Relationships
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Global
50%
34%
16%
65%
59%
43%
10 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 10]
Price target and rating history chart(s) 
Compendium report: please see disclosures at  
. Disclosures applicable to the companies included in this 
compendium can be found in the latest relevant published research  
Target price history table(s) 
 
 
 
Price targets shown in table(s) are unadjusted for corporate actions. 
Seagate Technology (STX)
Credo Technology Group (CRDO)
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
05-Jul-26
960.00
820.16
17-Aug-26
285.00
282.82
29-Apr-26
700.00
643.30
02-Jun-26
250.00
229.00
28-Jan-26
385.00
442.93
15-Apr-26
170.00
168.35
09-Jan-26
310.00
304.01
03-Mar-26
150.00
97.30
28-Oct-25
280.00
223.00
19-Feb-26
165.00
130.66
08-Oct-25
270.00
224.35
10-Jan-25
84.00
73.80
10-Jul-25
170.00
144.50
03-Dec-24
65.00
70.69
22-Jan-25
107.00
108.18
05-Sep-24
31.00
26.65
10-Jan-25
99.00
88.87
28-Feb-24
26.00
22.17
23-Oct-24
112.00
103.52
30-Nov-23
23.00
17.91
09-Oct-24
110.00
109.29
24-Jul-24
107.00
109.53
24-Apr-24
96.00
87.11
25-Jan-24
84.00
90.99
27-Oct-23
65.00
68.20
Nvidia Corp. (NVDA)
Qnity (Q)
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
27-Aug-26
300.00
227.98
04-Aug-26
175.00
141.67
21-May-26
285.00
219.51
12-May-26
165.00
168.36
20-Nov-25
250.00
180.64
26-Feb-26
130.00
124.78
31-Oct-25
240.00
202.49
27-Oct-25
110.00
95.30
06-Oct-25
210.00
185.54
07-Aug-25
200.00
180.77
10-Jul-25
185.00
164.10
21-Nov-24
165.00
146.67
11-Oct-24
150.00
134.80
11-Jun-24
135.00
120.91
23-May-24
1,200.00
103.80
07-May-24
1,100.00
90.55
19-Mar-24
1,000.00
89.40
22-Feb-24
875.00
78.54
05-Feb-24
800.00
69.33
22-Nov-23
625.00
48.72
EPAM Systems Inc. (EPAM)
Lam Research Corp. (LRCX)
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
Date of report
Target price ($)
Closing price ($)
06-Aug-26
100.00
93.07
05-Jul-26
380.00
351.41
08-May-26
110.00
99.23
23-Apr-26
290.00
258.56
10-Apr-26
215.00
122.47
29-Jan-26
262.00
248.17
19-Feb-26
235.00
139.16
09-Jan-26
180.00
218.36
12-Jan-26
250.00
211.82
08-Oct-25
160.00
142.54
07-Aug-25
235.00
157.74
10-Jul-25
115.00
101.06
08-May-25
250.00
179.71
30-Jan-25
90.00
80.73
06-Apr-25
240.00
144.67
10-Jan-25
85.00
74.65
20-Feb-25
280.00
225.07
24-Oct-24
96.00
76.57
06-Dec-24
295.00
245.45
02-Oct-24
1,025.00
81.41
07-Nov-24
235.00
232.92
01-Aug-24
1,050.00
83.03
30-Sep-24
215.00
199.03
25-Apr-24
960.00
90.15
08-Aug-24
205.00
191.16
25-Jan-24
912.00
86.56
24-Jun-24
200.00
183.09
19-Oct-23
700.00
60.20
10 September 2026
  10
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 11]
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
10 September 2026
  11
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 12]
Ratings, coverage universe and related definitions 
Buy (B), Neutral (N), Sell (S) Analysts recommend stocks as Buys or Sells for inclusion on various regional Investment Lists. Being assigned a Buy or Sell 
on an Investment List is determined by a stock’s total return potential relative to its coverage universe. Any stock not assigned as a Buy or a Sell on an 
Investment List with an active rating (i.e., a  stock that is not Rating Suspended, Not Rated, Early-Stage Biotech, Coverage Suspended or Not Covered), is 
deemed Neutral. Each region manages Regional Conviction Lists, which are selected from Buy rated stocks on the respective region’s Investment Lists 
and represent investment recommendations focused on the size of the total return potential and/or the likelihood of the realization of the return across 
their respective areas of coverage.  The addition or removal of stocks from such Conviction Lists are managed by the Investment Review Committee or 
other designated committee in each respective region and do not represent a change in the analysts’ investment rating for such stocks.    
Total return potential represents the upside or downside differential between the current share price and the price target, including all paid or 
anticipated dividends, expected during the time horizon associated with the price target. Price targets are required for all covered stocks. The total 
return potential, price target and associated time horizon are stated in each report adding or reiterating an Investment List membership.  
Coverage Universe: A list of all stocks in each coverage universe is available by primary analyst, stock and coverage universe at 
 
.    
Not Rated (NR). The investment rating, target price and earnings estimates (where relevant) are removed pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when 
Goldman Sachs is acting in an advisory capacity in a merger or in a strategic transaction involving this company, when there are legal, regulatory or 
policy constraints due to Goldman Sachs’ involvement in a transaction, and in certain other circumstances. Early-Stage Biotech (ES). An investment 
rating and a target price are not assigned pursuant to Goldman Sachs policy when this company has neither a drug, treatment or medical device that 
has passed a Phase II clinical trial nor a license to distribute a post-Phase II drug, treatment or medical device.  Rating Suspended (RS). Goldman Sachs 
Research has suspended the investment rating and price target for this stock, because there is not a sufficient fundamental basis for determining an 
investment rating or target price. The previous investment rating and target price, if any, are no longer in effect for this stock and should not be relied 
upon.  Coverage Suspended (CS). Goldman Sachs has suspended coverage of this company.  Not Covered (NC). Goldman Sachs does not cover this 
company.  
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
The analysts named in this report may have from time to time discussed with our clients, including Goldman Sachs salespersons and traders, or may 
discuss in this report, trading strategies that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-term impact on the market price of the equity securities 
discussed in this report, which impact may be directionally counter to the analyst’s published price target expectations for such stocks. Any such 
trading strategies are distinct from and do not affect the analyst’s fundamental equity rating for such stocks, which rating reflects a stock’s return 
potential relative to its coverage universe as described herein. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
10 September 2026
  12
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 


[Page 13]
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
10 September 2026
  13
Goldman Sachs
Americas Technology: Semiconductors
 
 
