[Page 1]
GS Jenkins - A Pivotal CPI 11 Sep 2026
Stuart Jenkins  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FX Research
Fri 11 Sep 2026, 6:17am ET
Today's pivotal August CPI report comes as the last major piece of inflation data ahead of next week's
September FOMC currently priced at ~70% implied odds of a hike. Our economists forecast a 23bps core
print, close to consensus expectations, which they argue would be sufficiently benign to allow the Fed to
remain on hold next Wednesday. Outside of a notably soft June reading, core CPI has generally come in
close to Bloomberg expectations in recent months, and has only driven relatively limited initial reactions
in markets (first chart below). Strikingly, the CPI data have continued to drive significantly smaller
average Dollar reactions so far this year than employment reports have, despite a range of Fed speakers
having made it abundantly clear that the employment data is of secondary importance to the inflation data
in informing their current policy views. We think the higher volatility in the payrolls data itself mostly
explains this result, and we think the relative importance of the two sets of data to Fed voters is generally
well understood. At the same time, there is enough ambiguity in the FOMC's reaction function to keep
uncertainty elevated into next week under a range of CPI scenarios. We think a print close to expectations
should dampen the FX vol response to today's data and transfer that risk to next week's reaction function
reveal. On some of the practical considerations around the data, we note that this month of inflation data is
one of the uncommon instances in having the PPI data released ahead of the CPI data, and in being due for
a set of three methodological changes on the measurement of PCE inflation by the BEA alongside the
August PCE report on September 30. The PCE-relevant components of yesterday's PPI print led our
economists to revise their August core PCE tracking estimate 2bps higher to 24bps. Meanwhile, we do not
generally view overall core PPI inflation data as providing a reliable signal for the core CPI data.


[Page 2]
Charts of the Day: Outside of a notably soft June reading, core CPI has generally come in close to
Bloomberg expectations in recent months, and only driven relatively limited initial reactions in markets.
Cumulative surprises to the Bloomberg consensus on core CPI prints have trended lower over the past two
years.


[Page 3]
Source: Goldman Sachs FX Research. Authors: Stuart Jenkins, Lexi Kanter, Teresa Alves, Karen Reichgott Fishman, Michael Cahill. As
of 11 September 2026.
