[Page 1]
GS Tiwana - Renewables Recharge 11 Sep 2026
Natasha Tiwana  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President · FICC & Equities
Fri 11 Sep 2026, 6:09am ET
The market has de-rated European Renewables (GSXERNEW) on interest rate anxiety, but it is not giving
sufficient credit to the earnings uplift from higher power prices, Europe’s datacentre rollout and potential
regulatory clarity on the US AI and energy agenda post midterms. With the rates headwind increasingly
priced into multiples, we like buying any Renewables pullback given a structural earnings-upcycle and a
defensive sector tilt to buffer a broader growth shock. Four key points:
Rates pain increasingly priced. The German 10y yield is +85bp from YTD lows on Iran escalation and
energy inflation risks. Yesterday’s ECB hike was expected, but hawkish commentary on the inflation
outlook drove incremental equity pain, and now the market is focused on today’s pivotal US CPI. As
equities have had to digest higher rates, long-duration pockets have suffered most. EU Renewables
(GSXERNEW) have underperformed the market by 10pp since early May and PE multiples have
compressed ~15%. Our Utilities analysts estimate a 15% multiple de-rating equating to a +105bp move in
yields, which more than reflects the +85bp move to date.
But what about power price upside? While part of the long duration de-rating makes sense, rates do not
just go up in a vacuum. The current driver of inflation and central bank tightening is higher energy prices.
And higher energy prices also boost Renewables EPS. On average, per GIR estimates, a 10% increase in
power prices boosts 2028E EPS for power generation stocks by ~4%. In that context, the forward
valuation de-rating is likely larger than current consensus multiples imply. In addition, the market still
underappreciates the sector’s pricing power and that new renewable PPAs will reflect higher borrowing
costs (as already manifesting in the US).
Structural growth as a free option. The EU Datacentre Association expects +20 GW DC additions by 2031,
nearly tripling the existing capacity to 35GW. 60% of the expected additions are already under
construction or have received FIDs. As Europe’s AI datacentre rollout unfolds, power generation and grid
infra will be pivotal to securing energy supply for these facilities. But Renewables’ valuations imply this
structural growth is essentially ‘free optionality’. This week’s Fortum-Google agreement (and Fortum’s
share price move) reinforce our analysts’ view that Renewables are not pricing in any value for datacentre
deals.
US midterms could bring regulatory clarity. Our US colleagues argue for midterms to bring an improved
backdrop for the US ‘AI Power’ theme. The Democratic AI and energy agenda focuses heavily on
‘ratepayer protection’, specifically calling for a shift of massive AI power infra costs away from
households and onto datacentres. And so, to the extent policymakers converge around datacentre cost
bearing, utility stocks could benefit from regulatory clarity. In the US, our team likes buying the dip in
broad AI Power (GSX1POW1) and specific Renewable (GSXURNEW) and Solar (GSXUSOLR)


[Page 2]
exposure. In Europe, we see the most relevant read-across for EU Renewables (GSXERNEW) that have
significant exposure to the US.
For investors looking to hedge out incrementally hawkish rates pricing, we recommend shorts on EU
REITs (GSCBREEU), given sharp negative correlation to yields and a lack of similar structural earnings
upside.
European Renewables have de-rated ~15% over the last quarter amid rising yields
Forward EPS revisions have been 2x stronger than the broader market and outperformed other expressions
of power demand upside


[Page 3]
EPS revisions breadth has picked up sharply YTD
Based on our analysts’ estimates, a 50bp increase in the risk-free rate should equate to a ~7% de-rating of
Utilities’ multiples


[Page 4]
The team outline why they believe higher rates hurt perception more than fundamentals
The European Datacentre Association estimates 35GW datacentre capacity by 2031; a bull-case outlook
could see this more than double to 79GW by 2035E.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Bloomberg, as of 10 September 2026.
