[Page 1]
 
Economic Alert 
Global Research
8 September 2026
 
 
 
If you are in scope for MiFID II and want to opt out of our Research services, please contact us. 
 
Issuer of Report: Standard Chartered Bank NY Branch 
Important disclosures and analyst certifications can be found in the Disclosures Appendix 
All rights reserved. Standard Chartered Bank 2026 
https://research.sc.com
 
PUBLIC 
FOMC – How much better will a Warsh Fed be? 
 
• A Warsh Fed is unlikely to produce much better outcomes than a Yellen or Powell Fed 
• Warsh’s agenda might provide marginal improvements, at best 
• Private-sector data and price discovery – which Warsh prefers – may not be as reliable as he expects 
• There is a case for fixing forward guidance rather than dismissing it 
• It may be difficult to fast-track credibility 
 
What we talk about when we talk about credibility 
Let’s say Fed Chair Warsh accomplishes all that he is setting out to do in terms of 
changing the monetary policy framework. Assume that his policy views are correct, 
and he implements them efficiently. How much better will economic outcomes be? 
Probably not very much, in our view. By historical standards, inflation and 
unemployment are not significantly off target. The policy framework changes he has 
identified may give somewhat improved outcomes but are unlikely to lead to first-order
improvements. Some of the propositions he is advancing lack empirical backing, so 
they may not deliver the improved outcomes he expects.  
A recurrent theme in Warsh’s approach is the use of private-sector data (inflation, 
activity indicators) and price discovery as substitutes for official data, Fed forecasts 
and Fed policy analysis. There are plenty of issues with official data and analysis, but
there is no research we know of that establishes the superiority of private-sector data.
Yellen, Bernanke and Powell all practised forward guidance, and it produced 
favourable results in the late 2010s; so the presumption that it always leads to worse 
outcomes is not accurate. Moreover, forward guidance that adapts to changing 
circumstances may produce better outcomes than a stance of ‘stick to your guidance 
no matter what’ or ‘never give guidance’. 
The market implications of Warsh’s new approach are uncertain. There is a risk that 
one flawed framework is replaced by another, adding rather than reducing volatility.  
Figure 1. Loss functions show limited large misses from Fed objectives recently 
Index 
Note: A lower score represents better Fed performance. Source: Macrobond, Standard Chartered Research 
Steve Englander  
+1 212 667 0564 
Steve.Englander@sc.com 
Head, Global G10 FX Research and North 
America Macro Strategy 
Standard Chartered Bank NY Branch 
  
   
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 
-1
0
1
2
3
4
5
Jan-97
Jan-01
Jan-05
Jan-09
Jan-13
Jan-17
Jan-21
Jan-25
Fed loss 1 (RHS)
Fed loss 2 (LHS)
Fed loss 3 (LHS)
Fed loss 4 (LHS)
 


[Page 2]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
2 
PUBLIC 
How bad was the Fed under Bernanke/Yellen/Powell? 
Standard formulas that quantify the success of the Fed’s monetary policy in terms of 
its dual mandate show the Fed missing its target in recent years, but not significantly 
(Figure 1), and certainly not to the extent of the misses in the 1970s and 1980s. We 
consider four Fed loss functions that combine the losses from missing Fed employment 
and inflation targets into a single number. The idea is that the loss from missing targets 
is approximately the sum of deviations or squared deviations from objectives.  
There are many potential loss functions, but these are meant to be typical loss functions. 
We assume the equilibrium unemployment rate (UR) at 4.3% and target inflation rate at 
2% for core PCE. We use core because it is hard to argue that the Fed controls energy 
prices, which account for most of the deviation from the headline inflation target. The 
assumption of a constant 4.3% UR target could not be justified until the late 1990s when 
the UR began to fall dramatically without an inflation pick-up. The loss functions can be 
compared against their own history but not against each other. 
Our first loss function penalises a 1ppt upward move in the unemployment rate the 
same as a 1ppt deviation of inflation from target. The second loss function is the same 
as the first, but gives inflation twice the weight of unemployment, so is a truly hawkish 
loss function. These two have episodes where they are below zero because the UR 
was below 4.3% while inflation was close to target for a period in the late 2010s. These 
extremely strong performances come in the mid to late 2010s when there was plenty 
of forward guidance. The run-up in recent years is as much the pick-up in the UR from 
the low 3s to the low 4s. If we just considered deviations, then the loss function would 
hit zero if both the inflation and UR targets were reached. 
The third loss function penalises the square of the deviation from a UR of 4.3% and 
core inflation target of 2%. The fourth is the same as the third but again with inflation 
deviations given twice the weight of UR deviations. All the loss functions follow similar 
patterns. The ones that weight inflation more show a worse performance after 2022 
relative to 2008-09 but are lower in the golden age of forward guidance from 2015-19.  
Given none of these loss functions is far from their lows of recent years, our takeaway 
on Warsh’s approach is that it may not produce significantly better outcomes.  
Judging Fed performance is not straightforward 
Our loss functions are not sufficient to judge Fed performance. Consider the 
performance shortfalls during COVID and the 2008 crisis. Better performance may lie 
in (1) avoiding large shocks if that is feasible and (2) returning to low values quickly. If 
shocks are exogenous, a legitimate way of assessing central bank performance would 
be how quickly the Fed can return the economy to target after the shock. If Fed policy 
is part of the shock, then it is partially responsible for the shock, not just the response. 
But not all inflation or disinflation shocks belong on the Fed’s ledger. Such nuanced 
measures are far harder to calculate than our loss functions or standard misery 
indexes, but they come closer to gauging monetary policy success or failure. 
Unless there is a better loss function out there, the message is to avoid big mistakes. 
There was probably not much the Fed could do to avoid the COVID shock in 2020. Its 
policy response was quick in terms of cutting rates, adding liquidity and acting to 
prevent the shock from spiralling into a panic. Almost all the loss embedded in the 
spike is from the UR increase rather than inflation, and this showed in the sharp loss 
function moves when the UR dropped on recovery. We think it would be unrealistic to 
Standard formulas do not show a 
big Fed miss on targets 
Our loss functions penalise missing 
inflation and unemployment rate 
targets 
Inflation shocks may or may not be 
the Fed’s fault 
There is no textbook of perfect 
performance against which to judge 
the Fed 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
3 
PUBLIC 
expect the Fed under Warsh, Powell or any other chair to hit perfection by getting back 
to target immediately. The question is whether the Fed did well given the shocks, and 
whether a Warsh Fed is likely to do much better. 
Insofar as it erred post-COVID, the error probably lies in not pushing harder against 
the inflationary shock from the 2021 fiscal stimulus when the economy faced severe 
supply constraints. The rapid tightening from early 2022 into 2023 likely repaired some 
of the damage, but an earlier, more gradual and more prolonged tightening may have 
been preferable to calibrate the tightening needed to return inflation fully to target. The 
fiscal stimulus occurred during a supply shock, so some inflation was likely inevitable. 
The benchmark is what the ‘right’ policy could have done, how well the Powell Fed did 
and how well the Warsh Fed hypothetically would have done. Assigning the Warsh 
Fed a perfect score versus the real-world performance of the Powell Fed is not a fair 
comparison, in our view. 
There is legitimate debate on whether FOMC before the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) 
– Warsh was a board member from 2006 onwards – could have averted the crisis by 
tightening faster in the run-up. For example, by using its stature to convince Congress 
to prevent the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy or easing more aggressively once the 
shock hit. Some of this shock is on the Fed’s account even if Congress, other 
regulators and market participants also own a share of the outcome.  
What loss function makes the current episode look bad? 
It is difficult to find a standard loss function that makes the current episode look very 
poor by historical standards. The problem is that the current deviation from target is 
not that large. We tried an alternative in which the losses from inflation deviations had 
a diminishing impact on the loss function, initially retaining the UR in the loss function 
and then dropping it. 
We chose a loss function where inflation losses increase with the square root of the 
deviation of core inflation from 2. Going from 2% to 4% core PCE causes a loss of 2, 
and going from 4% to 6% causes a loss of 1.414 in terms of this loss function (Figure 2), 
reflecting a diminishing marginal impact. However, it is still true that if the UR is a factor 
in calculating deviations from Fed objectives, it is hard to show a significant 
deterioration in outcomes. In the past UR misses were much bigger. The recent 
inflation run-up stands out only if we drop or greatly reduce the UR effect and 
Figure 2: An alternative worsens losses from inflation 
Index 
Figure 3: FOMC not wedded to projections since 2021 
%, projections for post December fed funds 
Source: Macrobond, Standard Chartered Research 
Note Vertical axis shows expected and actual outcomes for December FOMC in indicated 
years. Source: Bloomberg, Federal Reserve, Standard Chartered Research 
Inflation root, 
UR
Inflation root 
only
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.6
0.8
1.0
1.2
1.4
1.6
1.8
2.0
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Jul-94
Jul-09
Jul-24
0
2
4
6
8
Dec-21
Dec-22
Dec-23
Dec-24
Dec-25
Market projected Friday prior to June meeting
Market Projected Friday after June meeting
Fed projected June
Actual
The Fed initially responded slowly, 
then rapidly to the 2021-22 inflation 
surge 
To make current inflation stand out 
as a miss, the UR weight must be 
exceptionally low 
 


[Page 4]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
4 
PUBLIC 
essentially base performance assessment solely on inflation. If we set aside 2022 
because of the fiscal component and ignore the tariff contribution to 2025-26, the 
inflation run-up stands out. But essentially we would have to be comfortable with a loss 
function that ignores the UR despite the Fed’s twin mandates of inflation and 
employment. 
How much do the projections lock in the Fed? 
One argument for eliminating forward guidance and projections is that they lock the 
FOMC into subpar performance because FOMC members are heavily guided by their 
projections. This appears to have been the case in 2021. The Fed stuck to its forward 
guidance and delayed ending QE and hiking rates. However, in most years since 2022, 
the June median projection of year-end policy rates has not been the rate realised in 
each of the last four years, with misses averaging more than 50bps in absolute terms 
over 2022-25 (Figure 3). It seems fair to say that since the 2021-22 episode of sharply 
rising inflation the FOMC has not been wedded to its near-term projections. 
The Fed moved far off its June projections in each of the last four years, so if it was 
wedded to forward guidance in 2021, policy seems to have become more reactive 
since. But given this forecasting performance, Warsh may be on stronger ground 
arguing that the forecast performance is not very good, even if is not clear whether 
FOMC projections were worse than those of the private sector. It is not clear whether 
private-sector misses in the fed funds futures market are because they follow the Fed 
or because the private sector makes the same mistake the Fed does.  
The problem with forward guidance may not be the guidance but the adherence to it 
when circumstances have changed. It is not clear if the answer is no forward guidance 
rather than modifiable forward guidance. Additionally, we are unaware of studies that 
suggest that no guidance produces better outcomes.  
Why would ending forward guidance improve price discovery? 
There are two elements here. Does the Fed have an advantage because of its 
resources in forecasting economic and policy outcomes? If that is the case, the market 
probably should assign some weight to Fed views even if these views are not aligned 
with what private-sector analysis would produce. While it does not seem that the Fed 
has great success with its policy rate forecasts even six months ahead, it is not clear 
that private-sector forecasts are any better. 
What puzzles us is Warsh’s confidence that added private-sector price discovery 
activity will provide a meaningfully better outcome in terms of asset pricing. It may be 
true, but we are not aware of any research that establishes that it is both true and 
meaningful in terms of substantially better market pricing. We have trouble even 
imagining how such a test would be designed. We do not know that the Fed forecasts 
are much worse – if at all – than the market’s, nor do we know that shifting to market 
expectations would produce a much better outcome. 
Credibility as a policy tool 
Central banks frequently refer to credibility in different ways: (1) the expectation that 
inflation targets will be hit with minimal cost if the central bank possesses credibility; 
(2) the market belief that the central bank will do what it takes, including raising the 
UR, to get to the inflation target; and (3) counting it as a credibility ‘win’ if long rates go 
up but short rates stay stable. The second reference shows a willingness to pay a UR 
price to get inflation down which will be reflected in asset prices and activity. The third 
The FOMC seemed wedded to 
forward guidance in 2021 but not 
subsequently 
Forward guidance may retain 
usefulness if it is modified as 
conditions change 
The superiority of private-sector 
price discovery is not established 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
5 
PUBLIC 
puzzles us as tightening via the long end with concomitant effects on housing and non-
residential investment seems no less costly than tightening at the short end. We think 
a clearer credibility win is if long rates are stable or even decline when short rates move 
up rather than long rates rising when short rates are stable. 
Our read is that getting inflation down is costly in most cases. Even iconic inflation 
hawks like Paul Volcker had to tolerate a double-digit UR for an extended period. Our 
issue is not the hope that getting inflation down will be done with minimal UR pain, but 
with conveying the impression that this outcome can be counted on. In our view, central 
bankers who convey a view that inflation can be reduced without policy action often 
lose rather than gain credibility. There are episodes of costless disinflation but the 
global debates on the need for central bank tightening in response to shocks suggest 
that these are the exception rather than the rule. 
  
 
   
 
 


[Page 6]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
6 
PUBLIC 
Disclosures appendix 
 
Analyst Certification Disclosure: The research analyst or analysts responsible for the content of this research report certify that: 
(1) the views expressed and attributed to the research analyst or analysts in the research report accurately reflect their personal 
opinion(s) about the subject securities and issuers and/or other subject matter as appropriate; and, (2) no part of his or her 
compensation was, is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this research 
report. On a general basis, the efficacy of recommendations is a factor in the performance appraisals of analysts. 
 
Non-US analysts:  The non-US analysts named in this report may not be subject to all the FINRA requirements applicable to US-
based analysts.   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
*See  
 
recommendations.  
 
^As of 9 November 2024, Defensive outlook replaces Negative outlook. 
 
Standard Chartered Research offers trade ideas with outright Buy or Sell recommendations on bonds as well as pair trade 
recommendations among bonds and/or CDS. In Trading Recommendations/Ideas/Notes, the time horizon is dependent on 
prevailing market conditions and may or may not include price targets. 
 
 
 
IB% - Percentage of investment banking clients in each rating category 
 
For full Standard Chartered Research recommendations history for the past 12 months, please see 
 
. For conflict disclosures, see  
.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Global Disclaimer: Standard Chartered Bank and/or its affiliates (“SCB”) makes no representation or warranty of any kind, 
express, implied or statutory regarding this document or any information contained or referred to in the document (including 
market data or statistical information). The information in this document, current at the date of publication, is provided for 
information and discussion purposes only. It does not constitute a personal offer, recommendation or solicitation to any specific 
client to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, nor does it constitute any prediction 
of likely future movements in rates or prices, or represent that any such future movements will not exceed those shown in any 
illustration. The stated price of the securities mentioned herein, if any, is as of the date indicated and is not any representation 
that any transaction can be effected at this price. SCB does not represent or warrant that this information is accurate or 
complete. While this research is based on current public information that we have obtained from publicly available sources, 
believed to be reliable, we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and no responsibility or liability is accepted for errors of 
fact or for any opinion expressed herein. This document does not purport to contain all the information an investor may require 
and the contents of this document may not be suitable for all investors as it has not been prepared with regard to the specific 
investment objectives or financial situation of any particular person. Any investments discussed may not be suitable for all 
investors. Users of this document should seek professional advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities, 
financial instruments or investment strategies referred to in this document and should understand that statements regarding 
future prospects may not be realised. Opinions, forecasts, assumptions, estimates, derived valuations, projections and price 
target(s), if any, contained in this document are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time without prior 
notice. Our research process may incorporate advanced artificial intelligence (AI) tools - including, but not limited to, generative 
AI and machine learning models – to assist in data analysis, forecasting, and the generation of research insights. These AI 
tools may be employed as an adjunct to our research team’s expert analysis. Such outputs are subject to human review and 
interpretation. While these tools are designed to enhance analytical efficiency and broaden the scope of our research, final 
 


[Page 7]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
7 
PUBLIC 
research recommendations are based on a combined methodology that integrates both AI-generated insights and rigorous 
human oversight. There is no guarantee that the AI-generated components are free from error or will always capture the 
nuances of complex market data. Clients are advised that the use of AI tools is intended to supplement but not replace 
professional judgement. Accordingly, SCB shall not be held liable for any discrepancies or inaccuracies arising solely from the 
AI-generated portions of our analysis. In the event that clients utilize SCB research data for any further AI processing, SCB 
shall not be held liable or responsible for any subsequent outputs, results, or consequences arising from such use. Clients 
assume full responsibility for the integrity, accuracy and application of the AI-processed data. 
 
Our recommendations are under constant review. The value and income of any of the securities or financial instruments 
mentioned in this document can fall as well as rise and an investor may get back less than invested. Future returns are not 
guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may be incurred. Foreign-currency denominated securities and financial instruments 
are subject to fluctuation in exchange rates that could have a positive or adverse effect on the value, price or income of such 
securities and financial instruments. Digital Assets are extremely speculative, volatile and are largely unregulated. Past 
performance is not indicative of comparable future results and no representation or warranty is made regarding future 
performance. While we endeavour to update on a reasonable basis the information and opinions contained herein, we are 
under no obligation to do so and there may be regulatory, compliance or other reasons that prevent us from doing so. 
Accordingly, information may be available to us which is not reflected in this document, and we may have acted upon or used 
the information prior to or immediately following its publication. SCB is acting on a principal-to-principal basis and not acting 
as your advisor, agent or in any fiduciary capacity to you. SCB is not a legal, regulatory, business, investment, financial and 
accounting and/or tax adviser, and is not purporting to provide any such advice. Independent legal, regulatory, business, 
investment, financial and accounting and/or tax advice should be sought for any such queries in respect of any investment.  
 
SCB and/or its affiliates may have a position in any of the securities, instruments or currencies mentioned in this document. 
SCB and/or its affiliates or its respective officers, directors, employee benefit programmes or employees, including persons 
involved in the preparation or issuance of this document may at any time, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, be long or short any securities or financial instruments referred to in this document and on the SCB Research 
website or have a material interest in any such securities or related investments, or provide, or have provided advice, 
investment banking or other services, to issuers of such investments and may have received compensation for these services. 
In relation to subject companies/issuers covered in reports published by the SCB Credit Research team, SCB acts as market 
maker or liquidity provider. SCB has in place policies and procedures and physical information walls between its Research 
Department and differing public and private business functions to help ensure confidential information, including ‘inside’ 
information is not disclosed unless in line with its policies and procedures and the rules of its regulators. Data, opinions and 
other information appearing herein may have been obtained from public sources. 
 
The discussion of or references to digital assets in this document does not indicate or constitute a commitment by SCB to offer 
products or services related to digital assets, including but not limited to trading any specific digital asset, custody services, 
settlement, or advisory services. The availability of any digital asset-related product or service may vary by jurisdiction and is 
subject to internal approvals and applicable regulatory requirements. No assurance is given that SCB currently offers, or will 
offer in the future, any such products or services. 
 
SCB expressly disclaims responsibility and makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such 
information obtained from public sources. SCB also makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy nor accepts any 
responsibility for any information or data contained in any third party’s website. You are advised to make your own independent 
judgment (with the advice of your professional advisers as necessary) with respect to any matter contained herein and not rely 
on this document as the basis for making any trading, hedging or investment decision. 
 
SCB accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly (including special, incidental, 
consequential, punitive or exemplary damages) from the use of this document, howsoever arising, and including any loss, 
damage or expense arising from, but not limited to, any defect, error, imperfection, fault, mistake or inaccuracy with this 
document, its contents or associated services, or due to any unavailability of the document or any part thereof or any contents 
or associated services. This document is for the use of intended recipients only. In any jurisdiction in which distribution to 
private/retail customers would require registration or licensing of the distributor which the distributor does not currently have, 
this document is intended solely for distribution to professional and institutional investors. This communication is subject to the 
terms and conditions of the SCB Research Disclosure Website available at https://research.sc.com/Portal/Public/
TermsConditions. The disclaimers set out at the above web link applies to this communication and you are advised to read 
such terms and conditions / disclaimers before continuing. Additional information, including conflicts of interest 
(https://www.sc.com/en/regulatory-disclosures/market-abuse-regulation/), analyst certification and full research disclosures 
with respect to any securities referred to herein, will be available upon request by directing such enquiries to 
ResearchClientServices@sc.com or clicking on the relevant SCB research report web link(s) referenced herein. MiFID II 
research and inducement rules apply. You are advised to determine the applicability and adherence to such rules as it relates 
to yourself. 
 


[Page 8]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
8 
PUBLIC 
Market-Specific Disclosures – This document is not for distribution to any person or to any jurisdiction in which its distribution 
would be prohibited. If you are receiving this document in any of the market listed below, please note the following:  
Australia: The Australian Financial Services Licence for Standard Chartered Bank is Licence No: 246833 with the following 
Australian Registered Body Number (ARBN: 097571778). Australian investors should note that this communication was 
prepared for “wholesale clients” only and is not directed at persons who are “retail clients” as those terms are defined in 
sections 761G and 761GA of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). Bangladesh: This research has not been produced in 
Bangladesh. The report has been prepared by the research analyst(s) in an autonomous and independent way, including in 
relation to SCB. THE SECURITIES MENTIONED IN THIS REPORT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED IN 
BANGLADESH AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BANGLADESH WITHOUT PRIOR APPROVAL OF THE 
REGULATORY AUTHORITIES IN BANGLADESH. Any subsequent action(s) of the Recipient of these research reports in this 
area should be subject to compliance with all relevant law & regulations of Bangladesh; especially the prevailing foreign 
exchange control regulations. Botswana: This document is being distributed in Botswana by, and is attributable to, Standard 
Chartered Bank Botswana Limited, which is a financial institution licensed by Bank of Botswana under Section 6 of the Banking 
Act CAP 46.04 and is listed on the Botswana Stock Exchange. Brazil: SCB disclosures pursuant to the Securities Exchange 
Commission of Brazil (“CVM”) Instruction 598/18: This research has not been produced in Brazil. The report has been prepared 
by the research analyst(s) in an autonomous and independent way, including in relation to SCB. THE SECURITIES 
MENTIONED IN THIS REPORT HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF BRAZIL AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN BRAZIL 
EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS AND IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES LAWS OF BRAZIL. China: This document is being distributed in China by, and is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (China) Limited and Standard Chartered Securities China Limited (SCSCL) which are 
mainly regulated by National Financial Regulatory Administration (NFRA), State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE), 
People’s Bank of China (PBoC) and/or China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC). European Economic Area: In 
Germany, Standard Chartered Bank AG, a subsidiary of Standard Chartered Bank, or branches of SCB AG, is authorised by 
the European Central Bank and supervised by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht-“BaFin”) , European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) and the German Federal Bank 
(Deutsche Bundesbank). This communication is directed at persons Standard Chartered Bank AG can categorise as Eligible 
Counterparties or Professional Clients (such persons constituting the target market of this communication following Standard 
Chartered Bank AG’s target market assessment) as defined by the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (Directive 
2014/65/EU) (“MiFID II”) and the German Securities Trading Act (“WpHG”).  No other person should rely upon it. In particular, 
this is not directed at Retail Clients (as defined by MiFID II and WpHG) in the European Economic Area. Nothing in this 
communication constitutes a personal recommendation or investment advice as defined by MiFID II and WpHG. Hong Kong: 
This document is being distributed in Hong Kong by, and any part hereof authored by an analyst licensed in Hong Kong is 
attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited 渣打銀行（香港）有限公司 which is regulated by the Hong Kong 
Monetary Authority. India: This document is being distributed in India by Standard Chartered Bank, India Branch (“SCB India”). 
SCB India is registered as a Research Analyst (Reg No. INH000002814) having registered office at Crescenzo, 3A floor, Plot 
No. C 38&39, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai 400051. SCB India is a branch of SCB, UK and is licensed by the 
Reserve Bank of India to carry on banking business in India. SCB India is also registered with Securities and Exchange Board 
of India in its capacity as Merchant Banker, Depository Participant, Bankers to an Issue, Custodian, etc. For details on group 
companies operating in India, please visit https://www.sc.com/in/important-information/india-result/ and refer to 
https://av.sc.com/in/content/docs/in-sc-sebi-registered-research-analyst.pdf (Information on SEBI Registered Research 
Analyst) for details. The RBI had advised that entities under their regulations shall not deal in virtual currencies ("VCs") or 
provide services for facilitating any person or entity to deal with or settle VCs; however, the Supreme Court overturned the ban 
on cryptocurrency payments. A proposed law which may prohibit dealing in cryptocurrencies is under discussion, according to 
media reports. INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES MARKET ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS. READ ALL THE RELATED 
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY BEFORE INVESTING. The securities quoted are for illustration only and are not recommendatory. 
Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM (if applicable) in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary 
or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Indonesia: Standard Chartered Bank is licensed and supervised by Indonesia 
Financial Services Authority (OJK) and Bank of Indonesia (BI) as well as a participant of Indonesia Deposit Insurance 
Corporation (LPS). The information in this document is provided for information purposes only. It does not constitute any offer, 
recommendation or solicitation to any person to enter into any transaction or adopt any hedging, trading or investment strategy, 
nor does it constitute any prediction of likely future movements in rates or prices or represent that any such future movements 
will not exceed those shown in any illustration. Future changes in such laws, rules, regulations, etc., could affect the information 
in this document, but SCB is under no obligation to keep this information current or to update it. Expressions of opinion are 
those of SCB only and are subject to change without notice. Japan: This document is being distributed to Specified Investors, 
as defined by the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No.25 of 1948, known as “FIEA”), for information only 
and not for the purpose of soliciting any Financial Instruments Transactions as defined by the FIEA or any Specified Deposits, 
etc. as defined by the Banking Act of Japan (Act No.59 of 1981). Kenya: Standard Chartered Bank Kenya Limited is regulated 
by the Central Bank of Kenya. The information in this document is provided for information purposes only. The document is 
intended for use only by Professional Clients and should not be relied upon by or be distributed to Retail Clients. Korea: This 
document is being distributed in Korea by, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited which is regulated 
by the Financial Supervisory Service and Financial Services Commission. Macau: This document is being distributed in Macau 
Special Administrative Region of the Peoples' Republic of China, and is attributable to, Standard Chartered Bank (Macau 
Branch) which is regulated by Macau Monetary Authority. Malaysia: This document is being distributed in Malaysia by Standard 
 


[Page 9]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
9 
PUBLIC 
Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad only to institutional investors or corporate customers. Recipients in Malaysia should contact 
Standard Chartered Bank Malaysia Berhad in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. 
Mauritius: Standard Chartered Bank (Mauritius) Limited is regulated by both the Bank of Mauritius and the Financial Services 
Commission in Mauritius. This document should not be construed as investment advice or solicitation to enter into securities 
transactions in Mauritius as per the Securities Act 2005. New Zealand: New Zealand Investors should note that this document 
was prepared for “wholesale clients” only within the meaning of section 5C of the Financial Advisers Act 2008. This document 
is not directed at persons who are “retail clients” as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 2008. NOTE THAT STANDARD 
CHARTERED BANK (incorporated in England) IS NOT A “REGISTERED BANK” IN NEW ZEALAND UNDER THE RESERVE 
BANK OF NEW ZEALAND ACT 1989, and it is not therefore regulated or supervised by the Reserve Bank of New Zealand. 
Pakistan: The securities mentioned in this report have not been, and will not be, registered in Pakistan, and may not be offered 
or sold in Pakistan, without prior approval of the regulatory authorities and/or relevant governmental statutory body(ies) in 
Pakistan. Philippines: This document may be distributed in the Philippines by Standard Chartered Bank (Philippines) (“SCB 
PH”) to Qualified Buyers as defined under Section 10.1 (L) of Republic Act No. 8799, otherwise known as the Securities 
Regulation Code (“SRC”), other corporate and institutional clients only. SCB PH does not warrant the appropriateness and 
suitability of any security, investment or transaction that may have been discussed in this document with respect to any person. 
Nothing in this document constitutes or should be construed as an offer to sell or distribute securities in the Philippines, which 
securities, if offered for sale or distribution in the Philippines, are required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission unless such securities are exempt under Section 9 of the SRC or the transaction is exempt under Section 10 
thereof. SCB PH is regulated by the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) (e-mail: consumeraffairs@bsp.gov.ph). Any complaint 
in connection with any product or service of, or offered through, the Bank should be directed to the Bank’s Client Services 
Group via e-mail at straight2bank.ph@sc.com (or any other contact information that the Bank may notify you from time to time). 
Singapore: This document is being distributed in Singapore by Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (UEN No.: 
201224747C) only to Accredited Investors, Expert Investors or Institutional Investors, as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore. Recipients in Singapore should contact Standard Chartered Bank (Singapore) Limited (as the 
case may be) in relation to any matters arising from, or in connection with, this document. South Africa: Standard Chartered 
Bank, Johannesburg Branch (“SCB Johannesburg Branch”) is a Registered Credit Provider in terms of the National Credit Act 
34 of 2005 under registration number NCRCP4. Thailand: This document is intended to circulate only general information and 
prepare exclusively for the benefit of Institutional Investors with the conditions and as defined in the Notifications of the Office 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the exemption of investment advisory service, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. It is not intended to provide for the public. UAE: For residents of the UAE – Standard Chartered 
Bank UAE does not provide financial analysis or consultation services in or into the UAE within the meaning of UAE Securities 
and Commodities Authority Decision No. 48/r of 2008 concerning financial consultation and financial analysis. UAE (DIFC): 
Standard Chartered Bank, Dubai International Financial Centre (SCB DIFC) having its offices at Dubai International Financial 
Centre, Building 1, Gate Precinct, P.O. Box 999, Dubai, UAE is a branch of Standard Chartered Bank and is regulated by the 
Dubai Financial Services Authority (“DFSA”). This document is intended for use only by Professional Clients and is not directed 
at Retail Clients as defined by the DFSA Rulebook. In the DIFC we are authorized to provide financial services only to client s 
who qualify as Professional Clients and Market Counterparties and not to Retail Clients. As a Professional Client you will not 
be given the higher retail client protection and compensation rights and if you use your right to be classified as a Retail Client 
we will be unable to provide financial services and products to you as we do not hold the required license to undertake such 
activities. United Kingdom: SCB and or its affiliates is authorised in the United Kingdom by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA. This communication is directed at persons 
SCB can categorise as Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients (such persons being the target market of this 
communication following SCB’s target market assessment) as defined by the FCA Handbook. In particular, this communication 
is not directed at Retail Clients (as defined by the FCA Handbook) in the United Kingdom. Nothing in this communication 
constitutes a personal recommendation or investment advice as defined by the FCA Handbook. United States: Except for any 
documents relating to foreign exchange, FX or global FX, Rates or Commodities, distribution of this document in the United 
States or to US persons is intended to be solely to major institutional investors as defined in Rule 15a-6(a)(2) under the US 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All US persons that receive this document by their acceptance thereof represent and agree 
that they are a major institutional investor and understand the risks involved in executing transactions in securities. Any US 
recipient of this document wanting additional information or to effect any transaction in any security or financial instrument 
mentioned herein, must do so by contacting a registered representative of Standard Chartered Securities North America, LLC, 
1095 Avenue of the Americas, New York, N.Y. 10036, US, tel + 1 212 667 0700. WE DO NOT OFFER OR SELL SECURITIES 
TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS EITHER (A) THOSE SECURITIES ARE REGISTERED FOR SALE WITH THE U.S. SECURITIES 
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION AND WITH ALL APPROPRIATE U.S. STATE AUTHORITIES; OR (B) THE SECURITIES OR 
THE SPECIFIC TRANSACTION QUALIFY FOR AN EXEMPTION UNDER THE U.S. FEDERAL AND STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS NOR DO WE OFFER OR SELL SECURITIES TO U.S. PERSONS UNLESS (i) WE, OUR AFFILIATED COMPANY AND 
THE APPROPRIATE PERSONNEL ARE PROPERLY REGISTERED OR LICENSED TO CONDUCT BUSINESS; OR (ii) WE, 
OUR AFFILIATED COMPANY AND THE APPROPRIATE PERSONNEL QUALIFY FOR EXEMPTIONS UNDER APPLICABLE 
U.S. FEDERAL AND STATE LAWS. Any documents relating to foreign exchange, FX or global FX, Rates or Commodities to 
US Persons, Guaranteed Affiliates, or Conduit Affiliates (as those terms are defined by any Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission rule, interpretation, guidance, or other such publication) are intended to be distributed only to Eligible Contract 
Participants are defined in Section 1a(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Zambia: Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc 
(SCB Zambia) is licensed and registered as a commercial bank under the Banking and Financial Services Act Cap 387 of the 
 


[Page 10]
 
 
Economic Alert 
 
Standard Chartered Global Research | 8 September 2026 
10 
PUBLIC 
laws of Zambia and as a dealer under the Securities Act, No. 41 of 2016. SCB Zambia is regulated by the Bank of Zambia, the 
Lusaka Stock Exchange and the Securities and Exchange Commission.  
© 2026 Standard Chartered Bank. All rights reserved. Copyright in third party materials is acknowledged and is used under 
licence. You may not reproduce or adapt any part of these materials for any purposes unless with express written approval from 
Standard Chartered Bank. 
  
  
Document approved by 
John Davies 
US Rates Strategist 
Document is released at  
17:07 GMT 08 September 2026 
 
 
