[Page 1]
 
ECB Preview: One More Rate Hike Without 
Guidance 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, SEP 10, 2026 - 09:30 AM 
Preview: ECB Policy Announcement due on 10th September 2026 
●​ The ECB is set to raise the Deposit Rate by 25bps to 2.50%. A decision backed by 
elevated inflation, resilient growth and a stable labour market. 
●​ Focus will be on the updated staff projections, where 2027 HICP is expected to be lifted 
slightly. 
●​ Attention also on any guidance beyond September, though President Lagarde will likely 
reiterate a data-dependant approach, but hawkish risks dominate. 
OVERVIEW, courtesy of Newsquawk:  
The ECB is widely expected to hike the Deposit Rate by 25bps to 2.50%. Moreover, Reuters 
source reports suggested policymakers are ready to lift rates in September. The likes of 
Makhlouf, Simkus, Kocher and Dolenc have explicitly pushed for a hike at the forthcoming 
meeting. Recent data favors a hike, with annual headline inflation at 3%, well above the ECB's 
2% target. Resilient growth metrics in the region and a stable labor market also give 
policymakers scope to deliver a hike. ING believes the ECB will deliver a 25bps hike while 
simultaneously pushing back against hawkish market pricing, citing decent core inflation figures. 
Aside from the decision, attention will be on any updates to the staff projections. Analysts expect 
growth and inflation forecasts to be revised slightly higher. It is also worth noting that the 
economic scenarios will be in focus, with the economy and markets currently holding 
somewhere between the "mild" and "adverse" scenarios from June. Finally, markets will be 
attentive to any policy direction beyond September. The likelihood is that the statement, and 
President Lagarde in her press conference, will reiterate the Bank's data-dependent and 
noncommittal approach, keeping the door open but not committing to activity later in the year. 
Markets will be attentive to how President Lagarde references the latest surge in energy and 
gas prices, given that the updated staff projections will not encapsulate this due to the ECB’s 
cut-off date. 


[Page 2]
 
DATA:  
Headline HICP in August held firmly above 3% Y/Y, well beyond the ECB's 2% target. In detail, 
headline HICP rose 3.3% Y/Y from 2.9%, while core HICP declined to 2.4% from 2.5%; the 
services component also moderated from the prior. The headline figure cements a September 
hike, however, the benign core components suggest second-round effects have yet to take 
place. This view is also shared by the Governing Council, with Nagel the latest to highlight the 
theme. Elsewhere, growth remains fairly resilient despite the ongoing war in the Middle East 
and surging energy prices; final Q2 GDP Q/Q printed at 0.6%. Finally, the labour market also 
remains fairly steady. Given the combination of higher inflation and resilient growth and labour 
market conditions, policymakers will feel more confident lifting rates in the near term. If this 
theme continues, the odds of another hike this year will likely also rise. 
LAST MEETING:  
As expected, the ECB held rates at the non-forecast meeting. The opening statement was 
near-enough a reiteration of the approach from June, with no forward guidance or 
pre-commitment provided and the data-dependent and meeting-by-meeting conditionality kept. 
Additionally, the decision to hold was a unanimous one, but some members did question 
whether a hike should have taken place. Finally, post-meeting sources confirmed that a 
September hike would be under consideration.  
PROJECTIONS/SCENARIOS:  
Decision aside, focus will be on the updated staff projections. ING expects inflation forecasts to 
be revised slightly higher to account for the continued strength in oil and gas prices. GDP could 
also receive small upgrades, given several Council members have referenced the region's 
resilient growth. A key caveat is that the ECB's cut-off window for calculating assumptions, likely 
between 5th-18th August, will already be outdated. Deutsche Bank highlights that during this 
period, oil prices were lower than in June, while gas prices were higher. In short, the forecasts 
may well feel somewhat stale. Another point of focus for traders will be the updated scenarios. 
Goldman Sachs expects the "milder" scenario, whereby energy prices fall quickly, to be 
retained; once again, two ‘upside’ scenarios are likely to be provided. 
Goldman Sachs Staff Projections expectations for baseline: 
●​ GDP: 0.8% (prev. 0.9%) in 2026, 1.3% (prev. 1.2%) in 2027, 1.5% (prev. 1.5%) in in 
2028 
●​ HICP: 2.9% (prev. 3.0%) in 2026, 2.7% (prev. 2.3%) in 2027, 2.0% (prev. 2.0%) in 2028 
●​ Core HICP: 2.4% (prev. 2.5%) in 2026, 2.6% (prev. 2.5%) in 2027, 2.2% (prev. 2.2%) in 
2028 


[Page 3]
 
Additionally, here is a more detailed scenario analysis from Goldman which looks for another 
25bp hike — as widely expected and fully priced — but very little guidance on the policy outlook. 
 
FUTURE POLICY:  
Some sell-side analysts believe this will be a one-and-done hike. The latest Reuters poll 
indicates that 91% of economists surveyed see the rate remaining on hold for the rest of the 
year. However, both BNP Paribas and JP Morgan now expect another hike in December, having 
previously forecast no further hikes this year. BNP Paribas wrote: "we think the persistence of 
the energy shock and the resilience of the economy make second-round effects more likely to 
materialise". Deutsche Bank opines that another hike in December is "more likely than not", 
though a material improvement in the Iran situation would likely see the ECB at a terminal rate 
of 2.50%. Money markets currently see the terminal rate at around 3.00%. Some policymakers 
have been more explicit about the potential need to raise rates further; Simkus said a hike in 
September "is not going to be enough", while Radev noted that both October and December are 
"live meetings". Ultimately, the direction of rates beyond September will be dictated by energy 
dynamics and their impact on inflation. 
Goldman maintains its baseline that September will more likely than not be the last hike of this 
tightening cycle. First, the bank looks for growth to slow in Q3 given some signs of weakening 


[Page 4]
 
consumption, subdued private investment, and the negative effects from the summer 
heatwaves. Second, the recent inflation data point to limited pass-through effects from higher 
energy prices which slightly shaved the bank's peak core inflation forecast from 2.7% to 2.6% in 
Q1. Third, Goldman's commodities team looks for some relaxation of the recent energy price 
pressures in coming months as energy flows through the Strait of Hormuz gradually return. 
Fourth, the bank maintains its forecast of no Fed hikes as we look for progress with US core 
inflation in coming months. Consistent with this, the optimal policy simulations under its 
economic forecasts point to a peak deposit rate of around 2.5%. 
 
That said, the growth resilience and renewed sharp rise in gas prices point to a rising likelihood 
of additional tightening. This can be seen in the bank's policy simulations, which now point to a 
third hike under the September ECB staff projections, mainly reflecting higher inflation (as the 
energy forwards are notably above our commodity price forecasts). As a result, Goldman now 
sees a low hurdle for a third hike in December if energy prices do not fall from here or inflation 
rises more notably in coming months, especially if the Fed hikes.  
The bank reflects these updated views in its scenario analysis: it still assigns a subjective 45% 
to the two-hike baseline but now sees a 40% chance of further hikes and 15% odds of deeper 
cuts. Even with these adjustments, the forecast remains notably below market pricing on a 
probability-weighted basis. 


[Page 5]
 
 
More in the full Goldman note available to pro subs. 
 
