[Page 1]
See Appendix A-1 for Analyst Certification, Important Disclosures and Research Analyst Affiliations.
The Point for Europe
Thursday, 11 September 2026
Top Call | Company | Industry | Strategy & Economics | Fixed Income & FX | Key Rating and Target Price 
Changes
 
Top Call
European Equity Strategy Multi-Asset - European Equities and the Natural Gas 
Price Shock: Less Vulnerable This Time?
European natural gas prices have surged above €80/MWh, their highest level since 
late 2022. Equity Strategy View: Continued rise in gas prices, amid escalating 
geopolitical tensions, would pose growing risks to European equities. History 
suggests Cyclical and energy-intensive sectors (Autos, Travel & Leisure, 
Chemicals, Banks) tend to underperform during gas price spikes, while 
Commodities, Defensives, and select Growth sectors far relatively better. However, 
European equities and economy appear less sensitive to gas prices than during the 
2022 energy shock. Equity View: Gas storage levels remain higher than many 
assume, while Citi Commodity Strategists ultimately see prices falling back 
towards mid €50s/MWh by year-end under a range of Strait of Hormuz reopening 
and winter weather scenarios. We therefore remain constructive on European 
equities through mid-2027, supported by solid EPS growth, while acknowledging 
rising risks to the...
Beata M Manthey, Ph.D. | David Groman | Nikhil N Jadhav, CFA | Alastair R Syme | Tianhong Bi, CFA
Western Europe Business & Professional Services - Trawling the Accounts
Checking the fine print — In our latest deep dive into Business Services 
companies’ annual reports, we analyse the relative conservatism of each 
company’s approach to discretionary accounting. Areas of focus include 
accounting policies (including revenue recognition), exceptionals, provisions, bad 
debtor provisions, goodwill impairment test metrics, capitalization of costs and 
pensions. We also provide analysis around governance to cover executive 
remuneration, auditor tenure and non-audit fees, audit and remuneration 
committee composition, whistleblowing and employee safety records and buying 
and selling of shares by directors. We have performed this analysis for more than a 
decade. The findings in this report inform our sector ratings and have historically 
driven relative share price performance, particularly of companies most affected 
by accounting issues.
Marc Van'T Sant | Arthur Truslove | Saifabbas Sayed
_
_
Must Read
Global Economic Outlook & Strategy - 
Renewed Uncertainties—But 
Continued Resilience
Point |


[Page 2]
 
2
European Media - Key Takeaways from the 2026 Global TMT Conference
In this note, we summarise the key takeaways and notes from Citi’s 2026 Global 
TMT conference in New York, where we hosted Publicis and WPP and met a 
number of interesting private companies, including Legora and Perplexity. 
Ciaran Donnelly
Company
Infineon Technologies (IFXGn.DE) - Citi Global TMT Conference Takeaways
We hosted meetings with Dr. Sven Schneider, CFO of Infineon, at our Global TMT 
Conference. The key message was that Infineon is now benefiting from both 
cyclical recovery and structural growth drivers, with automotive and industrial 
demand improving alongside very strong AI-related demand. Mgmt. remains 
confident on FY27, supported by a €30bn backlog, improving pricing, rising 
utilisation and AI demand that continues to exceed supply. This supports our 
positive view on growth and margin expansion into FY27 and beyond.
Pavan Daswani, CFA
Vodafone Group PLC (VOD.L) - ECJ rules against German 2023 price increase; 
c0.5% group EBITDAaL drag likely
The European Court of Justice (ECJ) has ruled that EU Directive 2018/1972 does 
not grant telecoms providers the right to unilaterally change their terms and 
conditions (link). This ruling is relevant to a €5/mth price increase (or €4.2/mth 
ex-VAT) that Vodafone put through in 2023, in order to absorb the impact of cost 
inflation. We believe the financial impact of reversing the price increase could drag 
Vodafone's 2026/27 EBITDAaL by c€70m (c1.7% of Vodafone Germany EBITDAaL, 
or 0.5% at a group level), while settlement of the class action claim could lead to a 
further c€20m one-off. We think Vodafone shares will be weak tomorrow, on the 
back of this news, particularly on the heels of recent strength.
Carl Murdock-Smith, CFA
UPM Kymmene Oyj (UPM.HE) - Expect steady improvement in coming quarters
The key investment case rests on the successful execution of its portfolio 
transformation and the ramp-up of the Leuna biochemicals facility, which has the 
potential to become a significant growth driver from FY27e. However, near-term 
risks remain, including pulp market volatility, higher maintenance activity and 
continued costs related to Leuna ramp-up. Our H2 2026 comparable EBIT 
estimate is €536m from continuing business which is towards the upper end of 
company guidance of €375-575m (H1 2026: €470m). Our adjusted EPS estimate 
is down c10%/c2% for FY26/27e reflecting weaker profitability from Fibers and 
Energy segment. Our estimates do not take into account the M&A Transaction. We 
are cautiously constructive on UPM's medium-term outlook. We remain rating 
suspended on UPM. 
Ephrem Ravi | Ashish Khetan
PUMA SE (PUMG.DE) - NYC CFO Roadshow Feedback
This week we hosted PUMA’s NYC CFO roadshow. Below we summarise 5 key 
takeaways from our investor meetings. 
Monique Pollard | Elizabeth Moore | Vandita Sood | Jamie Bass
Currys PLC (CURY.L) - Very Strong Trading for the first 4m of FY27e with stable 
gross margins; guidance unchanged
Following comments at the full year results (2nd July) that current trading had 
been “very solid”, Currys reports Group LFLs +7% (prior Citi 1H27e: +3.4%) for the 
first 4m of FY27e (17w to 29-Aug). UK&I LFLs accelerated to +6%, from +4% in 
previous 4mths (prior Citi 1H27e: +3.0%) with c.2pp benefit from World 


[Page 3]
 
3
Cup/Summer heatwave and market share gains in “all major categories”. Nordic 
LFLs accelerated to +9%, from +4% in previous 4mths (prior Citi 1H27e: +4.0%) 
with market share gains in “most countries and categories”. No explicit guidance 
given this early in the year, but all technical guidance is unchanged and 
management remain comfortable with consensus (company consensus: FY27e adj. 
PBT £199m, prior Citi £204m). We expect a materially positive share price reaction 
to this update given strong trading and reiterated guidance, and given shares have 
been weak into the print (-6% since the FY results on 2nd July). 
Monique Pollard | Vandita Sood | Elizabeth Moore | Jamie Bass
Victrex PLC (VCTX.L) - Model update
We update our model following Victrex's FY26 pre-close trading update. 
Management upgraded FY26 underlying PBT guidance to £45-47m (previously 
£42-44m), reflecting continued strength through Q4 despite the quarter typically 
being seasonally weaker. Growth was broad-based across most end-markets, led 
by Aerospace supported by higher aircraft build rates, alongside continued 
strength in Electronics driven by semiconductor demand and VARs. Regionally, 
APAC was a bright spot, with especially strong performance in China. Automotive 
and Medical remained comparatively modest. Reflecting the stronger-than-
expected trading performance and improved earnings outlook, we increase our 
FY26 underlying PBT estimate by c.5% to £46m (from £44m), in line with the 
midpoint of upgraded guidance. We also raise our FY27 forecast by c.8% to £54m 
(from £50m) assuming continued volume growth across key end markets and 
ongoing cost-saving initiatives. While the macroeconomic backdrop remains 
uncertain, the upgraded guidance provides further evidence that trading 
conditions are improving across the portfolio. 
Ranulf Orr, CFA
Inditex (ITX.MC) - Model Update
Updating forecasts following 2Q results and catch up with the company. 
FY26e/FY27e Sales are broadly unchanged (+0.2%/+2.0% vs. VA consensus) but 
we model slightly higher cFX sales growth for FY26e, offset by higher FX 
headwinds. We expect 2H26e cFX growth to continue the +9% current trading 
momentum. We model FY26e/FY27e YoY gross margin change of +7bps/+5bps 
(vs. +18bps/+5bps previously) given slightly weaker 2Q outturn; the co. have 
reiterated that any tariff refunds are expected to be immaterial. Notably, we now 
model slightly higher SG&A inflation for 2H26e and FY27e given elevated transport 
costs (last mile / delivery to franchisees). We model higher Capex as ITX continues 
investments to support strong sales growth. FY26e/FY27e EPS is -2%/-3% vs. 
previously. TP unchanged at €61, which represents c.26x FY27e P/E (vs. c.25x 
previously) as we believe ITX’s consistently strong LFL performance commands a 
higher valuation despite near term cost headwinds. Reiterate Buy.
Monique Pollard
Industry
European Banks - The Final Leg
We update our European Banks presentation following 2Q26 results. We remain 
overweight: Capital return yields, at ~7%, are still among the highest of any sector 
and Banks continue to see EPS upgrades, up +8% YTD, with 83% of banks 
reporting 2Q26 consensus PBT beats and outlook commentary constructive, with 
most enhancing FY26 guidance, on higher revenues. From here we expect earnings 
upgrades to be increasingly driven by volumes, rather than rates, supported by 
new initiatives to harness the benefit from banking ecosystems and AI capex. 
However we would argue we are now closer to the end of the current bull run: 
Earnings upgrades have broadened to other sectors, reducing the scarcity value, 
and faster organic/inorganic growth may come at the expense of buybacks. 


[Page 4]
 
4
Meanwhile valuations are still not demanding, but nor are they excessively cheap 
anymore either. Top-picks are ABN, NatWest, SocGen. Least-preferred banks are 
Deutsche Bank, SHB and Unicaja. 
Andrew Coombs, CFA | Rajkumar Choudhary
European Diversified Banks - The Second Rate Hike: How Do Benelux Banks 
React?
Following the second ECB rate hike of this hiking cycle, we look at historical 
passthrough in the Netherlands, Belgium and Germany to instant access savings 
and term products in the 2022-23 and 2005-08 hiking cycles. We find that 
(particularly in the Netherlands) as per 2022-23 precedent, it is not until above a 
3% ECB rate that one starts to see rapidly increasing deposit beta for savings 
accounts on incremental rate hikes. This reassures us as to the impact on liability 
margins from today’s rate hike, particularly at ABN and ING. For the former (one of 
our Top Picks in Europe) we note EURIBOR 3m (the key rate to track for the short 
end of the replicating portfolio) is up ~25bps on average this quarter, with no 
increase in the client savings rate. This supports our above-consensus view on 
2026-29 net interest income.
Shrey Srivastava | Anand Demble | Andre Nemec
European Diversified Chemicals - Prospect of Greater Protection, but How 
Broad?
Last week, we published our multi-sector report Protecting Europe, arguing that 
EU policy is further advanced than many investors appreciate. Reuters today 
reports that France, Italy and likely Germany plan to request safeguards involving 
EU-wide import quotas for selected Chemicals and Plastics. This is the clearest 
indication yet that policymakers may be willing to apply safeguard measures in 
Chemicals. The initial requests reportedly focus on PET, epoxy resins and glass 
fibres, which have limited direct earnings relevance for the listed Diversifieds. 
However, the scope could broaden, while any resulting investigations may serve as 
test cases for additional product groups. For investors, the key question is whether 
these initial cases pave the way for broader safeguards or show that intervention 
will remain narrowly targeted. For now, details remain limited, and implementation 
would likely take several months. Von der Leyen’s State of the Union address next 
Wednesday should provide...
Sebastian Satz, CFA | Ranulf Orr, CFA | Omi Pallavi
European Software - Read-across from the Citi Global TMT Conference
We had a number of US software peers present at Citi’s TMT Conference. 
Commentary on current demand environment was steady. AI was the dominant 
theme, and enterprises working to be model agnostic was unanimous 
commentary. On broader risk vs. opportunity debate, presenting peers cited AI 
being additive to the value of incumbent platforms. On monetization, the present 
focus is still on promoting adoption, and commercialization strategy is still 
evolving. Specifically for SoR application software, we saw investors focus on 
dynamics of partnership / possible partnership with AI-labs (Claudeforce as 
reference). While for design software, implication from frontier model capabilities 
(Astra in focus) was discussed – where management noted it being complimentary 
rather than disruptive. Overall, while peer commentary appears reassuring, our 
takeaway for European names is that investor sentiment is in balance to favorable 
towards SoR software (SAP), and in check for design software (DAST and NEM) 
and SMB exposure...
Balajee Tirupati, CFA


[Page 5]
 
5
Artificial Intelligence - Celonis (Privately Held) – Context for Enterprise AI; Day 2 
Takeaways from Citi's Global TMT Conference
We hosted Alex Rinke, the Co-CEO and Co-Founder of Celonis, for a fireside chat 
on September 9, 2026, at our Global TMT Conference in NYC. Celonis is a software 
company that helps enterprises identify inefficiencies across business workflows 
then apply automation and AI to improve productivity and operational 
performance. The discussion focused on process context as a critical input for 
enterprise AI, the opportunity to automate broader workflows, and the role of 
specialized models and sovereign deployment in improving cost, speed, and 
consistency. Key takeaways follow. 
Heath Terry | Shelby Spencer | Ashley Kim | Janna Withrow
Artificial Intelligence - Orbital Compute: Starcloud - Day 3 Takeaways from 
Citi's Global TMT Conference
We hosted Philip Johnston, the CEO of Starcloud, for a fireside chat on September 
10, 2026, at our Global TMT Conference in NYC. Starcloud is a space infrastructure 
company developing orbital data centers, which it believes could help meet rising 
AI compute demand while avoiding some of the power, land, and permitting 
constraints associated with terrestrial data centers. The discussion focused on 
launch capacity as the key constraint on commercial deployment, government 
inference workloads as an initial high-paying market, and the technical milestones 
needed to make orbital compute competitive with terrestrial infrastructure. Key 
takeaways follow.
Heath Terry | Shelby Spencer | Ashley Kim | Janna Withrow
Artificial Intelligence and Systems Software - Enterprise AI: Island - Day 3 
Takeaways from Citi's Global TMT Conference
We hosted Mike Fey, the CEO of Island, for a fireside chat on September 10, 2026, 
at our Global TMT Conference in NYC, moderated by Fatima Boolani. The 
discussion covered Island's evolution from enterprise browser to full agentic 
control plane, the state of AI-driven data security, and the cybersecurity budget 
outlook in an agentic world. Key takeaways below. 
Heath Terry | Fatima Boolani | Shelby Spencer | Ashley Kim | Janna Withrow
Global Sporting Goods - Data highlight further deterioration in market volumes 
excluding NKE, as key ADS Lifestyle franchises remain weak 
In conjunction with Citi’s Innovation Lab, we update our proprietary brand heat 
model, which uses publicly available sneaker data from StockX’s website as a 
proxy for brand heat. Total resale volumes of all sneakers declined -0.1% MoM in 
August, an improvement after -0.8% average decline in the prior 3m (albeit still the 
10th consecutive month of decline). However, excluding NKE, the overall market 
fell -4.1% (after -1.6% prior 3m average). Looking at brands’ share of total resale 
volumes, adidas brand share fell -21bps, PUM increased +2bps, whilst NKE’s share 
increased +118bps suggesting accelerating recovery in the US brand’s volume 
momentum on the site. Note: we are currently hosting PUMA’s NYC roadshow.
Monique Pollard | Elizabeth Moore | Vandita Sood | Jamie Bass
Global Aircraft Engine Tracker - Engine cycles down in August driven by 
passenger cycles’ weakness
August weakness was driven by passenger cycles, while positive growth on cargo 
cycles was insufficient to offset the broader slowdown. LEAP-1A, GTF, Trent 7000 
and Trent XWB remained positive despite a deceleration, while mature and legacy 
engines continued to underperform. 
Charles J Armitage | Rodrigo Campo


[Page 6]
 
6
Strategy & Economics
Fund Flow Insights - Breadth in Fund Flows Supported by Global and GEM Funds
In the week of 9/2/2026, bond funds saw US$17.5bn inflow while equity funds 
had US$9.8bn. Global funds, ETFs in particular, continued to be the main source 
of inflows, which helps support the breadth of flows to multiple regions. European 
funds also had US$0.3bn inflow this week. US funds, however, had a net 
redemption of US$3.9bn, which marked their third week of net outflows. 
Yue Hin Pong | David T Chew | Richard W Schlatter
European Economics - ECB: Higher for Longer (inflation, ergo also rates)
The straightforward explanation provided by the Governing Council for today’s 
hike causes us to revise our expectations for the path of policy from now onwards. 
We now expect the policy rate to be raised again in December 2026 and March 
2027 by 25bps, bringing it to 3% before a plateau may be reached. We insist that 
this modal expectation is very dependent on energy prices remaining high. The key 
element of communication we took away today is that the longer inflation remains 
high, the more pronounced the risks that it becomes endogenous, even if no 
second-round effects are immediately evidenced. Given that the current tensions 
on energy prices extend the period of above-target inflation, this leads in our view 
to a shortening of the policy horizon of the ECB, and a drift in policy preferences 
towards a “risk management” approach. Both speak to higher rates than we had in 
mind.
Arnaud Marès | Giada Giani | Michel Nies
Global Economics - Global Trade Flash: Global Trade Supported by AI Demand
Global export volumes have shown resilience despite headwinds from the Middle 
East, rebounding 5% from conflict lows to near cycle-highs through June. While 
export volumes from the Middle East & Africa remain nearly 10% below pre-conflict 
levels, they are up appreciably from their spring lows as exporters are finding ways 
to circumvent the Strait of Hormuz. Notably, surging AI exports have been a key 
source of support for global trade. Global AI exports in June reached $1.5trn at an 
annual rate, more than doubling over the past year. Korea and Taiwan have 
recorded the largest gains, reflecting their central role in the global semiconductor 
supply chain. China and Mexico have also seen notable benefits. The United States 
has been the primary destination for these exports, absorbing 34% of the total, 
while China has imported 18%.
Cole Langlois | Nathan Sheets
Fixed Income & FX
Weekly Supply Monitor - Euro, US, and UK Supply Outlook
We expect around €40bn of euro supply next week from scheduled issuance (EU, 
Finland, Germany, Greece, France, Spain). The US Treasury will issue around 
$32bn across the 20-year sector and 10-year TIPS. The UK DMO will issue an 
estimated £1.5bn of conventional gilts via tender. The BoE will also conduct QT 
operations of £725mn in Shorts.
Puja V Sawant
European Rates Weekly - Doing what needs to be done
With oil prices this week continuing their march towards March’ highs (and gas 
prices exceeding them), the 25bp hike was more than robust across scenarios – a 
‘no brainer’. Further rate increases seem to be the most logical scenario if risks 
around energy supply don’t subside, raising the chance of ‘insurance’ hike pricing 
becoming crystallized. Gamma has finally woken up, and we recommend chasing it 
higher by buying right-hand skew on € front-end. We also provide a detailed 


[Page 7]
 
7
overview of EU/EEA insurers’ Q2 26 asset exposures focusing government bonds, 
supranationals, regional debt and covered bonds.
Jamie Searle | Andrea Appeddu | Jussi Harju, CFA | Puja V Sawant | Damilola Lanre-Ojo
Global FX Strategy - Geopolitical risks rising for EUR, but no policy error…yet
We think today’s repricing across G10 is more about energy than hawkish ECB 
guidance or US PPI data. This mutes the FX signal from relative rates, alone, to the 
extent terms of trade re-emerge as a driver. We see geopolitical risks staying 
elevated in Iran, and potentially even increasing for Europe through the NATO 
channel. While not currently the case, we watch the Euribor curve for indications of 
when the market might treat a hawkish ECB as a policy error.
Daniel Tobon | Brian Levine | Osamu Takashima
  


[Page 8]
 
8
Key Rating and Target Price Changes
Closing
Rating
Target Price
Analyst
Company
Ccy
Price ~New
Prior
Chg
~
New
Prior
Chg
Report
Ranulf Orr, CFA
Victrex PLC (VCTX.L)
£
9.98
nc
Neutral
10.00
7.00
▲
Report
nc = no change     H = High Risk
Any price(s) of instruments mentioned in recommendations are as of the prior day’s market close on the primary market for the instrument, unless otherwise stated.
Refer to the Report for the date and details regarding the rating and/or target price change.
Source: Citi Research


[Page 9]
 
9
Click to Unsubscribe
If you are visually impaired and would like to speak to a Citi representative regarding the details 
of the graphics in this document, please call USA 1-888-500-5008 (TTY: 711), from outside the 
US +1-210-677-3788
Appendix A-1
ANALYST CERTIFICATION
The research analysts primarily responsible for the preparation and content of this research report are either (i) designated 
by “AC” in the author block or (ii) listed in bold alongside content which is attributable to that analyst. If multiple AC 
analysts are designated in the author block, each analyst is certifying with respect to the entire research report other than 
(a) content attributable to another AC certifying analyst listed in bold alongside the content and (b) views expressed solely 
with respect to a specific issuer which are attributable to another AC certifying analyst identified in the price charts or 
rating history tables for that issuer shown below. Each of these analysts certify, with respect to the sections of the report 
for which they are responsible: (1) that the views expressed therein accurately reflect their personal views about each 
issuer and security referenced and were prepared in an independent manner, including with respect to Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and its affiliates; and (2) no part of the research analyst's compensation was, is, or will be, directly or 
indirectly, related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by that research analyst in this report.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES
This product merely summarizes previously published research notes. To access the complete report along with the associated 
Analyst Certification, Issuer- or Analyst-specific Disclosures and non-US research analyst disclosures please click on the 
hyperlink alongside or in the headline of each excerpt above.
Analysts’ compensation is determined by Citi Research management and Citigroup’s senior management and is based upon 
activities and services intended to benefit the investor clients of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and its affiliates (the “Firm”). 
Compensation is not linked to specific transactions or recommendations. Like all Firm employees, analysts receive 
compensation that is impacted by overall Firm profitability which includes investment banking, sales and trading, and 
principal trading revenues. One factor in equity research analyst compensation is arranging corporate access events between 
institutional clients and the management teams of covered companies. Typically, company management is more likely to 
participate when the analyst has a positive view of the company.
For financial instruments recommended in the Product in which the Firm is not a market maker, the Firm is a liquidity provider 
in such financial instruments (and any underlying instruments) and may act as principal in connection with transactions in 
such instruments. The Firm is a regular issuer of traded financial instruments linked to securities that may have been 
recommended in the Product. The Firm regularly trades in the securities of the issuer(s) discussed in the Product. The Firm may 
engage in securities transactions in a manner inconsistent with the Product and, with respect to securities covered by the 
Product, will buy or sell from customers on a principal basis.
Unless stated otherwise neither the Research Analyst nor any member of their team has viewed the material operations of the 
Companies for which an investment view has been provided within the past 12 months.
For important disclosures (including copies of historical disclosures) regarding the companies that are the subject of this Citi 
Research product ("the Product"), please contact Citi Research, 388 Greenwich Street, 6th Floor, New York, NY, 10013, 
Attention: Legal/Compliance [E6WYB6412478]. In addition, the same important disclosures, with the exception of the 
Valuation and Risk assessments and historical disclosures, are contained on the Firm's disclosure website at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.   Valuation and Risk assessments can be found in the 
text of the most recent research note/report regarding the subject company. Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation a 
history of all Citi Research recommendations published during the preceding 12-month period can be accessed via Citi Velocity 
(https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2) or your standard distribution portal. Historical disclosures (for up to the past three years) 
will be provided upon request.
Citi Research Equity Ratings Distribution
12 Month Rating
Catalyst Watch
Data current as of 01 Jul 2026
Buy
Hold
Sell
Buy
Hold
Sell
Citi Research Global Fundamental Coverage (Neutral=Hold)
61%
32%
7%
36%
48%
16%
% of companies in each rating category that are investment banking 
clients
38%
42%
27%
42%
37%
36%
Guide to Citi Research Fundamental Research Investment Ratings:
Citi Research stock recommendations include an investment rating and an optional risk rating to highlight high risk stocks.
Risk rating takes into account both price volatility and fundamental criteria. Stocks will either have no risk rating or a High risk 
rating assigned.
Investment Ratings: Citi Research investment ratings are Buy, Neutral and Sell. Our ratings are a function of analyst 
expectations of expected total return ("ETR") and risk. ETR is the sum of the forecast price appreciation (or depreciation) plus 
the dividend yield for a stock within the next 12 months.  The target price is based on a 12 month time horizon. The Investment 
rating definitions are: Buy (1) ETR of 15% or more or 25% or more for High risk stocks; and Sell (3) for negative ETR. Any covered 
stock not assigned a Buy or a Sell is a Neutral (2). For stocks rated Neutral (2), if an analyst believes that there are insufficient 


[Page 10]
 
10
valuation drivers and/or investment catalysts to derive a positive or negative investment view, they may elect with the approval 
of Citi Research management not to assign a target price and, thus, not derive an ETR. Citi Research may suspend its rating 
and target price and assign “Rating Suspended” status for regulatory and/or internal policy reasons. Citi Research may also 
suspend its rating and target price and assign "Under Review" status for other exceptional circumstances (e.g. lack of 
information critical to the analyst's thesis, trading suspension) affecting the company and/or trading in the company's 
securities. In both such situations, the rating and target price will show as “—“ and “-“ respectively in the rating history price 
chart. Prior to 11 April 2022 Citi Research assigned “Under Review” status to both situations and prior to 11 Nov 2020 only in 
exceptional circumstances. As soon as practically possible, the analyst will publish a note re-establishing a rating and 
investment thesis. Investment ratings are determined by the ranges described above at the time of initiation of coverage, a 
change in investment and/or risk rating, or a change in target price (subject to limited management discretion). At times, the 
expected total returns may fall outside of these ranges because of market price movements and/or other short-term volatility 
or trading patterns. Such interim deviations will be permitted but will become subject to review by Research Management. 
Your decision to buy or sell a security should be based upon your personal investment objectives and should be made only 
after evaluating the stock's expected performance and risk.
Catalyst Watch/Short Term Views (“STV”) Ratings Disclosure:
Catalyst Watch and STV Upside/Downside calls: Citi Research may also include a Catalyst Watch or STV Upside or Downside 
call to indicate the analyst expects the share price to rise (fall) in absolute terms over a specified period of 30 or 90 days in 
reaction to one or more specific near-term catalysts or events impacting the company or the market. A Catalyst Watch will be 
published when Analyst confidence is high that an impact to share price will occur; it will be a STV when confidence level is 
moderate. A Catalyst Watch or STV Upside/Downside call will automatically expire at the end of the specified 30/90 day 
period. The Catalyst Watch will also be automatically removed if share price performance (calculated at market close) exceeds 
15% against the direction of the call (unless over-ridden by the analyst). The analyst may also remove a Catalyst Watch or STV 
call prior to the end of the specified period in a published research note. A Catalyst Watch/STV Upside or Downside call may be 
different from and does not affect a stock’s fundamental equity rating, which reflects a longer-term total absolute return 
expectation. For purposes of FINRA ratings-distribution-disclosure rules, a Catalyst Watch/STV Upside call corresponds to a 
buy recommendation and a Catalyst Watch/STV Downside call corresponds to a sell recommendation. Any stock not assigned 
to a Catalyst Watch Upside, Catalyst Watch Downside, STV Upside, or STV Downside call is considered Catalyst Watch/STV 
No View. For purposes of FINRA ratings distribution-disclosure rules, we correspond Catalyst Watch/STV No View to Hold in 
our ratings distribution table for our Catalyst Watch/STV Upside/Downside rating system. However, we reiterate that we do 
not consider No View to be a recommendation. For all Catalyst Watch/STV Upside/Downside calls, risk exists that the 
catalyst(s) and associated share-price movement will not materialize as expected.
Privately held companies:
The legal entities through which Citi conducts its business do not permit investment research recommendations, ratings, 
target prices, or estimates on any privately held companies (“private companies”) referenced herein. Citi Research does not 
utilize a rating system for private companies. Any information on private companies in this report is based on generally 
available information and, although obtained from sources believed by Citi to be reliable, its accuracy and completeness are 
not guaranteed. Private companies are generally not subject to reporting obligations, which may result in less publicly available 
information. The information contained in this report may differ from information a private company may subsequently make 
public or otherwise share with investors. Continuation of publishing private company reports or private company sections 
within reports is at Citi's discretion, in accordance with internal policies.
OTHER DISCLOSURES
Any price(s) of instruments mentioned in recommendations are as of the prior day’s market close on the primary market for the 
instrument, unless otherwise stated.
The completion and first dissemination of any recommendations made within this research report are as of the Eastern date-
time displayed at the top of the Product. If the Product references views of other analysts then please refer to the price chart or 
rating history table for the date/time of completion and first dissemination with respect to that view.
Regulations in various jurisdictions require that where a recommendation differs from any of the author’s previous 
recommendations concerning the same financial instrument or issuer that has been published during the preceding 12-month 
period that the change(s) and the date of that previous recommendation are indicated. For fundamental coverage please refer 
to the price chart or rating change history within this disclosure appendix or the issuer disclosure summary at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures.
Citi Research has implemented policies for identifying, considering and managing potential conflicts of interest arising as a 
result of publication or distribution of investment research. A description of these policies can be found 
at  https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures. 
The proportion of all Citi Research research recommendations that were the equivalent to "Buy","Hold","Sell" at the end of each 
quarter over the prior 12 months (with the % of these that had received investment firm services from Citi in the prior 12 months 
shown in brackets) is as follows; Q2 2026 Buy 33%(63%), Hold 44% (51%), Sell 23% (49%), RV 0.5% (87%): Q1 2026 Buy 33% 
(63%), Hold 44% (52%), Sell 23% (46%), RV 0.5% (89%); Q4 2025 Buy 33% (63%), Hold 44% (50%), Sell 23% (46%), RV 0.4% 
(91%); Q3 2025 Buy 33%(61%), Hold 44% (52%), Sell 23% (50%), RV 0.4% (80%). For the purposes of disclosing 
recommendations other than for equity (whose definitions can be found in the corresponding disclosure sections), "Buy" 
means a positive directional trade idea; "Sell" means a negative directional trade idea; and "Relative Value" means any trade 
idea which does not have a clear direction to the investment strategy.
European regulations require a 5 year price history when past performance of a security is referenced. CitiVelocity’s Charting 
Tool (https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2/#go/CHARTING_3_Equities) provides the facility to create customisable price charts 
including a five year option. This tool can be found in the Data & Analytics section under any of the asset class menus in 


[Page 11]
 
11
CitiVelocity (https://www.citivelocity.com/). For further information contact CitiVelocity support 
(https://www.citivelocity.com/cv2/go/CLIENT_SUPPORT). The source for all referenced prices, unless otherwise stated, is 
DataCentral, which sources price information from LSEG Data & Analytics. Past performance is not a guarantee or reliable 
indicator of future results. Forecasts are not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future performance.
Investors should always consider the investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses of an ETF carefully before 
investing. The applicable prospectus and key investor information document (as applicable) for an ETF should contain this and 
other information about such ETF. It is important to read carefully any such prospectus before investing. Clients may obtain 
prospectuses and key investor information documents for ETFs from the applicable distributor or authorized participant, the 
exchange upon which an ETF is listed and/or from the applicable website of the applicable ETF issuer. The value of the 
investments and any accruing income may fall or rise. Any past performance, prediction or forecast is not indicative of future or 
likely performance. Any information on ETFs contained herein is provided strictly for illustrative purposes and should not be 
deemed an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase units of any ETF either explicitly or implicitly. The opinions 
expressed are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of ETF issuers, any of their agents or their affiliates.
Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited and/or its affiliates may have, from time to time, actual or beneficial ownership 
of 1% or more in the debt securities of the subject issuer.
Please be advised that pursuant to Executive Order 13959 as amended (the “Order”), U.S. persons are prohibited from 
investing in securities of any company determined by the United States Government to be the subject of the Order. This 
research is not intended to be used or relied upon in any way that could result in a violation of the Order. Investors are 
encouraged to rely upon their own legal counsel for advice on compliance with the Order and other economic sanctions 
programs administered and enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department.
This communication is directed at persons who are "Eligible Clients" as such term is defined in the Israeli Regulation of 
Investment Advice, Investment Marketing and Investment Portfolio Management law, 1995 (the "Advisory Law"). Within Israel, 
this communication is not intended for retail clients and Citi will not make such products or transactions available to retail 
clients or to non-Eligible Clients. The presenter is not licensed as investment advisor or investment marketer by the Israeli 
Securities Authority (“ISA”) and this communication does not constitute investment or marketing advice. The information 
contained herein may relate to matters that are not regulated by the ISA. Any securities which are the subject of this 
communication may not be offered or sold to any Israeli person except pursuant to a security offering exemption according to 
the Israeli Securities Law, 1968and the public offering rules provided thereunder.
Citi Research broadly and simultaneously disseminates its research content to the Firm’s institutional and retail clients via the 
Firm’s proprietary electronic distribution platforms (e.g., Citi Velocity and various Global Wealth platforms). As a convenience, 
certain, but not all, research content may be distributed through third party aggregators. Clients may receive published 
research reports by email, on a discretionary basis, and only after such research content has been broadly disseminated. 
Certain research is made available only to institutional investors to satisfy regulatory requirements. The level and types of 
services provided by Citi Research analysts to clients may vary depending on various factors such as the client’s individual 
preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communications from analysts, the client’s risk profile and investment 
focus and perspective (e.g. market-wide, sector specific, long term, short-term etc.), the size and scope of the overall client 
relationship with the Firm and legal and regulatory constraints.
Pursuant to Comissão de Valores Mobiliários Resolução 20 and ASIC Regulatory Guide 264, Citi is required to disclose whether 
a Citi related company or business has a commercial relationship with the subject company. Considering that Citi operates 
multiple businesses in more than 100 countries around the world, it is likely that Citi has a commercial relationship with the 
subject company.
Securities recommended, offered, or sold by the Firm: (i) are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) are 
not deposits or other obligations of any insured depository institution (including Citibank); and (iii) are subject to investment 
risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. The Product is for informational purposes only and is not 
intended as an offer or solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security. Any decision to purchase securities mentioned in the 
Product must take into account existing public information on such security or any registered prospectus. Although 
information has been obtained from and is based upon sources that the Firm believes to be reliable, we do not guarantee its 
accuracy and it may be incomplete and condensed. Note, however, that the Firm has taken all reasonable steps to determine 
the accuracy and completeness of the disclosures made in the Important Disclosures section of the Product. The Firm's 
research department has received assistance from the subject company(ies) referred to in this Product including, but not 
limited to, discussions with management of the subject company(ies). Firm policy prohibits research analysts from sending 
draft research to subject companies. However, it should be presumed that the author of the Product has had discussions with 
the subject company to ensure factual accuracy prior to publication. Statements and views concerning ESG (environmental, 
social, governance) factors are typically based upon public statements made by the affected company or other public news, 
which the author may not have independently verified. ESG factors are one consideration that investors may choose to 
examine when making investment decisions. All opinions, projections and estimates constitute the judgment of the author as 
of the date of the Product and these, plus any other information contained in the Product, are subject to change without 
notice. Prices and availability of financial instruments also are subject to change without notice. Notwithstanding other 
departments within the Firm advising the companies discussed in this Product, information obtained in such role is not used in 
the preparation of the Product. Although Citi Research does not set a predetermined frequency for publication, if the Product is 
a fundamental equity or credit research report, it is the intention of Citi Research to provide research coverage of the covered 
issuers, including in response to news affecting the issuer. For non-fundamental research reports, Citi Research may not 
provide regular updates to the views, recommendations and facts included in the reports. Notwithstanding that Citi Research 
maintains coverage on, makes recommendations concerning or discusses issuers, Citi Research may be periodically restricted 
from referencing certain issuers due to legal or policy reasons. Where a component of a published trade idea is subject to a 


[Page 12]
 
12
restriction, the trade idea will be removed from any list of open trade ideas included in the Product. Upon the lifting of the 
restriction, the trade idea will either be re-instated in the open trade ideas list if the analyst continues to support it or it will be 
officially closed. Citi Research may provide different research products and services to different classes of customers (for 
example, based upon long-term or short-term investment horizons) that may lead to differing conclusions or 
recommendations that could impact the price of a security contrary to the recommendations in the alternative research 
product, provided that each is consistent with the rating system for each respective product.
Investing in non-U.S. securities, including ADRs, may entail certain risks. The securities of non-U.S. issuers may not be 
registered with, nor be subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. There may be 
limited information available on foreign securities. Foreign companies are generally not subject to uniform audit and reporting 
standards, practices and requirements comparable to those in the U.S. Securities of some foreign companies may be less 
liquid and their prices more volatile than securities of comparable U.S. companies. In addition, exchange rate movements may 
have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in a foreign stock and its corresponding dividend payment for U.S. 
investors. Net dividends to ADR investors are estimated, using withholding tax rates conventions, deemed accurate, but 
investors are urged to consult their tax advisor for exact dividend computations. Investors who have received the Product from 
the Firm may be prohibited in certain states or other jurisdictions from purchasing securities mentioned in the Product from 
the Firm. Please ask your Financial Consultant for additional details. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. takes responsibility for the 
Product in the United States. Any orders by US investors resulting from the information contained in the Product may be 
placed only through Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
The Citigroup legal entity that takes responsibility for the production of the Product is the legal entity which the first 
named author is employed by. 
The Product is made available in Australia through Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited. (ABN 64 003 114 832 and 
AFSL No. 240992), participant of the ASX Group and regulated by the Australian Securities & Investments Commission. 
Citigroup Centre, 2 Park Street, Sydney, NSW 2000. Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited is not an Authorised 
Deposit-Taking Institution under the Banking Act 1959, nor is it regulated by the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority.
The Product is made available in Brazil by Citigroup Global Markets Brasil - CCTVM SA, which is regulated by CVM - Comissão 
de Valores Mobiliários ("CVM"), BACEN - Brazilian Central Bank, APIMEC - Associação dos Analistas e Profissionais de 
Investimento do Mercado de Capitais and ANBIMA – Associação Brasileira das Entidades dos Mercados Financeiro e de 
Capitais. Av. Paulista, 1111 - 14º andar(parte) - CEP: 01311920 - São Paulo - SP. 
This Product is available in Chile through Banchile Corredores de Bolsa S.A., an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is 
regulated by the Comisión Para El Mercado Financiero. Enrique Foster Sur, 20, piso 6, Las Condes, Santiago, Chile. 
Disclosure for investors in the Republic of Colombia :This communication or message does not constitute a professional 
recommendation to make investment in the terms of article 2.40.1.1.2 of Decree 2555 de 2010 or the regulations that modify, 
substitute or complement it. Para la elaboración y distribución de informes de investigación y de comunicaciones generales de 
que trata este artículo no se requiere ser una entidad vigilada por la Superintendencia Financiera de Colombia.
The Product is made available in Germany by Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG ("CGME"), which is regulated by the 
European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt fur 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht BaFin). Börsenplatz 9, 60313 Frankfurt am Main, Germany.
Unless otherwise specified, if the analyst who prepared this report is based in Hong Kong and it relates to “securities” (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap.571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)), the report is issued in Hong Kong by 
Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited. Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited is regulated by Hong Kong Securities and Futures 
Commission. If the report is prepared by a non-Hong Kong based analyst, please note that such analyst (and the legal entity 
that the analyst is employed by or accredited to) is not licensed/registered in Hong Kong and they do not hold themselves out 
as such. Please refer to the section “Research Analyst Affiliations / Non-US Research Analyst Disclosures” for the details of the 
employment entity of the analysts. 
The Product is made available in India by Citigroup Global Markets India Private Limited (CGM), which is regulated by the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), as a Research Analyst (SEBI Registration No. INH000000438). CGM is also 
actively involved in the business of merchant banking (SEBI Registration No. INM000010718) and stock brokerage ((SEBI 
Registration No. INZ000263033) in India, and is registered with SEBI in this regard. Registration granted by SEBI, enlistment 
with Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and certification from National Institute of Securities Markets (NISM) in no way guarantee 
performance of the intermediary or provide any assurance of returns to investors. CGM’s registered office is at 1202, 12th Floor, 
First International Financial Centre (FIFC), G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400098 & registered Tel: 
+91 22 61759999. Citi maintains robust policies, procedures,controls, and training to ensure continued compliance with all 
applicable rulesand regulations. All recommendations contained herein are made by dulyqualified research analysts. CGM’s 
Corporate Identity Number is U99999MH2000PTC126657, and its Compliance Officer [Vishal Bohra] contact details are: 
Tel:+91-022-61759994, Fax:+91-022-61759851, Email: cgmcompliance@citi.com. The Investor Charter in respect of Research 
Analysts, the Compliance Audit Report and Complaints information can be found at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/cvr/eppublic/citi_research_disclosures. The grievance officer [Niraj Mody] contact details are 
Tel: +91-22-42775002, Email: EMEA.CR.Complaints@citi.com. Investment in securities market are subject to market risks. 
Read all the related documents carefully before investing. SEBI prescribed Client Terms & Conditions can be found at 
https://www.citivelocity.com/rendition/authfilelinksvcs/eppublic/V1/file?paramData=ZmlsZU5hbWU9L1MzL0dETVMvcHVi
RGlzY2xvc3VyZUh0bWxzL2dkbV9kaXNfc2ViaV9UZXJtc29mVXNlLmh0bWw
The Product is made available in Indonesia through PT Citigroup Sekuritas Indonesia.  Citibank Tower 10/F, Pacific Century 
Place, SCBD lot 10, Jl. Jend Sudirman Kav 52-53, Jakarta 12190, Indonesia. Neither this Product nor any copy hereof may be 
distributed in Indonesia or to any Indonesian citizens wherever they are domiciled or to Indonesian residents except in 
compliance with applicable capital market laws and regulations. This Product is not an offer of securities in Indonesia. The 


[Page 13]
 
13
securities referred to in this Product have not been registered with the Capital Market and Financial Services Authority (OJK) 
pursuant to relevant capital market laws and regulations, and may not be offered or sold within the territory of the Republic of 
Indonesia or to Indonesian citizens through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning 
of the Indonesian capital market laws and regulations. 
The Product is made available in Japan by Citigroup Global Markets Japan Inc. ("CGMJ"), which is regulated by Financial 
Services Agency, Securities and Exchange Surveillance Commission, Japan Securities Dealers Association, Tokyo Stock 
Exchange and Osaka Securities Exchange.  Otemachi Park Building, 1-1-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8132 Japan. In the 
event that an error is found in an CGMJ research report, a revised version will be posted on the Firm's Citi Velocity website.  If 
you have questions regarding Citi Velocity, please call (81 3) 6270-3019 for help. 
The product is made available in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in accordance with Saudi laws through Citigroup Saudi Arabia, 
which is regulated by the Capital Market Authority (CMA) under CMA license (17184-31). 2239 Al Urubah Rd – Al Olaya Dist. 
Unit No. 18, Riyadh 12214 – 9597, Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia.
The Product is made available in Korea by Citigroup Global Markets Korea Securities Ltd. (CGMK), which is regulated by the 
Financial Services Commission, the Financial Supervisory Service and the Korea Financial Investment Association (KOFIA). The 
address of CGMK is Citibank Center, 50 Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03184, Korea.   KOFIA makes available registration 
information of research analysts on its website.  Please visit the following website if you wish to find KOFIA registration 
information on research analysts of 
CGMK.  http://dis.kofia.or.kr/websquare/index.jsp?w2xPath=/wq/fundMgr/DISFundMgrAnalystList.xml&divisionId=MDIS0
3002002000000&serviceId=SDIS03002002000. The Product is made available in Korea by Citibank Korea Inc., which is 
regulated by the Financial Services Commission and the Financial Supervisory Service. Address is Citibank Center, 50 
Saemunan-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul 03184, Korea. This research report is intended to be provided only to Professional Investors 
as defined in the Financial Investment Services and Capital Market Act and its Enforcement Decree in Korea. 
The Product is made available in Malaysia by Citigroup Global Markets Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Registration No. 199801004692 
(460819-D)) (“CGMM”) to its clients and CGMM takes responsibility for its contents as regards CGMM’s clients. CGMM is 
regulated by the Securities Commission Malaysia. Please contact CGMM at Level 43 Menara Citibank, 165 Jalan Ampang, 
50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection with, the Product. 
The Product is made available in Mexico by Citi México Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V., Grupo Financiero Citi México which is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and is regulated by Comision Nacional Bancaria y de Valores. Prolongación Reforma 
1196, 24 floor, Colonia Santa Fe, Alcaldía Cuajimalpa de Morelos, C.P. 05348, Ciudad de México.
The Product is made available in Poland by Biuro Maklerskie Banku Handlowego (DMBH), separate department of Bank 
Handlowy w Warszawie S.A. a subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., which is regulated by Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego.  Biuro 
Maklerskie Banku Handlowego (DMBH), ul.Senatorska 16, 00-923 Warszawa. 
The Product is made available in Singapore through Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. (“CGMSPL”), a capital 
markets services and Exempt Financial Advisor license holder, and regulated by Monetary Authority of Singapore. Please 
contact CGMSPL at 8 Marina View, 21st Floor Asia Square Tower 1, Singapore 018960, in respect of any matters arising from, 
or in connection with, the analysis of this document. This Product is intended for recipients who are accredited, expert and 
institutional investors as defined under the Securities and Futures Act 2001. For Citi Private Bank, the Product is made 
available in Singapore by Citi Private Bank through Citibank, N.A., Singapore Branch. Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch is a 
licensed bank in Singapore that is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Please contact your Private Banker in 
Citibank N.A., Singapore Branch if you have any queries on or any matters arising from or in connection with this document. 
The Product is intended for recipients who are accredited, expert and institutional investors as defined under the Securities 
and Futures Act 2001. For Citibank Singapore Limited (“CSL”), the Product is distributed in Singapore by CSL to selected 
Citigold/Citigold Private Clients. CSL provides no independent research or analysis of the substance or in preparation of the 
Product. Please contact your Citigold//Citigold Private Client Relationship Manager in CSL if you have any queries on or any 
matters arising from or in connection with this document. The Product is intended for recipients who are accredited investors 
as defined under the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289).
Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) Ltd. is incorporated in the Republic of South Africa (company registration number 
2000/025866/07) and its registered office is at 145 West Street, Sandton, 2196, Saxonwold. Citigroup Global Markets (Pty) 
Ltd. is regulated by JSE Securities Exchange South Africa, South African Reserve Bank and the Financial Services Board.  The 
investments and services contained herein are not available to private customers in South Africa. 
The Product is made available in the Republic of China (Taiwan) through Citigroup Global Markets Taiwan Securities 
Company Ltd. ("CGMTS"), 14F, 15F and 16F, No. 1, Songzhi Road, Taipei 110, Taiwan, subject to the license scope and the 
applicable laws and regulations in the Republic of China (Taiwan). CGMTS is regulated by the Securities and Futures Bureau of 
the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan, the Republic of China (Taiwan). No portion of the Product may be reproduced 
or quoted in the Republic of China (Taiwan) by the press or any third parties [without the written authorization of CGMTS]. 
Pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations in the Republic of China (Taiwan), the recipient of the Product shall not take 
advantage of such Product to involve in any matters in which the recipient may have conflicts of interest. If the Product covers 
securities which are not allowed to be offered or traded in the Republic of China (Taiwan), neither the Product nor any 
information contained in the Product shall be considered as advertising the securities or making recommendation of the 
securities in the Republic of China (Taiwan). The Product is for informational purposes only and is not intended as an offer or 
solicitation for the purchase or sale of a security or financial products. Any decision to purchase securities or financial products 
mentioned in the Product must take into account existing public information on such security or the financial products or any 
registered prospectus. 


[Page 14]
 
14
The Product is made available in Thailand through Citicorp Securities (Thailand) Ltd., which is regulated by the Securities and 
Exchange Commission of Thailand.  399 Interchange 21 Building, 18th Floor, Sukhumvit Road, Klongtoey Nua, Wattana 
,Bangkok 10110, Thailand. 
Disclosure for investors in the Republic of Turkey: The Product is made available in Turkey through Citibank AS which is 
regulated by Capital Markets Board. Tekfen Tower, Eski Buyukdere Caddesi # 209 Kat 2B, 23294 Levent, Istanbul, Turkey. 
Under Capital Markets Law of Turkey (Law No: 6362), the investment information, comments and recommendations stated 
here, are not within the scope of investment advisory activity. Comments and recommendations stated here rely on the 
individual opinions of the ones providing these comments and recommendations. These opinions may not fit to your financial 
status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying solely to this information stated 
here may not bring about outcomes that fit your expectations. Furthermore, Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. (the “Firm”), which does and seeks to do business with companies and/or trades on securities covered in this 
research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the Firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the 
objectivity of this report, however investors should also note that the Firm has in place organisational and administrative 
arrangements to manage potential conflicts of interest of this nature.
In the U.A.E, these materials (the "Materials") are communicated byCitigroup Global Markets Limited, DIFC branch ("CGML"), 
an entityregistered in the Dubai International Financial Center ("DIFC") andlicensed and regulated by the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority ("DFSA",license #CL0221) to Professional Clients and Market Counterparties, as definedin DFSA 
regulations, only and should not be relied upon or distributed toRetail Clients.  Financial products and/or services to which the 
Materialsrelate will only be made available to Professional Clients and MarketCounterparties. Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited DIFC Branch registered addressis Level 3, Gate District Building 02, Dubai International Financial Centre andcan be 
contacted on +971 4 509 97 90.
The Product is made available in United Kingdom by Citigroup Global Markets Limited, which is authorised by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA.  This material may relate 
to investments or services of a person outside of the UK or to other matters which are not authorised by the PRA nor regulated 
by the FCA and the PRA and further details as to where this may be the case are available upon request in respect of this 
material. Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London, E14 5LB. 
The Product is made available in United States and Canada by Citigroup Global Markets Inc., which is a member of FINRA and 
registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013.  
Unless specified to the contrary, within EU Member States, the Product is made available by Citigroup Global Markets Europe 
AG ("CGME"), which is regulated by the European Central Bank and the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht-BaFin). 
The Product is not to be construed as providing investment services in any jurisdiction where the provision of such services 
would not be permitted.
Subject to the nature and contents of the Product, the investments described therein are subject to fluctuations in price 
and/or value and investors may get back less than originally invested. Certain high-volatility investments can be subject to 
sudden and large falls in value that could equal or exceed the amount invested.The yield and average life of CMOs 
(collateralized mortgage obligations) referenced in this Product will fluctuate depending on the actual rate at which mortgage 
holders prepay the mortgages underlying the CMO and changes in current interest rates. Any government agency backing of 
the CMO applies only to the face value of the CMO and not to any premium paid. Certain investments contained in the Product 
may have tax implications for private customers whereby levels and basis of taxation may be subject to change. If in doubt, 
investors should seek advice from a tax adviser. The Product does not purport to identify the nature of the specific market or 
other risks associated with a particular transaction. Advice in the Product is general and should not be construed as personal 
advice given it has been prepared without taking account of the objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular 
investor. Accordingly, investors should, before acting on the advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice, having regard 
to their objectives, financial situation and needs. Prior to acquiring any financial product, it is the client's responsibility to 
obtain the relevant offer document for the product and consider it before making a decision as to whether to purchase the 
product.
Card Insights. Where this report references Card Insights data, Card Insights consists of selected data from a subset of Citi’s 
proprietary credit card transactions. Such data has undergone rigorous security protocols to keep all customer information 
confidential and secure; the data is highly aggregated and anonymized so that all unique customer identifiable information is 
removed from the data prior to receipt by the report’s author or distribution to external parties. This data should be considered 
in the context of other economic indicators and publicly available information. Further, the selected data represents only a 
subset of Citi’s proprietary credit card transactions due to the selection methodology or other limitations and should not be 
considered as indicative or predictive of the past or future financial performance of Citi or its credit card business.
Citi Research product may source data from dataCentral. dataCentral is a Citi Research proprietary database, which includes 
the Firm's estimates, data from company reports and feeds from LSEG Data & Analytics. The source for all referenced prices, 
unless otherwise stated, is DataCentral. Past performance is not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future results. Forecasts 
are not a guarantee or reliable indicator of future performance. The printed and printable version of the research report may not 
include all the information <(e.g. certain financial summary information and comparable company data) that is linked to the 
online version available on the Firm's proprietary electronic distribution platforms.
Where included in this report, MSCI sourced information is the exclusive property of Morgan Stanley Capital International Inc. 
(MSCI). Without prior written permission of MSCI, this information and any other MSCI intellectual property may not be 
reproduced, redisseminated or used to create any financial products, including any indices. This information is provided on an 
"as is" basis. The user assumes the entire risk of any use made of this information. MSCI, its affiliates and any third party 
involved in, or related to, computing or compiling the information hereby expressly disclaim all warranties of originality, 


[Page 15]
 
15
accuracy, completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to any of this information. Without 
limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall MSCI, any of its affiliates or any third party involved in, or related to, computing 
or compiling the information have any liability for any damages of any kind. MSCI, Morgan Stanley Capital International and 
the MSCI indexes are services marks of MSCI and its affiliates. Where data is attributed to Morningstar that data is © 2026 
Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. That information: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may 
not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content 
providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The Firm accepts no liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties. The Product may provide the addresses of, or contain 
hyperlinks to, websites. Except to the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm has not 
reviewed the linked site. Equally, except to the extent to which the Product refers to website material of the Firm, the Firm 
takes no responsibility for, and makes no representations or warranties whatsoever as to, the data and information contained 
therein. Such address or hyperlink (including addresses or hyperlinks to website material of the Firm) is provided solely for your 
convenience and information and the content of the linked site does not in any way form part of this document. Accessing 
such website or following such link through the Product or the website of the Firm shall be at your own risk and the Firm shall 
have no liability arising out of, or in connection with, any such referenced website.
© 2026 Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi Research is a division of Citigroup Global Markets Inc. Citi and Citi and Arc Design are 
trademarks and service marks of Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates and are used and registered throughout the world. All rights 
reserved. The research data in this report are not intended to be used for the purpose of (a) determining the price of or amounts 
due in respect of (or to value) one or more financial products or instruments and/or (b) measuring or comparing the 
performance of, or defining the asset allocation of a financial product, a portfolio of financial instruments, or a collective 
investment undertaking, and any such use is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of Citi Research. Any 
unauthorized use, duplication, redistribution or disclosure of this report (the “Product”), including, but not limited to, 
redistribution of the Product by electronic mail, posting of the Product on a website or page, and/or providing to a third party a 
link to the Product, is prohibited by law and will result in prosecution. The information contained in the Product is intended 
solely for the recipient and may not be further distributed by the recipient to any third party.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
