[Page 1]
 
Deutsche Bank 
 
 
Research   
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. UNTIL 19th MARCH 2021 
INCOMPLETE DISCLOSURE INFORMATION MAY HAVE BEEN DISPLAYED, PLEASE SEE APPENDIX 1 FOR FURTHER DETAILS.  
 DB 
 
Economics 
Focus Europe 
Date 
10 September 2026 
ECB Reaction: Not done yet 
• 
As expected, the ECB hiked 25bp to 2.50% in September. President 
Lagarde called the decision a “no-brainer”. The September policy 
announcement had hawkish and not as hawkish elements. Overall, the 
message and tone are consistent with our call that the ECB hikes again 
to a terminal rate of 2.75% in December.  
• 
Core inflation is projected to be 30bp above target at the end of the 
forecast horizon, implying the tightening cycle is not over yet. The 
comment about inflation being “well above target for an extended 
period” implies persistence. Within the ECB’s policy framework, this is 
consistent with a move away from a “measured” response towards a 
more “forceful” response. That is, a rising willingness to hike above 
neutral into mildly restrictive territory. 
• 
At the same time, President Lagarde didn’t want to feed the market’s 
already hawkish pricing. When asked, Lagarde would not repeat what she 
said in July about the market understanding the ECB reaction function. 
Moreover, Lagarde said the Governing Council was not taking a view on 
the direction of policy going forward. We are inclined to interpret both 
comments as Lagarde sticking more closely to the ECB’s “data-
dependent, meeting by meeting, no precommitment” mantra. Neither 
rules out a hike to 2.75% in December. 
• 
The risks are two-sided. On the one side, if the data weakens, it’s possible 
the ECB stops at 2.50%. But the onus is now on the data to weaken 
quickly to stop the ECB hiking again. It’s not impossible. High energy 
prices could trigger demand destruction. It’s a question of how much and 
when. On the other side, further hikes feel difficult when there is no 
evidence of second round effects and no compelling evidence of indirect 
effects. But if growth remains resilient, neutral rates rise and energy 
prices remain elevated, maybe rates do rise to 3%+. 
A tale of two halves: one more hawkish, one not as hawkish 
As expected, the ECB hiked 25bp to 2.50% in September. President Lagarde 
called the decision a “no-brainer”. We continue to expect another hike to 2.75% 
in December. We don’t see a further hike as inconsistent with the September 
policy announcement, which admittedly was a tale of two halves: one more 
hawkish, one not as hawkish.  
The monetary policy decision – the short statement released at 14:15 CET – 
leaned more hawkish. First, there were upgrades to the staff macro projections 
for growth and inflation. In particular, core HICP is projected at 2.3% in 2028 
Mark Wall 
Chief Economist 
+44-20-754-52087 
 
Clemente Delucia 
Senior Economist 
+39-02-402-43012 
 
Peter Sidorov, CFA 
Senior Economist 
+1-585-615-0253 
 
Yacine Rouimi 
Senior Economist 
+44-20-754-71014 
 
Michael Kirker 
Economist 
+44-20-754-72237 
 
Maria Contreras 
Economist 
+44-20-754-74120 
 
Kuhumita Bhattacharya 
Research Associate 
 
Hema Kumari 
Research Associate 
 


[Page 2]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 2 
 
(including in the final quarter of 2028, the end point of the forecast horizon). This 
is clearly above target.  
Second, the statement text referred to inflation remaining “well above target for 
an extended period”. This is new language relative to prior statements and is 
consistent with the ECB expecting more persistent inflation. With the ECB’s 
policy framework, greater persistence is consistent with a move away from a 
“measured” response towards a more “forceful” response. This could be 
interpreted as a willingness to hike above neutral into mildly restrictive territory.  
 
Figure 1: ECB macroeconomic projections - September 2026 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
 
The statement also dropped the prior reference to the need to monitor indirect 
and second round effects. The absence of this language implies the ECB may not 
need evidence of indirect and second round effects to tighten policy further – or 
does not want to be bound by evidence before acting again.  
The more extended monetary policy statement at the start of the 14:45 CET press 
conference contained a few more hawkish nuances, on balance: more positive 
language on growth and the labour market (hawkish); no material response by 
wages to the energy shock “at this stage” (hawkish); gas prices and El Nino added 
as upside inflation risks (hawkish); spillovers from global bond markets (dovish).  
However, President Lagarde’s Q&A in the press conference did not follow 
through and reinforce the hawkishness.  
In particular, when asked, Lagarde did not say directly that the market 
understands the ECB reaction function, a statement she had been willing to make 
at the July press conference when the market was pricing a terminal rate of about 
2.85%. Moreover, Lagarde said the Governing Council was not taking a view on 
the direction of policy going forward. 
The first comment implies Lagarde is more cautious about directly endorsing 
market pricing now (before the press conference the terminal rate was priced at 
3.15%, rising to 3.40% after the press conference). The second comment we 
would not interpret literally. Overall, we are inclined to interpret both comments 


[Page 3]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 3 
 
as Lagarde sticking more closely to the ECB’s “data-dependent, meeting by 
meeting, no precommitment” mantra.  
If there is a consensus view on the Governing Council that 2.50% marks the upper 
end of the neutral range – consistent with what Philip Lane said earlier this year 
about the staff estimates of neutral – it might make sense for the ECB to be more 
vague about where policy is going now that rates are on the verge of being 
restrictive.  
However, in the press conference Lagarde appeared to push back at the 
relevance of neutral rates for ECB real-time policy making and made their level 
somewhat blurry. This could be interpreted as Lagarde not wanting policy 
decisions to be constrained by where neutral may or may not be.  
ECB reaction function points to another hike in December 
Ultimately, the ECB will decide policy on the basis of the inflation outlook 
(including the risks to inflation), underlying inflation and transmission – not on 
where it thinks neutral rates are when they are not directly observable.  
In terms of transmission, it’s not obvious that the policy stance is restrictive (even 
allowing for lags). Credit is growing, contrary to the message from the Bank 
Lending Survey. Market-based financial conditions have tightened only modestly, 
despite the increase in global bond yields.  
Underlying inflation remains broadly stable, which is good news. Wage indicators 
and inflation expectations are not challenging the ECB.  
But the inflation outlook has worsened. Because of higher energy prices, headline 
inflation is set to remain well above target for an extended period, with the return 
to target delayed to Q4 2027 (September forecast) from Q3 2027 (June forecast). 
The risk is, the longer inflation remains elevated, the greater the risk of spillover 
effects, especially if growth remains resilient.  
The bottom line is, if the current outlook continues to hold in December, the ECB 
will hike again to 2.75% - in line with our call. In our view, the September policy 
statement and press conference were consistent with a December hike being 
more likely than not.  
Moreover, this mix of data is consistent with a quarterly pace of hikes. To think an 
October hike is in play would need rapid and clear evidence of indirect and in 
particular second round inflation. 
Two-sided risks 
There are two-sided risks to the view of 2.75% being the peak rate for the ECB.  
It’s possible that if energy prices subside, inflation forecasts decline, growth 
weakness, credit tightens, etc, that the ECB does not hike again and rates peak at 
2.50%. The onus is on the data to prevent a December hike, however, not to prove 
the need to hike. This weaker data needs to emerge quickly. 
A 2.50% peak rate is not necessarily a tail risk, though. The ECB needs to tread 
carefully. The higher energy prices go, the more likely is demand destruction. The 
resilience of growth could be tested. 
We continue to find 3%+ rates difficult to rationalise. If 2.50% is the upper end of 
neutral, 3%+ rates implies outright restrictiveness. This is not obviously needed 


[Page 4]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 4 
 
when there is no evidence of second round effects and no compelling evidence of 
indirect effects. But if growth remains resilient, neutral rates rise and energy 
prices remain elevated, the ECB might keep tightening beyond 2.75%. To stop, 
the ECB needs to view policy as restrictive and inflation risks to subside. 
ECB staff macro projections 
Growth outlook: ECB turns more optimistic on near-term activity 
The ECB has revised up its GDP growth projections, broadly in line with our 
expectations for the September staff forecasts. The ECB now expects growth of 
0.9% in 2026 (from 0.8%) and 1.4% in 2027 (from 1.2%), while leaving 2028 
unchanged.  
The quarterly profile shows that Q1 2026 turned 0.2pp weaker than what the ECB 
had in June, somewhat compensated, however, by a 0.2pp stronger Q2 GDP 
growth. If past revisions left H1 growth basically unchanged, the September 
projections show that the ECB has become more constructive on the second half 
of the year, revising growth higher by 0.1pp in both Q3 and Q4. The stronger H2 
profile also provides a positive carry-over into 2027, which remains largely 
unchanged on a quarterly basis.  
In effect, the ECB sees growth running at, or slightly above, potential in Q3 and 
accelerating to above-potential rates from Q4 onwards, with quarterly growth 
averaging 0.4% through to H2 2028. In other words, the ECB has become more 
optimistic about the near-term outlook while leaving the underlying growth profile 
for 2027 and 2028 broadly unchanged. 
What has changed? 
The ECB has become more positive on domestic demand. For private 
consumption, the revision reflects stronger real disposable income growth, 
supported by more favourable employment and wage assumptions than in June. 
Real disposable income growth was revised up by 0.3pp in 2026 and by 0.1pp in 
2027. Importantly, the ECB left its savings assumptions unchanged. As a result, 
the upward revision to consumption growth this year (+0.2pp) is primarily driven 
by a stronger labour market outlook. 
The ECB also expects stronger government consumption in the near term, largely 
reflecting better-than-expected developments in the first half of the year. 
Government consumption is then projected to ease in 2027, reflecting the 
phasing-out of NextGenerationEU spending and higher public-sector savings, 
particularly in France. It is worth noting, however, that the ECB left its overall 
assessment of the fiscal stance broadly unchanged for both this year and next. 
Investment projections were revised up in 2027, while remaining broadly 
unchanged in 2026. Nevertheless, the near-term investment outlook has 
improved, particularly during the second half of this year, generating a favourable 
carry-over into next year. Key drivers include AI-related digital investment, 
defence spending and infrastructure expenditure, especially in Germany. 
 
 


[Page 5]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 5 
 
Figure 2: ECB staff macroeconomic projections along with alternate scenarios 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
 
Risks remain to the downside 
The ECB continues to judge growth risks to the downside, largely linked to the 
conflict in the Middle East. However, via the analysis of the September staff 
projections it seems to emerge that the ECB is somewhat less concerned about 
the adverse effects of inflation on household purchasing power and business 
investment than in previous forecast rounds. The recent improvement in 
confidence indicators is consistent with this assessment. 
Interestingly, the ECB argues that stronger global demand is being driven largely 
by the AI investment boom. While Europe should benefit from firmer external 
demand, the gains may be more limited than elsewhere given the relatively small 


[Page 6]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 6 
 
size of Europe's AI-related goods sectors, a conclusion that broadly aligns with 
our own analysis. 
Alternative scenarios 
As in previous forecast rounds, the ECB presented a set of alternative scenarios 
(see Figure 2 for details and oil price assumptions). 
The difference between the baseline and milder scenarios is extremely limited. 
The quarterly GDP profiles appear broadly identical at the first decimal place, 
suggesting that most of the variation is likely driven by second-decimal 
differences. As a result, annual growth is only marginally higher in the milder 
scenario in both 2027 and 2028. 
The adverse scenario is broadly consistent with Bloomberg consensus 
expectations. Under this scenario, growth remains around 0.2-0.3pp below the 
baseline through 2026 and 2027, before gradually recovering and reaching a 
quarterly growth rate of 0.4% by late 2028. Annual GDP growth would average 
0.9% in 2026, 1.1% in 2027 (compared with Bloomberg consensus of 1.2%), and 
1.4% in 2028, broadly in line with consensus expectations. 
The severe scenario, by contrast, is consistent with a recessionary environment. 
The ECB projects GDP to contract in Q4 2026 and remain broadly stagnant 
through the first half of 2027. From late 2027 onwards, however, growth is 
expected to recover and return to rates above potential. 
In other words, of the four scenarios presented by the ECB, two imply growth 
outcomes above consensus (the baseline and milder scenarios), one is broadly in 
line with consensus (the adverse scenario), and only one points to materially 
weaker growth. To some extent, this distribution highlights the ECB's increasing 
confidence in the resilience of the euro area growth outlook. 
Inflation 
Inflation projections were revised higher over the medium term, broadly as 
expected. The ECB staff now expects headline HICP to average 3.0% in 2026 
(unch.), 2.5% in 2027 (+0.2pp) and 2.1% in 2028 (+0.1pp). The revision for next 
year was smaller than we had expected, largely reflecting a more moderate 
energy-price profile. Keep in mind, however, that these projections are based on 
technical assumptions set over a 10-day window ending on 19 August, when oil 
was at USD92 per barrel (bbl) and gas was at EUR64 per MWh. At today’s 
commodity prices – USD105/bbl and EUR83/MWh, respectively – these 
forecasts would be higher.  
Core HICP is still expected to average 2.5% in 2026 (we thought a slight 
downward revision was possible) but it has been revised up to 2.6% in 2027 and 
2.3% in 2028 (+0.1pp in both cases), effectively remaining at 2.3% in 4Q28. The 
ECB staff appear to have made little change to the assessment of the indirect and 
second-round effects from the energy shock relative to the June forecasts. 
Instead, the staff attribute the medium-term upward revisions to core HICP 
mainly to stronger economic activity and somewhat higher wage growth. By 
component, core goods inflation was revised higher in 2026 (+0.1pp to 1.0%) and 
2027 (+0.2pp to 1.7%) while services inflation was revised up only in 2028 (+0.1pp 
to 2.9%). 


[Page 7]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 7 
 
The updated alternative scenarios imply the following paths for headline inflation: 
Under the milder scenario, headline HICP is assumed to be 0.1pp lower than in 
the baseline in 2026 (2.9%), 0.6pp lower in 2027 (1.9%) and 0.3pp lower in 2028 
(1.8%). 
Under the adverse scenario, headline HICP would be +0.1pp in 2026 (3.1%), 
+0.7pp in 2027 (3.2%) and +0.2pp in 2028 (2.3%).   
Under the severe scenario, headline HICP would be significantly and persistently 
higher: +0.3pp in 2026 (3.3%), +2.9pp in 2027 (5.4%) and +1.1pp in 2028 (3.2%).  
 
Figure 3: ECB projections: Headline HICP 
Figure 4: ECB projections: Core HICP 
 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
Source: Deutsche Bank Research 
 
Labour market  
The September 2026 staff projections show a highly resilient euro area labour 
market benefiting from a stronger starting point and robust economic activity. 
The unemployment rate is projected to fall from 6.2% in 2026, 6.1% in 2027, and 
reach a new historic low of 5.9% by 2028. This path is revised down by 0.1 
percentage points across the horizon (compared to June). Annual employment 
growth was also revised up in the near-term, aligning with the improved output 
outlook. 
Tight labour market conditions are keeping wage pressures elevated. Wage 
growth is expected to be stickier than previously projected, driven by an upward 
data surprise in Q1 2026. Compensation per employee (CPE) is expected to run 
at a flat 3.3% annually over 2026–2028. This represents a 0.1 percentage point 
upward revision from June's baseline. Labour productivity growth is projected to 
remain sluggish at 0.4% in 2026 before recovering to 0.9% in 2027 and 2028. 
However, productivity further out was revised down slightly, keeping 2028 unit 
labour cost (ULC) growth elevated at 2.3%. This sticky domestic cost profile 


[Page 8]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 8 
 
contributes to upward revisions in HICP inflation in the latter part of the 
projection. 
For the Governing Council, these tighter labour conditions and persistent 
domestic cost pressures do not suggest second-round effects are imminent (in 
line with what Lagarde said during the press conference). But they do support a 
cautious, hawkish bias, indicating that further rate cuts will likely proceed at a 
highly measured pace, favouring gradualism. 
 
Figure 5: ECB projections: Unit labour costs 
Figure 6: ECB projections: Compensation per employee 
 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
 
DB AI tool 
We have continued to evolve and adjust our AI tool for measuring the 
hawkishness of the ECB.  Under our latest framework, the press statement was 
scored 6/10 for hawkishness (+6 on a scale of: +10 very hawkish, to -10 very 
dovish, with 0 being neutral). That score was little changed from the July 
statement (+5) or the June statement where they last hiked (+6). The AI tool 
described the press statement as “strongly hawkish”, picking up on the comment 
that inflation was set to 'remain well above target for an extended period,' not 
reaching the 2% target even by 2028. 
Based on a live AI transcript, our tool interprets the signal from Lagarde in the 
Q&A session as only “cautiously hawkish” 2/10 for hawkishness (+2). According 
to the tool the hawkishness element stemmed from her surprise about the 
resilience of the economy and acknowledgement that inflation will be "longer 
lasting than we had anticipated". However, her “very strong and repeated refusal 
to offer any forward guidance on the future rate path” and repeated deflection of 
questions about future moves created deliberate ambiguity, tempering the overall 
hawkishness of the tone. Some caution should be taken with interpreting the 


[Page 9]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 9 
 
hawkishness score of the live AI transcript under the latest framework. The 
predictive power of the official Q&A hawkishness score does appear to be lower 
than before. 
 
Figure 7: The press statement was scored a 6/10 or 
hawkishness, in line with recent meetings 
Figure 8: Lagarde's tone in the Q&A was less hawkish 
according to our AI tool due to her repeated deflections 
about future rates 
 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
Source: ECB, Deutsche Bank Research 
 
 
Figure 9: Deutsche Bank – euro area medium-term macro projections 
Source: Deutsche Bank Research 
 
 


[Page 10]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 10 
 
 


[Page 11]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 11 
 
Appendix 1 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In 
addition, the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific 
recommendation or view in this report. Maria Contreras, Clemente Delucia, Michael Kirker, Yacine Rouimi, Peter 
Sidorov, CFA, Mark Wall.  
Important Disclosures 
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors . Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject 
companies, and other sources. For further information regarding disclosures relevant to Deutsche Bank Research, 
please visit our global disclosure look-up page on our website at 
https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/FICCDisclosures. Aside from within this report, important risk and 
conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer . Investors are 
strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
 
 


[Page 12]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 12 
 
Additional Information 
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 
'Deutsche Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources 
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to 
third-party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the 
content nor is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.  
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this 
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche 
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.  
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its 
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within 
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those 
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, 
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of 
communication may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, 
methodologies, perspectives or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity 
securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its 
affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading and principal trading revenues.  
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They 
do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank 
provides liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research 
analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-
term ratings. Some trade ideas for equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website 
(https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the general coverage list and also on the covered 
company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or 
underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks and no more than 
three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with Deutsche 
Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be 
directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. 
Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an 
opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market 
conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at 
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department 
Management, and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational 
purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of 
individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate in 
any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst's judgment. The 
financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own 
informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, 
and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial 
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations 
exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of 
the previous trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is 
also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in 
the preparation of this material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, 
content drafting and editorial corrections pertaining to research material.  


[Page 13]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 13 
 
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding 
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with 
respect to our research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer.  
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that 
promise to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these 
cash flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus 
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher 
will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most 
common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client 
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax 
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of 
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of 
fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to 
inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings 
may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The 
choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., 
coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in 
a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.  
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The 
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their 
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should 
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this 
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the 
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the 
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not 
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of 
Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-information/documents-and-archives/options-
disclosure-document. If you are unable to access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a 
copy of this important document.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) 
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by 
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and 
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed 
exchange controls, which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values 
are affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.  
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the 'Disclosures' tab. Investors are 
strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial 
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any 
information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, 
Deutsche Bank is not acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation 
whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained 
herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of 
any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or 
service or any trading strategy.  


[Page 14]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 14 
 
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or 
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it 
in making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially 
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to 
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in 
the offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving 
this directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.  
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to 
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region 
have been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has 
been reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.  
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC. 
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as 
research analysts with FINRA.  
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt 
am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European 
Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority.  
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. 
Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.  
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to 
futures contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports 
on such futures contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or 
resident in Hong Kong. The author(s) of a research report, and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, 
may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in Hong Kong, and if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as 
being able to do so. The provisions set out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest extent 
permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons Licensed or 
Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 'professional 
investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. This document must not be acted or relied on by persons who 
are not professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is only available 
to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional investors.  
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and 
registered office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 
22 7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing 
registration no.: INZ000252437; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research 
Analyst bearing SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar 
(Tel: +91 22 7180 4929 email ID: complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from 
NISM in no way guarantee performance of DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in 
securities market are subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may 
have received administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its 
affiliate(s) may have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, 
please refer to the "Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For 
latest India research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-equities-india/index?language_id=1.  
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, 


[Page 15]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 15 
 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and 
risks involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by 
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead to 
losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional 
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain 
categories of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services 
carry the risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or 
fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should 
carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 'Moody's', 'Standard Poor's', and 
'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or 'Nippon' is 
specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI 
are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign 
securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.  
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.  
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register 
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).  
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower 
Singapore 048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection 
with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an 
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and 
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.  
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should 
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank 
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without 
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only 
and is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.  
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial 
Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche 
Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the 
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.  
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.  
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the 
Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the 
following business activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities. DSSA registered office is Faisaliah 
Tower, 17th Floor, King Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.  
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is 
regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the 
financial services activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the 
DIFC: Dubai International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This 
information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to 
Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.  


[Page 16]
10 September 2026 
Focus Europe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Page 16 
 
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research 
disclosures and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-
PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the 
research should consider any product disclosure statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document 
before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an 
individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject 
of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material 
in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior approval from Research Management, analysts may not 
accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by 
analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research 
Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for 
their personal use from issuers they cover.  
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available 
upon request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written 
consent.  
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance 
record based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive application 
of a backtested model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events the 
backtesting of performance also differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy may 
be adjusted any time, for any reason, including a response to material, economic or market factors. The backtested 
performance includes hypothetical results that do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other earnings or the 
deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other commissions, and any other expenses that a client would have paid or 
actually paid. No representation is made that any trading strategy or account will or is likely to achieve profits or 
losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or assumptions might produce significantly different 
results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results are neither an indicator nor guarantee of 
future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.  
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed 
by the Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human 
intervention. Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the 
findings in a variety of ways. As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other ESG data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other divisions within the Deutsche Bank Group. Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings 
and rankings that have historically been applied in research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG. Further, such 
ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of Deutsche Bank AG.  
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to 
participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective and 
other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments may 
be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, and 
the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high 
performance standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any 
company will meet expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact 
performance.  
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG  
 


[Page 17]
      
 
 
David Folkerts-Landau 
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research 
Pam Finelli 
COO and Head of Fixed 
Income Research 
Steve Pollard 
Global Head of Company 
Research and Sales 
Jim Reid 
Global Head of Macro and 
Thematic Research 
Tim Rokossa 
Head of European 
Company Research 
Matthew Barnard 
Head of Americas 
Company Research 
Debbie Jones 
Global Head of 
Sustainability and Data 
Innovation, Research 
Robin Winkler 
Head of German Macro 
Research 
Sameer Goel 
Global Head of EM & 
APAC Research 
Francis Yared 
Global Head of Rates 
Research 
George Saravelos 
Global Head of FX 
Research 
Peter Hooper 
Vice-Chair of Research 
Nilendra de-Mel 
Head of APAC & Middle 
East Product 
Development 
 
International Production Locations 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Level 16 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets 
Sydney, NSW 2000 
Australia 
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Equity Research 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-
17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tel: (49) 69 910 00 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Hongkong 
International Commerce 
Centre 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, 
Hong Kong 
Tel: (852) 2203 8888 
  
Deutsche Securities Inc. 
1-3-1 Azabudai 
Azabudai Hills Mori JP 
Tower 
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-
0041 
Japan 
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000 
  
  
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
The Deutsche Bank 
Center 
1 Columbus Circle 
New York, NY 10019 
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500 
  
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Singapur 
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower 
Singapore 048583 
Tel: (65) 6423 8001 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
