[Page 1]
 
Deutsche Bank 
Research      
 
                                      
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. Deutsche Bank does and seeks 
to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their 
investment decision.  
Rating 
Buy 
Company 
Oracle 
Date 
11 September 2026 
 
North America 
United States 
TMT 
Software 
Reuters 
Bloomberg 
ORCL.N 
ORCL US 
 
Rating 
Buy
Price target (USD) 
300.00
Price at 10 Sep 26 
152.94
52-week range 
324.59 – 114.99
 
Valuation & Risks 
 
F1Q - Delivering the Goods 
Oracle's fiscal year got off to a strong start, delivering F1Q results that beat on 
both the top and bottom line while continuing to selectively build backlog with 
$30bn+ of AI contracts signed via prepay or BYOHW-type structures that 
reportedly won't require any additional capital from Oracle. The company also 
confirmed it completed the previously announced $20bn ATM equity program 
during the quarter, removing what had been viewed by some as an overhang on 
shares. Strong project execution and accelerating OCI growth also gave mgmt. 
confidence to modestly raise full-year revenue and EPS targets, despite it being 
early in the year with a lot of contracted capacity left to deliver. 
Digging into results, OCI remains the standout, with revenue accelerating nearly 
30pts to +120% y/y @cc (~5pts above Street) on the back of adding a record 
850MW of cloud capacity, containing >300k GPUs delivered to customers in the 
quarter. While a few hundred MWs came from its flagship AI site in Abilene, TX, a 
majority appears to have come from other sites as we were reminded of 
contribution from Oracle's wide ranging project portfolio that spans hundreds of 
sites globally. In addition to new GPU capacity, it was also encouraging to hear of 
incremental contribution from older GPUs (a majority >4yrs) coming up for 
renewal in the quarter that were reportedly renewed or resold at a 20% average 
premium to prior contract levels, another positive data point for economic useful 
life. With continued execution across the portfolio and full run-rate revenue 
contribution from capacity delivered in F1Q, there appears to be opportunity for 
further OCI growth acceleration over the next several quarters. 
If there was one area to pick at within OCI, it would be a second quarter of 
decelerating Cloud DB growth as early traction of multicloud database (+353% 
y/y) isn't yet enough to drive an overall inflection and remains an area to watch 
given the very high margin nature of this business. SaaS revenue +10% y/y @cc 
came in slightly below Street as well, with resilient growth in Fusion (+14%) and 
Industry Apps (+12%) again offset by slowing NetSuite (+6%) following a couple 
quarters of elongated sales cycles in the SMB segment. Mgmt. is optimistic this is 
largely behind them and that new AI-infused products alongside a growing 
deferred balance present opportunity for growth to tick higher ahead. Finally, 
high-margin license revenue was 9% below Street as Oracle continues to pivot 
customers toward ratable cloud offerings. 
Moving down the income statement, non-GAAP gross margins continued to 
contract as expected, coming in line with our forecast at 61.0% (-7.7pts y/y) as 
headwinds from mix shift and pre-revenue scaling costs continue to play out. 
Brad Zelnick 
Research Analyst 
+1-212-250-8563 
 
Bhavin Shah, CFA 
Research Analyst 
+1-212-250-6775 
 
Daniel Knauff 
Research Associate 
+1-415-2622041 
 
Yash Kejriwal 
Research Associate 
+1-212-250-1203 
 
 


[Page 2]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 2 
 
Importantly though, this was again more than offset by OpEx dollars that declined 
-9% y/y and resulted in a modest 0.4pts y/y expansion in NGOM. While optically 
we understand some of the angst around gross margins, we think it's important 
to highlight this in large part reflects the transition from capital-light SW to more 
capital-intensive infrastructure business and point to non-GAAP operating profit 
growth that has accelerated from +9% y/y a year ago to +31% y/y this quarter. 
With a solid F1Q in the books, this clears the decks for the upcoming financial 
analyst meeting on October 28th where we look forward to hearing more about: 
(1) the OCI AI buildout and growth strategy; (2) ability for prepay, BYOHW and 
other capital-light models to ease the financial constraints on Oracle's ability to 
scale its AI infrastructure business (3) the opportunity to leverage decades of 
deep enterprise incumbency and trust to drive adoption of its new AI Data 
Platform; (4) traction of new AI features/packaging/pricing in Apps, and (5) 
coding agents unlock for accelerating database and legacy App migrations. The 
event will also be the first opportunity for new CFO Hilary Maxson to put her mark 
on long-term financial targets and provide an update on the CapEx and financing 
strategy, which will be highly anticipated. We reiterate our Buy rating and $300 
price target. 
What We Liked / What We’re watching on the Quarter 
(+) Total revenue at +30% y/y @cc beat the high end of guidance (27%-29%) for 
the first time in recent history. Relative to consensus, the 1pt of upside was led 
by Hardware and Services, offset by slightly lower Support and License. 
Importantly, Cloud came in 1pt above the mid-point of guidance, accelerating 
15pts sequentially to +61% y/y @cc. 
(+) IaaS revenue of $7.4bn rose to +120% y/y @cc (from +92% in F4Q), +5pts 
above DBe/Street estimates. This marked the sixth straight quarterly record for 
sequential OCI revenue adds at +$1,601m (vs $899m in the prior Q). Overall, 
Oracle delivered 850MW of capacity in F1Q, in line with guidance for near 1GW. 
(+) >300k GPUs were delivered since F4Q, including 131k GPUs at Abilene in F1Q. 
GPU utilization rates were cited to remain near full at 97.9%. Encouragingly, all 
GPU capacity coming up for renewal was renewed or resold at a 20% premium to 
prior contracts with the majority of those GPUs already 4yrs or older. 
(-) Cloud Database Services growth moderated to +26% y/y (vs. +29% in F4Q) 
against a 1pt tougher comp and implies ~$180m ARR added in the quarter. 
Multicloud database revenue continues to ramp rapidly at +353% y/y as customer 
count increased +180% and Oracle expanded availability across hyperscalers to 
70 regions and 119 availability zones. 
(=) SaaS revenue accelerated 1pt to +10% @cc although came in below our 
forecast of +11% y/y @cc. Growth here remains led by Fusion which grew +14%, 
while Industry Applications grew >20% and mgmt. noted continued acceleration 
in Oracle Health. 
(+) Customers used Oracle's embedded AI capabilities >150m times during F1Q 
(+42% q/q) while AI agents executed >3.5m times in production (~2x q/q). The 
number of customer agents in production increased 90% q/q to >2.3k with AI 
usage across Fusion alone consuming 900bn tokens during the quarter. 


[Page 3]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 3 
 
(+) Total RPO rose $26bn q/q to $664bn of which the vast majority of new 
contracts were noted to be utilizing prepayments, BYOHW, or similar structures, 
therefore requiring no incremental capital from Oracle. Nearly half of total RPO 
is now expected to be recognized over the next 36 months. New RPO from the 
quarter is not expected to contribute to revenue or CapEx until FY28 or beyond. 
(-) High-margin License revenue was below Street at -14% y/y @cc. 
(=) Ongoing gross margin pressure, with non-GAAP GM at 61.0%, -7.7pts y/y on a 
higher IaaS mix within Cloud which we believe also reflects expense-timing 
impacts associated with ramping OCI capacity. That said, this result was in line 
with our expectations as we believe mgmt. continues to work towards prior 
guided profitability targets. 
(+) Non-GAAP OM of 42.1% (+0.4pts y/y) was +1.3pts  vs DB/Street, as the step 
down in GMs was largely offset by cost control and simplification initiatives, with 
OpEx dollars declining for a second consecutive quarter this time by -9.1% y/y in 
F1Q (vs. -4.9% in F4Q). 
(+) Non-GAAP EPS of $1.92 exceeded guidance and grew 30% y/y, ahead of the 
+17-20% guide driven by strong revenue and operating leverage. 
(-) FCF came in at -$5.4bn (vs DBe/Street at -3.4bn/-9.5bn) as higher-than-
expected CapEx of $28.5bn to support accelerating Cloud growth more than 
offset record operating cash flows that benefited from strong execution and 
collection of customer prepayments. 
What We Liked / What We’re watching on the Guide 
(=) Revenue guidance for F2Q at +30%-34% y/y (reported & @cc) came roughly in 
line with Street at +31.9%. Within this, F2Q Cloud revenue guidance calls for 
significant further acceleration to +64%-70% @cc from +61% this past quarter, 
with the midpoint slightly above Street ~65%. 
(=) F2Q non-GAAP EPS guidance of $1.85-$1.93 was also in line with Street of 
$1.89. Full year non-GAAP EPS was raised to $8.10 vs $8.05 prior. 
(+) Mgmt. now expects FY27 revenue to be "at least" $90bn vs $90bn prior, 
implying growth of 34% or better (vs. 16% @cc in FY26). Here, Cloud 
Infrastructure revenue is expected to continue accelerating through the 
remainder of FY27 as strong execution helps convert more of Oracle's RPO into 
revenue. 
(+) FY27 CapEx guidance of $90-95bn was reiterated with net cash outlays 
capped at $70bn, where the gap reflects customer prepayments, BYOHW, and 
other similar funding structures. Mgmt. noted that CapEx spending will not be 
linear through the year, which we attribute to the timing dynamics/lumpy nature 
of bringing AI infrastructure into service. 
Valuation and Risks 
Incorporating F1Q results, guidance and our updated thoughts on the business, 
we 
adjust 
our 
FY27/28 
revenue 
estimates 
to 
$90.7/$129.7bn 
from 
$88.7/$128.7bn 
and 
our 
FY27/28 
non-GAAP 
Operating 
Income 
to 
$36.3/$48.9bn from 35.7/$48.7bn. Reflecting high out year revenue and 
operating income forecasts, we reiterate our $300 PT. Downside risks to our 
rating and target price include: 1) Key man/woman risk, 2) Change in the 


[Page 4]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 4 
 
competitive environment; 3) Changes in the IT spending environment; 4) 
Customer concentration; and 5) Ability to ramp cloud infrastructure capacity. 
 
Figure 1: F1Q Summary 
Source: Company Reports, DB Estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP 
 
 
 


[Page 5]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
 
Figure 2: Estimate Summary 
Source: Company Reports, DB Estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP 
 
 
 
 


[Page 6]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 6 
 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
 
Company 
Ticker 
Recent price 
Disclosure 
Oracle 
ORCL.N 
152.94 (USD) 10 Sep 26 
1, 2, 7, 8, 14, 15, 21, 24, 26 
 
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject 
companies, and other sources. 
 
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators 
1 - Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public offering for this 
company, for which it received fees. 
2 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may act as a market maker or liquidity provider in the financial instruments 
issued by this company. 
7 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company for the provision of investment 
banking or financial advisory services within the past year. 
8 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking 
services from this company in the next three months. 
14 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation from this company within the past year for non-
investment banking related services. 
15 - This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year during which time it received 
investment banking services. 
21 - This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year, during which time it received 
non-investment banking securities-related services. 
Important Disclosures Required by Non-U.S. Regulators 
1 - Within the past year, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has managed or co-managed a public offering for this 
company, for which it received fees. 
2 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may act as a market maker or liquidity provider in the financial instruments 
issued by this company. 
24 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) is or has been over the previous 12 months party to an agreement with the 
company relating to the provision of services set out in Sections A and B of Annex I of Directive 2014/65/EU, or has 
over the previous 12 months been obliged or entitled (as applicable) to pay or receive compensation relating to the 
provision of services set out in Sections A and B of Annex I of Directive 2014/65/EU. 
26 - Within the preceding 12 months, Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) has received compensation for the provision 
of investment banking services or is currently providing or has provided investment banking services to this company. 
 
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, 


[Page 7]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 7 
 
important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. Investors are strongly encouraged to review this 
information before investing. 
 
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific 
recommendation or view in this report. Brad Zelnick.  
 
 


[Page 8]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 8 
 
Historical recommendations and target price: Oracle (ORCL.N) 
 
 
 
1. 
12 Mar 24 
Price target: 150 (USD), close price 127.54 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
2. 
17 Jun 24 
Price target: 165 (USD), close price 141.31 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
3. 
10 Sep 24 
Price target: 180 (USD), close price 155.89 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
4. 
13 Sep 24 
Price target: 200 (USD), close price 162.03 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
5. 
12 Jun 25 
Price target: 240 (USD), close price 199.86 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
6. 
10 Sep 25 
Price target: 335 (USD), close price 328.33 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
7. 
17 Oct 25 
Price target: 375 (USD), close price 291.31 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
8. 
8 Mar 26 
Price target: 300 (USD), close price 152.96 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
 
 
  
 
 


[Page 9]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 9 
 
Company rating dispersion and banking relationships 
DBSI Companies under Coverage 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Covered 
58% 
42% 
0% 
w/ Banking relationship 
43% 
35% 
0% 
w/ MiFID services 
64% 
52% 
67% 
 
Global Companies under Coverage 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Covered 
58% 
40% 
2% 
w/ Banking relationship 
46% 
32% 
31% 
w/ MiFID services 
75% 
68% 
92% 
 
Company Rating and Dispersion Key  
The above table provides a snapshot of Deutsche Bank's company research rating distribution across our covered 
companies. We also present the percentage of companies where Deutsche Bank has provided Investment Banking 
Services in the past 12 months and/or MIFID Investment and Ancillary services, in the past 12 months. Please see the 
key and definition of our rating below.  
Note - percentages are rounded so may not total 100%.  
Covered: The overall rating distribution across all companies under coverage with a rating.  
w/Banking relation: Percentage of companies under coverage with a rating within each of the "buy", "hold" and "sell" 
categories for which Deutsche Bank has provided Investment Banking Services within the previous 12 months.  
w/MiFID services: Percentage of companies under coverage with a rating within each of the "buy", "hold" and "sell" 
categories for which Deutsche Bank has provided MIFID Investment and Ancillary services within the previous 12 
months.  
Buy/Hold/Sell Percentages: These percentages reflect the proportion of companies within each category that have 
been assigned the corresponding rating, based on our 12-month view of Total Shareholder Return (TSR).  
Rating definitions:  
Buy: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors buy the stock.  
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors sell the stock.  
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and, based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a 
Buy or Sell.  
TSR: Total Shareholder Return. Percentage change in share price from current price to projected target price plus 
projected dividend yield.  
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices supersede previously published research.  
 
 


[Page 10]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 10 
 
Additional Information 
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 
'Deutsche Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources 
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to 
third-party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the 
content nor is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.  
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this 
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche 
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.  
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its 
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within 
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those 
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, 
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of 
communication may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, 
methodologies, perspectives or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity 
securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its 
affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading and principal trading revenues.  
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They 
do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank 
provides liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research 
analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-
term ratings. Some trade ideas for equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website 
(https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the general coverage list and also on the covered 
company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or 
underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks and no more than 
three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with Deutsche 
Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be 
directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. 
Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an 
opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market 
conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at 
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department 
Management, and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational 
purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of 
individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate 
in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst's judgment. The 
financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own 
informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, 
and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial 
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations 
exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of 
the previous trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is 
also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in 
the preparation of this material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, 
content drafting and editorial corrections pertaining to research material.  


[Page 11]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 11 
 
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding 
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with 
respect to our research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer.  
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that 
promise to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these 
cash flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus 
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher 
will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most 
common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client 
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax 
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of 
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of 
fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to 
inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings 
may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The 
choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., 
coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in 
a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.  
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The 
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their 
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should 
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this 
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the 
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the 
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not 
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of 
Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-information/documents-and-archives/options-
disclosure-document. If you are unable to access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a 
copy of this important document.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) 
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by 
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and 
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed 
exchange controls, which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values 
are affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.  
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the 'Disclosures' tab. Investors are 
strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial 
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any 
information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, 
Deutsche Bank is not acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation 
whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained 
herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of 
any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or 
service or any trading strategy.  


[Page 12]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 12 
 
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or 
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it 
in making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially 
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to 
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in 
the offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this 
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.  
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to 
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have 
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been 
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.  
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC. 
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as 
research analysts with FINRA.  
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt 
am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European 
Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority.  
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. 
Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.  
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to 
futures contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports 
on such futures contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or 
resident in Hong Kong. The author(s) of a research report, and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, 
may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in Hong Kong, and if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as 
being able to do so. The provisions set out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest 
extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons 
Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 
'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. This document must not be acted or relied on by 
persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is 
only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional investors.  
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and 
registered office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 
7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration 
no.: INZ000252437; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing 
SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 
4929 email ID: complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way 
guarantee performance of DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are 
subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received 
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may 
have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the 
"Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India 
research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-equities-india/index?language_id=1.  
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, 


[Page 13]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 13 
 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks 
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by 
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead 
to losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional 
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories 
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the 
risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or 
fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should 
carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 'Moody's', 'Standard Poor's', and 
'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or 'Nippon' is 
specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI 
are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign 
securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.  
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.  
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register 
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).  
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower 
Singapore 048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection 
with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an 
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and 
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.  
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should 
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank 
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without 
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only 
and is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.  
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial 
Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche 
Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.  
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.  
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the 
Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the 
following business activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities. DSSA registered office is Faisaliah 
Tower, 17th Floor, King Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.  
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is 
regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the 
financial services activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the 
DIFC: Dubai International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This 
information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to 
Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.  


[Page 14]
11 September 2026 
Oracle 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 14 
 
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research 
disclosures and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-
PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the 
research should consider any product disclosure statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document 
before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an 
individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject 
of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material 
in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior approval from Research Management, analysts may not 
accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by 
analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research 
Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for 
their personal use from issuers they cover.  
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available 
upon request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written 
consent.  
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance 
record based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive 
application of a backtested model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events 
the backtesting of performance also differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy 
may be adjusted any time, for any reason, including a response to material, economic or market factors. The 
backtested performance includes hypothetical results that do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other 
earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other commissions, and any other expenses that a client 
would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading strategy or account will or is likely to 
achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or assumptions might produce 
significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results are neither an 
indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.  
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed 
by the Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human 
intervention. Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the 
findings in a variety of ways. As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other ESG data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other divisions within the Deutsche Bank Group. Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings 
and rankings that have historically been applied in research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG. Further, such 
ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of Deutsche Bank AG.  
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to 
participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective 
and other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, 
and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high 
performance standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any 
company will meet expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact 
performance.  
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG  
 


[Page 15]
      
 
 
David Folkerts-Landau 
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research 
Pam Finelli 
COO and Head of Fixed 
Income Research 
Steve Pollard 
Global Head of Company 
Research and Sales 
Jim Reid 
Global Head of Macro and 
Thematic Research 
Tim Rokossa 
Head of European 
Company Research 
Matthew Barnard 
Head of Americas 
Company Research 
Debbie Jones 
Global Head of 
Sustainability and Data 
Innovation, Research 
Robin Winkler 
Head of German Macro 
Research 
Sameer Goel 
Global Head of EM & 
APAC Research 
Francis Yared 
Global Head of Rates 
Research 
George Saravelos 
Global Head of FX 
Research 
Peter Hooper 
Vice-Chair of Research 
Nilendra de-Mel 
Head of APAC & Middle 
East Product 
Development 
 
International Production Locations 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Level 16 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets 
Sydney, NSW 2000 
Australia 
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Equity Research 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tel: (49) 69 910 00 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Hongkong 
International Commerce 
Centre 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, 
Hong Kong 
Tel: (852) 2203 8888 
  
Deutsche Securities Inc. 
1-3-1 Azabudai 
Azabudai Hills Mori JP 
Tower 
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-
0041 
Japan 
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000 
  
  
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
The Deutsche Bank Center 
1 Columbus Circle 
New York, NY 10019 
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500 
  
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Singapur 
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower 
Singapore 048583 
Tel: (65) 6423 8001 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
