 
BofA Securities does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research 
reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
Refer to important disclosures on page 27 to 28.  
 
 
 
Global Economic Weekly 
The fog of war 
     
   
 
 
Global Letter: The fog of war 
Markets always struggle to trade more than one theme at a time. And this week showed 
that the macroeconomic outlook is being driven by a multiplicity of themes that can 
create significant mispricing. US inflation came in softer than expected and in line with 
dovish comments from Fed officials, leading the market to think the Fed may wait until 
December to hike. But the underlying fundamentals still point towards higher rates. A 
new narrative argues that oil flows are normalizing in the Middle East, but Brent keeps 
trading above $100 per barrel. Consumer spending remains strong; however, consumer 
sentiment is weakening. Something does not add up. 
United States: Revisions, risks, and rate hikes 
Revisions may have lowered the recent level of inflation. However, they do not change 
the story on underlying inflation. It’s still at 2.5% and risks to inflation remain tilted to 
the upside from AI demand, energy, the labor market, and strong growth. Therefore, 
even if inflation is softer after the revisions, we continue to think the Fed will take a risk 
management approach and tighten policy at its remaining two meetings this year. 
Euro Area: It’s tough out there – going through the options 
The ECB has backstops. For too tight financial conditions short-term rates are the tool. 
The balance sheet comes into play for disorderly moves in speed and/or magnitude on 
spreads/long-term rates. Verbal intervention has started. Pain threshold for the ECB to 
do more tends to be higher than that of the market. 
UK: Change is for later 
This week’s policy announcements, while significant, have little near-term impact, with 
major changes pushed to after an election. Pension triple-lock reform offers limited 
near-term savings. A closer EU/UK relationship can deliver growth dividends, but 
progress is likely to be slow, with serious negotiations unlikely until after an election  
Asia: El Niño & the rice 
Historically, strong El Niño events have had a significant impact on rice yields across the 
region, while policy interventions to curb rice trade have played a bigger role in driving 
prices. That puts South and Southeast Asia at risk, especially in production of paddy and 
rice, since the region accounts for ~58% of global rice production and ~80% of exports. 
Emerging EMEA: Hungary – EUR adoption milestone 
Hungary’s NBH holds at 5.50%, cuts CPI target to 2.5% from Jan-2028 - first concrete 
official step towards EUR adoption. NBH gives a nod to continued HUF appreciation 
trend, which is key to achieving lower inflation in the longer term. 
Latin America: Peru – Trip notes 
We maintain our bullish, out-of-consensus view on GDP growth, given the boom in 
private investment and external accounts. We see El Niño as a temporary shock, not a 
fundamental condition, and disagree with the notion that the government is weak. 
02 October 2026   
Economics 
Global 
Table of Contents 
Global Letter 
2 
US 
5 
Euro area 
8 
UK 
13 
Asia 
15 
Emerging EMEA 
18 
Latin America 
20 
Key forecasts 
22 
Detailed forecasts 
23 
Research Analysts 
29 
Claudio Irigoyen 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
+1 646 855 1734 
claudio.irigoyen@bofa.com 
Antonio Gabriel 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
+1 646 743 5373 
antonio.gabriel@bofa.com 
Global Economics Team 
BofAS 
See Team Page for List of Analysts 
 
Accessible version 

 
 
2 
Global Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026 
 
 
 Global Letter  
 
Claudio Irigoyen 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
claudio.irigoyen@bofa.com 
Antonio Gabriel 
Global Economist 
BofAS 
antonio.gabriel@bofa.com 
 
The fog of war 
Markets always struggle to trade more than one theme at a time. And this week showed 
that the macroeconomic outlook is being driven by a multiplicity of themes that can 
create significant mispricing. US inflation came in softer than expected and in line with 
dovish comments from Fed officials, leading the market to think the Fed may wait until 
December to hike. But the underlying fundamentals still point towards higher rates. A 
new narrative argues that oil flows are normalizing in the Middle East, but Brent keeps 
trading above $100 per barrel. Consumer spending remains strong, but consumer 
sentiment is weakening. Something does not add up. 
Most likely, (1) higher global real rates is still the path of least resistance, (2) without 
fiscal consolidation on the horizon, government intervention in financial markets is 
increasingly likely, (3) the Middle East conflict is far from coming to an end, and 
(4) consumption and investment in the US will remain strong as long as the AI trade 
doesn't break. 
What is really driving real rates? 
There is a debate on what drives long-term real rates. One explanation argues that real 
rates are driven by a combination of fiscal deficits and the AI investment boom, coupled 
with QE unwinding. Some others suggest that monetary policy is the driver. The front 
end is the anchor that drives the long end, under the assumption that risk premium stays 
roughly constant. 
Can the two stories be true at the same time? Yes, and the best way to think about this 
is to ask what happens when private savings at a global level are not enough to finance 
an increase in global investment at the prevailing interest rate. What should happen in 
equilibrium is that the new market clearing real rate should be higher. This is effectively 
an increase in r*.  
Next, the connection with monetary policy. If r* is higher, an unchanged monetary policy 
stance represents, effectively, a loosening of financial conditions. This is what we have 
been witnessing over the last few quarters. Therefore, independently of the Fed’s resolve 
to bring inflation back to target, the equilibrium interest rate forces the market to 
reprice, and forces the Fed to acknowledge that a tighter policy stance is needed to keep 
financial conditions constant, let alone to tighten financial conditions at the margin.  
In other words, fundamentals are not driving the long end of the curve more or less than 
the expectations of what the central bank will do. It is fundamentals driving both the 
long end and the reaction function of the central bank. It is about r*. not about 
deviations of monetary policy from r*. The relative hawkishness of the Fed affects front 
end rates on top of that, but the correlation of short-term and long-term rates is 
primarily reflecting the existence of a common factor driving both. 
Can the Fed afford to wait? 
The softer than expected core PCE plus a couple of Fed officials signaling that the Fed 
can wait until December to hike let the market to reprice the probability of October from 
70% to ~30%. If the Fed skips October, it would be the third time in recent history that 
a hiking cycle is interrupted that early. And in those episodes, inflation was way below 
current levels. 

 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026
3
 
 
Can the Fed afford to wait right before the midterm elections? Can Chair Warsh handle 
to communicate to the market that despite core PCE remains persistently high around 
3% there is room to wait without paying a credibility cost?  
It seems too early to interrupt the hiking cycle, and it is unlikely that, relative to October, 
much can be learned to have more confidence by December that the economy needs 
higher rates. With the credibility game still alive and kicking, inflation that despite the 
soft surprise remains persistently high and energy prices still represent a relevant upside 
risk to inflation, the Fed should carefully weigh the pros and cons of skipping October. 
Can we ignore the dynamics of energy prices? 
The dynamics of the Middle East war is leaving market participants scratching their 
heads. On the one hand, there are reports signalling normalization of oil flows form the 
Middle East. Transportation costs are much higher but according to some sources oil is 
flowing. However, the price of a barrel of oil remains above $100.  
Moreover, every time there is a de-escalation of the conflict, the price of oil falls 
towards a higher floor, likely due to inventory depletion and less credible de-escalation 
attempts. This is very important because it increases the chances of broader second 
order effects on prices. With refineries being impaired and the price of diesel, fertilizers, 
etc., still climbing higher, the upside risks to inflation remain intact despite the allegedly 
normalization in flows. As we approach the US midterm elections, we cannot rule out 
escalation of the conflict, which can only add insult to injury. 
How to respond to supply shocks? 
Central banks are supposed to react to infrequent supply shocks only if they threaten to 
de-anchor inflation expectations. But is that reaction function optimal to deal with a 
sequence of supply shocks which are becoming increasingly likely due to geopolitical 
dynamics?  
By not reacting to a sequence of supply-driven inflation shocks, the Fed is passively 
easing monetary conditions by validating lower real rates. Moreover, the volatility of 
supply shocks can also be inflationary. A good example is the volatility of oil prices 
driven by the Iran war. 
Yes, oil prices volatility can be inflationary 
Of course, inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon and real shocks 
can only alter relative prices, unless monetary (and fiscal) policy accommodates those 
shocks. In theory, an increase in oil prices need not be inflationary in the sense of 
increasing the overall level of prices. If the price of oil goes up and triggers increases in 
other prices, the price of other goods and services not impacted by the shock can go 
down to compensate for the initial shock. In other words, only relative prices are 
affected.  
However, in practice, inflation measures go up when oil prices increase because prices 
are sticky, in particular to the downside. The change in relative prices to restore 
equilibrium occurs, at least in the short run, with some oil-related prices going up and 
other prices staying at the pre-shock level. Measured inflation goes up.  
If we apply the same argument to oil prices that go up and down without necessarily 
changing on average, that is, if oil prices become more volatile, the same effect takes 
place. It can be argued that the analogy is not good because gasoline prices, which 
capture the main direct effect of oil shocks, are very flexible, going up and down with oil 
prices.  
However, other indirect effects of oil prices, which impact other goods and services, can 
create more persistent inflation if oil prices become more volatile and contaminate core 
measures of inflation more persistently. These are prices that are impacted by oil prices 
but downwardly rigid: going up with oil prices but not reversing when oil prices fall.  

 
 
4 
Global Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026 
 
 
In that case, oil price volatility adds another argument for central banks to consider a 
more hawkish monetary policy stance. Markets are reacting to oil prices by repricing 
hikes in direct proportion to oil shocks, but it may be the volatility of oil shocks that 
really matters for monetary policy in a world where supply shocks are becoming the rule 
rather than the exception.  
 

 
 
Global Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026
5
 
 
US 
 
Aditya Bhave 
BofAS 
 
Revisions, risks, rate hikes 
• 
Revisions may have lowered the recent level of inflation. However, they do not 
change the story on underlying inflation.  
• 
It’s still at 2.5% and risks to inflation remain titled to the upside from AI demand, 
energy, the labor market, and strong consumer growth.  
• 
Therefore, even if inflation is a little softer after the revisions, we continue to think 
the Fed will take a risk management approach and tighten policy further this year. 
Complete report: US Economic Weekly: Revisions, risks, and rate hikes 
Inflation revisions were dovish, underlying inflation isn’t 
Inflation remains the key determinant of the Fed's near-term policy outlook. This week, 
the BEA revised inflation data following methodological changes to three categories that 
had proven particularly difficult to measure: portfolio management and investment 
advice, computer and software accessories, and legal services (Exhibit 1). As expected, 
the revisions lowered recent inflation readings, although by somewhat more than we 
anticipated. Core PCE inflation was revised down by 35bp in July to 3.0% y/y, and Sep 
printed at 3.0%. 
While these revisions reduced the level of measured inflation and may initially appear 
dovish, they do little to change our assessment of underlying inflation (Exhibit 2). We 
continue to estimate underlying inflation at 2.5% y/y, with little evidence that the trend 
has improved over the past 12 months. In our view, and taking Chair Warsh at his word, 
the trajectory of underlying inflation matters more for policy than the level of headline 
or core PCE alone. By that standard, the inflation picture remains largely unchanged. 
Exhibit 1: Methodological changes revised inflation lower, especially in 
recent months 
Contribution to net revision to core PCE (% y/y) by revised component 
Source: BEA, BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 2: Core PCE may be lower after revisions but underlying 
inflation is still around 2.5% y/y in our view 
Composition of core PCE % y/y 
Source: BEA, BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Risks are still tilted to the upside 
Importantly, the revisions do nothing to alter the distribution of inflation risks. In fact, 
we broadly agree with the Fed's latest assessment that risks to inflation remain skewed 
to the upside (Exhibit 3). Strong AI-related investment, higher energy prices, pockets of 
labor market tightness, and resilient consumer demand all have the potential to keep 
inflation elevated over the coming year. 
-0.4%
-0.2%
0.0%
0.2%
Dec-23
Jun-24
Dec-24
Jun-25
Dec-25
Jun-26
Computer and software accessories
Legal servcies
Portfolio management
Net revision to core PCE % y/y
2.00%
2.25%
2.50%
2.75%
3.00%
3.25%
3.50%
Jan 25
Jul 25
Jan 26
Jul 26
"Underlying inflation"
Tariffs ex AI
Iran

 
 
6 
Global Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026 
 
 
AI demand 
Hyperscalers have dramatically accelerated capital spending, with capex projected to rise 
roughly 90% y/y this year and by a further 36% next year. This investment boom 
represents a sizeable demand shock that is already affecting portions of the price basket 
and could generate broader second-round effects over time. 
While this is an upside risk, the direct inflationary impact is likely to remain limited, 
absent meaningful supply constraints akin to those seen in 2020-23. Electrical 
equipment, computers, and electronic products account for a relatively small share of 
aggregate consumption (Exhibit 4), limiting the pass-through to overall inflation.  
Energy 
Geopolitical disruptions associated with the conflicts involving Iran and Russia-Ukraine 
have contributed to persistent shortages in energy and refined petroleum products. 
These shortages have already lifted headline inflation through higher gasoline prices and 
have contributed to stronger core inflation through categories such as airfares. 
If sustained, higher diesel and fuel costs could gradually feed into a broader range of 
consumer prices via transportation and logistics costs. Though this too is likely a limited 
upside risk since transportation services account for roughly 0.7% of consumption, while 
petroleum and coal products comprise an additional 1.2%. 
Exhibit 3: The FOMC is nearly unanimous in its view that risks to 
inflation are skewed to the upside 
Diffusion index of Fed participants risk weightings on core PCE (>0 = upside 
risks) 
Source: Federal Reserve Board 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH
Exhibit 4: Rising input costs from AI demand and energy prices pose a 
small upside risk to inflation based on input costs estimates 
Share of total consumption value for specific inputs (2024) 
Source: BEA, BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Wages and labor 
At the aggregate level, the labor market does not currently appear to be a significant 
source of inflation pressure. The vacancy-to-unemployment ratio remains near 1.0, quit 
rates have retraced substantially from their 2021-23 highs, and wage growth has 
continued to moderate. 
However, conditions below the surface are somewhat less benign. Industries linked to 
the data center and AI buildout are experiencing faster wage growth than the private 
sector (Exhibit 5). At the same time, labor force growth continues to face headwinds 
from aging demographics and tighter immigration policies, while payroll growth remains 
near or above breakeven estimates. The risk is that strong profit growth and continued 
investment could eventually reignite labor demand and reintroduce wage-price dynamics. 
 
 
0.69%
1.22%
0.43%
0.02%
0.0%
0.4%
0.8%
1.2%
1.6%
Transportation
costs
Petroleum and
coal products
Electrical
equipment,
appliances, and
components
Computer and
electronic
products
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
2007 2009 2011 2013 2015 2017 2019 2021 2023 2025
Core PCE
