M A C R O N E W S                                    0 2 / 1 0 / 2 6 
 
Andrew Wishart, Senior UK Economist | Andrew.Wishart@berenberg.com | +44 20 3753 3017 
1/2    
US LABOUR MARKET: STUBBORNLY SOFT 
Berenberg Macro View 
Narrative whiplash: The soft US labour market report for September challenges the story that a fresh 
global hiking cycle is necessary to contain inflation. In contrast to surging survey measures of economic 
activity, non-farm payrolls rose by only 29,000 mom in September (consensus 90k) and the unemployment 
rate unexpectedly rose. Robust US growth has failed to translate into any material pickup in labour de-
mand. That reduces the likelihood of domestic price pressures building. As a result, investors pared back 
their bets for interest rate hikes and reversed much of the rise in US Treasury yields that made headlines 
this week. 
 
Very weak hiring: The small gain in employment in September and a downward revision to August kept 
annual growth in non-farm payrolls at a modest 0.2% yoy, well below the historical trend rate – see Chart 1. 
The household survey reported an even weaker -0.3% yoy drop in employment. Employment is so soft that 
the unemployment rate edged up from 4.14% to 4.18% despite President Trump’s crackdown on immigra-
tion causing the size of the pool of available labour to shrink. 
 
Fragile growth: Strong consumer spending will likely result in another quarter of solid growth in Q3, but 
the labour market and trade data for September support our view that expansion was built on shaky foun-
dations. Annual growth in hourly earnings cooled from 3.1% yoy to 3.0% yoy in September, below CPI infla-
tion of 3.4% in August. Higher fuel prices will ensure that real household spending power continues to de-
cline in Q4. Surely this pressure on household budgets will bear down on consumer spending growth soon. 
If consumer spending slows, the AI investment boom is unlikely to offset it. The blow out in the US trade in 
goods deficit in August to its widest the start of 2025, when US businesses were importing frantically to 
beat tariffs, puts it on course to rise from an annualised 3.6% of GDP in Q2 to 4.6% of GDP in Q3 – see Chart 
2. This suggests that investment in the infrastructure necessary to run AI continues to leak out of the US 
economy into imports of hardware from Asia, offsetting the boost to growth from investment. Capital in-
vestment won’t prevent a growth slowdown if consumers’ willingness to spend faster than they earn 
wanes, as the drop in conference board consumer confidence in September suggests that it soon might. 
 
Modest tightening: As a result, we doubt the Fed will have to tighten as much as the market prices in to 
bring inflation down to target. The market still prices in almost three more 25bp rate hikes. We expect just 
one. If we are right that central banks will signal a pause in their rate hike cycle early next year, bond yields 
can decline slightly. But the respite in US government borrowing costs will likely prove temporary as 
slower GDP growth will raises fresh questions about the US government’s ability to service its debt. 
 
 
 

M A C R O N E W S 
2/2    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer  
This document was compiled by the above mentioned authors of the economics department of Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG (hereinafter referred to as “the Bank”). 
The Bank has made any effort to carefully research and process all information. The information has been obtained from sources which we believe to be reliable such 
as, for example, Thomson Reuters, Bloomberg and the relevant specialised press. However, we do not assume liability for the correctness and completeness of all 
information given. The provided information has not been checked by a third party, especially an independent auditing firm. We explicitly point to the stated date of 
preparation. The information given can become incorrect due to passage of time and/or as a result of legal, political, economic or other changes. We do not assume 
responsibility to indicate such changes and/or to publish an updated document. The forecasts contained in this document or other statements on rates of return, capital 
gains or other accession are the personal opinion of the author and we do not assume liability for the realisation of these.  
 
This document is only for information purposes. It does not constitute investment advice or recommendation to buy financial instruments. It does not replace consult-
ing regarding legal, tax or financial matters. 
 
Remarks regarding foreign investors  
The preparation of this document is subject to regulation in the United Kingdom. The distribution of this document in other jurisdictions may be restricted by law, and 
persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions.  
 
United Kingdom  
This document is meant exclusively for institutional investors and market professionals, but not for private customers. It is not for distribution to or the use of private 
investors or private customers.  
 
United States of America  
This document has been prepared exclusively by the Bank. Although Berenberg Capital Markets, LLC (“BCM”), an affiliate of the Bank and registered US broker-dealer, 
distributes this document to certain investors, BCM does not provide input into its contents, nor does this document constitute research of BCM. In addition, this 
document is meant exclusively for institutional investors and market professionals, but not for retail investors or private customers. It is not for distribution to or the 
use of retail investors or private customers. BCM accepts responsibility for this research document’s contents and institutional investors receiving this research and 
wishing to effect any transactions in any security discussed herein should do so through BCM and not the Bank.  
Please contact Berenberg Capital Markets, LLC (+1 646 949 9000) if you require additional information.  
 
Copyright  
The Bank reserves all the rights in this document. No part of the document or its content may be rewritten, copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form by any means 
or redistributed without the Bank’s prior written consent.  
 
© 2021 Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG 
