 
BofA Securities does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research 
reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
Refer to important disclosures on page 14 to 15.  
 
 
 
US Economic Weekly 
Revisions, risks, and rate hikes 
     
   
     
 
 
Inflation revisions don’t change the underlying story 
Revisions may have lowered the recent level of inflation. However, they do not change 
the story on underlying inflation. It’s still at 2.5% and risks to inflation remain tilted to 
the upside from AI demand, energy, the labor market, and strong growth. Therefore, 
even if inflation is softer after the revisions, we continue to think the Fed will take a risk 
management approach and tighten policy at its remaining two meetings this year. 
The week ahead: Light data week, focus on FOMC minutes 
Next week is relatively light on the data front. We will get the final print of S&P global 
services PMI and ISM services print on Mon. Then we get trade data (Tue), the minutes 
(Wed), claims (Thu) and consumer sentiment (Fri). In terms of Fed speak, we’ll hear from 
Williams & Logan (Tue) and Musalem (Thu). 
Data preview: Minutes to show degree of hawkishness 
The minutes should provide greater insight into the Fed’s decision to raise rates in Sep. 
While the committee voted unanimously, investors will be looking for clues on whether 
there is meaningful disagreement over how much additional tightening may be needed. 
Does the FOMC view the move as a midcycle adjustment, or are there broader concerns 
that could warrant a full-blown hiking cycle? We also expect the minutes to shed more 
light on how policymakers interpreted the latest inflation data. 
Data review: Economic growth even better after revisions 
2Q GDP growth was revised up by 70bp to 2.2% in its final estimate. Revisions were 
also positive elsewhere, with 1Q GDP growth raised by 40bp to 2.5% and annual growth 
in 2024/25 revised higher. Incorporating these revisions, we have marked our 2026 GDP 
forecast up by 20bp to 2.3% on a Q4/Q4 basis. The broader implication is that 
underlying economic momentum was even firmer than previously estimated, which, in 
our view, points to stronger productivity growth and a higher neutral rate. 
Viewpoint: Midterms are not a gamechanger 
Our base case remains a divided Congress. The key message is simple: this is not 2024. 
We see very little chance of the midterms producing policy changes large enough to 
materially alter the growth, earnings, or AI investment backdrop over the next two years. 
(See: US Viewpoint: US midterms: more noise than signal) 
Viewpoint: Getting more bullish on the US consumer 
Consumer resilience remains our base case, but the balance of risks has shifted 
modestly to the upside. The K-shaped consumer story is looking stale, with increasing 
signs of an enduring lower-income spending growth rebound. Labor market broadening 
& healthy balance sheets support spending. But gas prices, credit & equity market risks 
remain. (See: US Economic Viewpoint: Consumer health check: Gloom to boom)  
02 October 2026   
Economics 
United States 
US Economics 
BofAS 
Aditya Bhave 
US Economist 
BofAS 
+1 646 855 9929 
aditya.bhave@bofa.com 
Stephen Juneau 
US Economist 
BofAS 
+1 202 442 7429 
stephen.juneau@bofa.com 
Shruti Mishra 
US Economist 
BofAS 
+1 646 855 1040 
smishra44@bofa.com 
See Team Page for List of Analysts 
Glossary 
CPI: Consumer Price Index 
PMI: Purchasing Managers’ Index 
PPI: Producer Price Index 
NFP: Nonfarm payrolls 
BEA: Bureau of Economic Activity 
PCE: Personal Consumption Expenditures 
FOMC: Federal Open Markt Committee 
GDP: Gross Domestic Product 
SF: Seasonal Factor 
SA: Seasonally Adjusted 
NSA: Non-seasonally Adjusted 
SEP: Summary of Economic Projections 
MA: Moving Average 
HH: Household 
U-rate: Unemployment Rate 
JOLTS: Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey 
LFPR: Labor Force Participation Rate 
BLS: Bureau of Labor Statistics 
OBRA: Ominibus Budget Reconciliation Act 
MMMFs: Money Market Mutual Funds 
Accessible version 

 
 
2 
US Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026 
 
 
    Revisions, risks, rate hikes 
 
Stephen Juneau 
BofAS 
stephen.juneau@bofa.com 
 
• 
Revisions may have lowered the recent level of inflation. However, they do not 
change the story on underlying inflation.  
• 
It’s still at 2.5% and risks to inflation remain titled to the upside from AI demand, 
energy, the labor market, and strong consumer growth.  
• 
Therefore, even if inflation is a little softer after the revisions, we continue to think 
the Fed will take a risk management approach and tighten policy further this year. 
Inflation revisions were dovish, underlying inflation isn’t 
Inflation remains the key determinant of the Fed's near-term policy outlook. This week, 
the BEA revised inflation data following methodological changes to three categories that 
had proven particularly difficult to measure: portfolio management and investment 
advice, computer and software accessories, and legal services (Exhibit 1). As expected, 
the revisions lowered recent inflation readings, although by somewhat more than we 
anticipated. Core PCE inflation was revised down by 35bp in July to 3.0% y/y, and Sep 
printed at 3.0%. 
While these revisions reduced the level of measured inflation and may initially appear 
dovish, they do little to change our assessment of underlying inflation (Exhibit 2). We 
continue to estimate underlying inflation at 2.5% y/y, with little evidence that the trend 
has improved over the past 12 months. In our view, and taking Chair Warsh at his word, 
the trajectory of underlying inflation matters more for policy than the level of headline 
or core PCE alone. By that standard, the inflation picture remains largely unchanged. 
Exhibit 1: Methodological changes revised inflation lower, especially in 
recent months 
Contribution to net revision to core PCE (% y/y) by revised component 
Source: BEA, BofA Global Research 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Exhibit 2: Core PCE may be lower after revisions but underlying 
inflation is still around 2.5% y/y in our view 
Composition of core PCE % y/y 
Source: BEA, BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Risks are still tilted to the upside 
Importantly, the revisions do nothing to alter the distribution of inflation risks. In fact, 
we broadly agree with the Fed's latest assessment that risks to inflation remain skewed 
to the upside (Exhibit 3). Strong AI-related investment, higher energy prices, pockets of 
labor market tightness, and resilient consumer demand all have the potential to keep 
inflation elevated over the coming year. 
-0.4%
-0.2%
0.0%
0.2%
Dec-23
Jun-24
Dec-24
Jun-25
Dec-25
Jun-26
Computer and software accessories
Legal servcies
Portfolio management
Net revision to core PCE % y/y
2.00%
2.25%
2.50%
2.75%
3.00%
3.25%
3.50%
Jan 25
Jul 25
Jan 26
Jul 26
"Underlying inflation"
Tariffs ex AI
Iran

 
 
US Economic Weekly | 02 October 2026
3
 
 
AI demand 
Hyperscalers have dramatically accelerated capital spending, with capex projected to rise 
roughly 90% y/y this year and by a further 36% next year. This investment boom 
represents a sizeable demand shock that is already affecting portions of the price basket 
and could generate broader second-round effects over time. 
While this is an upside risk, the direct inflationary impact is likely to remain limited, 
absent meaningful supply constraints akin to those seen in 2020-23. Electrical 
equipment, computers, and electronic products account for a relatively small share of 
aggregate consumption (Exhibit 4), limiting the pass-through to overall inflation.  
Energy 
Geopolitical disruptions associated with the conflicts involving Iran and Russia-Ukraine 
have contributed to persistent shortages in energy and refined petroleum products. 
These shortages have already lifted headline inflation through higher gasoline prices and 
have contributed to stronger core inflation through categories such as airfares. 
If sustained, higher diesel and fuel costs could gradually feed into a broader range of 
consumer prices via transportation and logistics costs. Though this too is likely a limited 
upside risk since transportation services account for roughly 0.7% of consumption, while 
petroleum and coal products comprise an additional 1.2%. 
Exhibit 3: The FOMC is nearly unanimous in its view that risks to 
inflation are skewed to the upside 
Diffusion index of Fed participants risk weightings on core PCE (>0 = upside 
risks) 
Source: Federal Reserve Board 
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH
Exhibit 4: Rising input costs from AI demand and energy prices pose a 
small upside risk to inflation based on input costs estimates 
Share of total consumption value for specific inputs (2024) 
Source: BEA, BofA Global Research  
BofA GLOBAL RESEARCH 
Wages and labor 
At the aggregate level, the labor market does not currently appear to be a significant 
source of inflation pressure. The vacancy-to-unemployment ratio remains near 1.0, quit 
rates have retraced substantially from their 2021-23 highs, and wage growth has 
continued to moderate. 
However, conditions below the surface are somewhat less benign. Industries linked to 
the data center and AI buildout are experiencing faster wage growth than the private 
sector (Exhibit 5). At the same time, labor force growth continues to face headwinds 
from aging demographics and tighter immigration policies, while payroll growth remains 
near or above breakeven estimates. The risk is that strong profit growth and continued 
investment could eventually reignite labor demand and reintroduce wage-price dynamics. 
An overheating economy 
Perhaps the most immediate upside risk is simply the continued strength of consumer 
demand. Our BAC credit and debit card spending data continue to highlight the 
0.69%
1.22%
0.43%
0.02%
0.0%
0.4%
0.8%
1.2%
1.6%
Transportation
costs
Petroleum and
coal products
Electrical
equipment,
appliances, and
components
Computer and
electronic
products
-1.0
-0.5
0.0
0.5
1.0
2007 2009 2011 2013 2015 2017 2019 2021 2023 2025
Core PCE
