 
Trading ideas and investment strategies discussed herein may give rise to significant risk and are 
not suitable for all investors. Investors should have experience in relevant markets and the financial 
resources to absorb any losses arising from applying these ideas or strategies. 
BofA Securities does and seeks to do business with issuers covered in its research 
reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this 
report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. 
Refer to important disclosures on page 3 to 5.  
 
 
 
US Watch 
Sep jobs: Wake me up when seasonals end 
     
   
 
 
Sep jobs: Soft but not surprising 
The Sep jobs report (NFP: 29k, U-rate: 4.2%) came in soft, but not surprisingly so, given 
the weak seasonals we had anticipated. Private jobs (46k) were very close to our below 
consensus forecast (50k). Even after the downward revisions, three-month average job 
gains (50k) remain above breakeven. On an unrounded basis, the u-rate only moved from 
4.14% to 4.17%, a benign move, especially with the LFPR up. While not soft enough to 
shift the Fed’s focus from inflation, given the slew of recent dovish Fedspeak, we aren’t 
surprised markets viewed this report as another reason to price out an Oct hike. 
Sep seasonal factor more punitive than previous years 
Sep payrolls were hit by a more punitive seasonal adjustment than in ‘25 and ‘24, as we 
had expected. This likely reflected payback for Aug’s unusually favorable seasonal factor, 
which remained relatively strong even after revisions. NSA job growth was stronger than 
in Sep’25, but the seasonal adjustment subtracted 304k jobs vs 229k a year earlier. One 
explanation is the survey calendar, with Aug '26 occurring in a four-week survey interval 
year vs five weeks in both '24 and '25. Underlying job growth remains steady. 
AI impact visible in steady goods producing jobs 
The weakness in job growth, as expected, was driven by leisure & hospitality (10k vs 
Aug: 37k) and local gov’t education (-2k vs Aug: +49k, likely impacted by school calendar 
changes), where most of the Aug upside surprise came from. Education & health, (20k) 
the primary post pandemic driver of job growth has slowed recently. However, goods 
producing jobs grew at a relatively steady pace, led by construction (11k) and 
manufacturing (9k), benefiting from data center investment and defense spending. 
Trade, transport & utilities were also firm at 18k, likely due to recent increase in imports. 
All-important u-rate showed a very benign move up 
On the surface, the u-rate rose from 4.1% to 4.2%. But on an unrounded basis, it only 
increased from 4.14% to 4.17%, a very benign move. Also, the move was for “good 
reasons”. HH employment was up a robust 406k (Aug: 569k), second consecutive large 
increase. Unemployment came in softer (78k vs Aug: 115k). However, the LFPR rose 
two-tenths to 61.8%. Other measures of labor market slack, U2 & U6 were down. 
Slower wages the most dovish part of Sep jobs report 
Unexpectedly, average hourly earnings slowed to 0.1% m/m from 0.3% while average 
weekly hours stayed unchanged. Index of aggregate weekly payrolls (income proxy) also 
slowed a tenth to 4.2% y/y. This was probably the most dovish aspect of the jobs report. 
Fed: This shouldn’t matter, but it might 
The Sep jobs report wasn’t soft enough to shift the Fed’s focus away from inflation. On 
a 12-month basis, u-rate is down, claims are benign and job growth is above breakeven. 
But given the slew of dovish Fedspeak this week, we aren’t surprised that markets 
viewed it as yet another reason to price out an Oct hike. Risks have clearly shifted away 
from our call for an Oct hike: we will revisit the call after the Sep inflation releases. 
02 October 2026   
Macro 
United States 
Shruti Mishra 
US Economist 
BofAS 
smishra44@bofa.com 
Mark Cabana, CFA 
Rates Strategist 
BofAS 
mark.cabana@bofa.com 
Alex Cohen, CFA 
FX Strategist 
BofAS 
alex.cohen2@bofa.com 
US Economics 
BofAS 
See Team Page for List of Analysts 
NFP: Non-farm Payrolls 
NSA: Non-Seasonally Adjusted 
AHE: Average Hourly Earnings 
LFPR: Labor Force Participation Rate 
Gov’t: Government 
SF: Seasonal Factor 
mo: Month 
Avg: Average 
JOLTS: Job Openings and Labor 
Turnover Survey 
k: thousand 
HH: Household 
u-rate: Unemployment Rate 
saar: seasonally adjusted annual rate 
OBBBA: One Big Beautiful Bill Act 
BLS: Bureau of Labor Statistics 
Accessible version 

 
 
2 
US Watch | 02 October 2026 
 
 
 
Market response: Rates and FX 
Rates: 
Rates see the data as overall dovish. The curve initially bull steepened with 2Y & 10Y 
both lower 6-7bps & 30Y lagging lower by 4bps. Market pricing for October hike has 
been pared back from ~7bps (30% odds) to 5bps (~20% odds). Fed path also shifted 
lower by 9bps on day & now sees a Fed terminal rate of 4.6%. Most of the move in out 
the curve was led by lower real rates. Overall, the data suggest less immediacy for near 
term Fed hikes, consistent with Williams & Jefferson comments. The data is challenge to 
our pay 2Y view & curve flattening bias. 
FX: 
The broadly softer-than-expected September report took some wind out of the dollar’s 
sails, but the move has thus far been contained to ~-0.2% vs most G10 
currencies.  However, the DXY was up about 2.5% in September and recently hit fresh 
highs since May-2025.  So the post-data move has been quite modest in context, and 
consistent with the further paring back of expected Fed hikes (October odds from 30% 
to 20%).  Of note, however, this modest repricing had been underway since dovish 
comments from FRBNY President Williams earlier in the week, and the USD continued to 
rally.  This likely reflected a softening risk environment driven by concerns in France, but 
aside from today’s report, the recent data flow in the USD had generally been 
somewhere between neutral-and-solid.  From the US side of things, this soft report 
shouldn’t materially change the Fed’s view on the overall labor market, and the 
September CPI report (due 14-Oct) will likely matter more for the USD’s near-term 
trajectory. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
