GS Codacci-Pisanelli - Macro Roadmap 2 Oct 2026
Cosimo Codacci-Pisanelli  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 2 Oct 2026, 1:32pm ET
ONE LINER: EUROPEAN JITTERS EUROPE CRACKS – DELEVERAGING OR STRUCTURAL...
Europe has been the epicentre of global rate volatility over the last month.
ONE LINER: EUROPEAN JITTERS
EUROPE CRACKS – DELEVERAGING OR STRUCTURAL... Europe has been the epicentre of global
rate volatility over the last month. It started with a sharp curve flattening, which catalysed a ripple effect
into France and triggered a much broader and more pernicious sovereign spread widening. France had its
own idiosyncratic story prior to recent moves - its deficit path and upcoming election - but the initial
catalyst for this week's front-end-led widening was deleveraging. The broadening of the spread widening
and the bear flattening of credit curves shifted the momentum for European duration (at least locally), with
bunds catching an old-school flight-to-quality bid. What does this all mean for the ECB? It is a tightening
of financial conditions, and that should on paper mean less monetary tightening is required; the market has
been quick to price that. The extent of the FCI tightening so far has been relatively modest though - just
35bp over the last month and just 15bp ytd, which equates to only 0.15pp off year-ahead growth. At the
very least it ratifies the current cautious pace of hikes, and it follows Lagarde's comments last week
pointing to a continuation of the quarterly pace. Sequential hikes are much less likely and October ECB
pricing is now down to 4bp - this makes sense to us against the current backdrop. Could the ECB be
forced to support sovereign spreads with the TPI tool? The speed of the move of course matters, but
spread levels here still look some way off where that would be deemed worrying. There is also the
question of whether France would be eligible without any further fiscal commitment... again, this probably
requires a further widening to force both sides to act.
The immediate and bigger question is whether this widening has been just a severe bout of deleveraging,
or a sign of something bigger at play. The US-centric AI capex cycle is pushing the cost of capital higher
globally. That is fine for the US, where nominal growth remains high enough to sustain those higher levels
of rates. But does Europe reap enough of the benefits from a growth perspective to be fine too? Or does it
just pay the price of a higher cost of funding? We have sympathy with this argument over the medium
term, particularly for countries with deficit trajectories like France. Perhaps this week is the first sign of
cracks appearing - Europe might not be able to sustain these levels of rates and funding when growth is
just ~1%. If that is the case, then structural cross-market divergence trades in the European belly forward
vs the US might be the longer-term trade.
Front end country spreads were widening aggressively this week...
Front end France had a 16sd(!) move through September...
European FCIs have only widened modestly so far though...

THE COST OF CAPITAL IS THE STRUCTURAL STORY... Energy has been the immediate driver for
rates over the last six months, and the betas reflect that. It has absorbed enough attention that it has been
easy to lose sight of the bigger structural theme for rates markets: the rising cost of capital in the middle of
an historic capex cycle. Add wide fiscal deficits, a subdued demand base and higher nominal growth... and
long-end real yields have continued to drift higher.. 30y reals are now ~70bp higher year-to-date, north of
3%. For much of that move it has been a constant drift rather than a convex sell-off, though it has
accelerated in recent weeks. The grind higher is symptomatic of a supply/demand imbalance - a market
trying to find a clearing level for duration where either levels bring more demand, or supply slows as
issuers step back. Demand has not appeared in enough size yet, and supply on both the private and public
sides is not slowing. Patchwork attempts to toggle the demand or supply side - buybacks, SLR relief,
WAM shortening, QT design - have delivered micro impacts in ASW and curve, but outright rates keep
drifting higher. Given the extent of the rate sell-off, equities have held in remarkably well, which reflects
the strength of the AI story. We have had a near-2sd move higher in long-end rates in recent weeks, but
equities are a whisker off the highs.... This theme extends to the rest of the year, where we have swung
from pricing a cutting cycle to a material hiking cycle and yet FCIs are only 40bp tighter on the year, with
half of that coming in the last two weeks. It might help explain why growth has held up so well, and it
illustrates the impact of AI via the equity channel, effectively pushing short-term R higher - a theme that is
implicitly coming through in central bank communications on neutral rates currently.
Long-term historical valuations look cheap, but what stops the momentum and provides a catalyst for
reversal? 1/ a slowing of AI capex, through power/regulatory bottlenecks or a questioning of ROI . 2/
fiscal tightening, still a long way away given the political appetite for it. 3/ a cyclical shift or inflation
relief... maybe what we are seeing in Europe is the clearest pathway to that, as a higher global cost of
capital causes something to break. The rate move has done a lot, so fresh shorts here are hard to advocate.
We think rallies stay shallow absent a shift in the AI outlook (and that outlook stays bullish on what the
micro is telling us) or a further deterioration in the macro. The playbook this year has been long stocks,
short rates... into year end, if the macro can calm, the pathway is there for a rip higher on the equity side..
we just need the macro to calm.
30y real yields just keep going...
The long end rate sell off has been more than 2sd over the last 20 days...but equities have proved
resilient...
FCIs have started to tighten...but the moves remain modest considering the extent of the rate sell off...
...because equities have remained resilient...
FED HIKES = MORE DIVIDED ECONOMY… The Fed reaction function has been incredibly hard to
predict this year, and this week did nothing to make it easier. Williams and Jefferson leaned dovish, which,
together with a softer core PCE print, has pushed October FOMC pricing lower. The downward revision to
yoy core PCE growth from the methodological changes was larger than expected. GIR now look for 3.0%
core PCE on a Q4/Q4 basis.. well below the median FOMC participant at 3.4%. The NFP print did nothing
to reverse the momentum either: job growth was a touch weaker than expected with downward revisions,

and wage growth was softer. Wherever the Fed's near-term path lands, it is investment spending that is the
dominant driver of the US cycle currently, and it is not clear how sensitive that is to the Fed rate path (look
at the (lack of) equity reaction to the recent UST sell-off). There is clearly focus from the committee
around having had five years of above-target inflation, which could warrant a few hikes. But the real stress
or imbalance is in the long end of the curve. It is real rates driving this, not inflation breakevens.. a
hawkish Fed can help stop breakevens adding to the long-end move, but does little to help the underlying
real rate trend. The more the Fed hikes on the back of the investment demand impulse, the more K-shaped
the economy will become. Rate-sensitive sectors that are already weak (housing) and lower income
quartiles will continue to divide further against the AI boom.
| FOMC | Mids | Bps priced | 25bp hikes priced | Spread | | Oct-26 | 394.1 | 5.4 | 0.2 | | | Dec-26 | 414.3 |
25.6 | 1.0 | 20.2 | | Jan-27 | 424.3 | 35.7 | 1.4 | 10.0 | | Mar-27 | 442.7 | 54.0 | 2.2 | 18.4 | | Apr-27 | 452.8 |
64.1 | 2.6 | 10.1 | | Jun-27 | 465.1 | 76.4 | 3.1 | 12.3 | | Jul-27 | 468.5 | 79.8 | 3.2 | 3.4 | | Sep-27 | 472.9 | 84.2 |
3.4 | 4.4 |
Source for all charts, unless specified: GS GMD, as of 02Oct26. Past performance is not indicative of
future results
IN SUMMARY... This year is not getting any easier. European fragmentation risk was not on many
people's bingo cards, but it adds another tail to an already challenging rate distribution. Is it just the
rippling effect of the September deleveraging that started with a continuation of the energy crisis and a
reappraisal of front-end rate paths? Or is there something more structural to read from this week? This
could be an externality from the bigger secular theme right now: the increasing cost of global capital.
Europe does not benefit to the same degree on the growth side of the capex boom, and countries like
France with high debt repayments and poor deficit trajectories will struggle. Despite multiple macro
headwinds, equities have held in imperiously, testament to the strength of the micro/AI story right now.
That means (i) the cost of capital thematic is not going away, and (ii) it sets equities up for a rip into year
end if the macro can calm down. The Fed remains hard to call as we piece together their reaction function
under Warsh, but our conviction remains that hikes are not going to temper the investment boom and will
only exacerbate the K-shaped economy.
Good luck.





Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
