GS Kamshad - GS TMT TODAY 10.2.26
Leyla Kamshad  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 2 Oct 2026, 7:47am ET
Good Morning. Futures bid up solidly (Nasd +75bps, S&P +50bps), with Oil lower (WTI -4%) and bond
yields retreating slightly off the highs (10yr 5.23%) ahead of this morning’s Payrolls data, where GS
estimates nonfarm payrolls rose by 80k in September, slightly below consensus of +88k. Fair amount of
micro news out in TMT overnight driving large premarket moves, including: STX -11% and WDC -7% on
reports of Toshiba investing ¥60bn to double its production capacity for hard disk drives; ON +8% on an
amendment to Synaptics deal terms (now all cash deal, immediately accretive to EPS); APP -5% on
another negative sell-side note (stock now lower in 13 of 14 sessions); and TWLO +1.5% on S&P500 add
news.
TMT NEWS:
STX/WDC: Toshiba to double hard disk drive supply to fill AI chip memory gap – Nikkei
Japanese technology group Toshiba plans to double production capacity for hard disk drives used in
artificial intelligence data centers within fiscal 2027 as the AI boom propels data storage demand. The
company will invest roughly 60 billion yen ($380 million) to expand facilities in the Philippines to create a
more stable supply of critical components for AI infrastructure. Toshiba is one of the three leaders in the
HDD market along with Western Digital and Seagate Technologies, both based in the U.S. The Japanese
player's share by storage capacity stands at just over 10%, but it aims to reach 30% in the medium term.
The Philippine expansion marks the company's first major HDD investment in around five years. Along
with adding production lines at the plant, Toshiba will handle new products that increase per-unit memory
capacity by as much as 40%.
AMZN/NVDA: Amazon seeks to offload $8bn of Nvidia chips to investors – FT
Amazon is seeking to offload about $8bn of advanced Nvidia chips to external investors through a new
vehicle aimed at strengthening its balance sheet, according to people familiar with the matter. The Seattle-
based cloud giant has held talks with investors in recent weeks to gauge interest in the deal, which would
allow the company to spin off thousands of Grace Blackwell chips it is deploying in data centres across
the US into a special-purpose vehicle. Amazon will then lease the advanced AI chips back from the SPV,
which would tap outside investors through debt issuance. By unloading the expensive semiconductors to
investors, the company could adopt a more asset-light approach to its balance sheet. Amazon declined to
comment.
Chipmaker Onsemi revised the purchase terms of its acquisition of Synaptics Inc., a maker of
semiconductors for smart devices, agreeing to pay about $5.7 billion in cash rather than roughly $7 billion
in shares. Under the new accord, Onsemi will pay $123 per share, according to a statement Thursday.
Though the previous deal value was higher, it took the form of an all-stock transaction. Onsemi made the
change after an “unsolicited competing proposal” from a third party, according to the statement, which

didn’t cite the suitor. The company expects the deal to immediately add to its earnings, while providing
“value certainty” for Synaptics shareholders.
TWLO: Twilio set to join S&P500 index, replacing Warner Bros. Discovery, effective October 6
T/TMUS/VZ: US wireless carriers name Paul Roth interim CEO for satellite connectivity venture –
Reuters
AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon have appointed wireless industry veteran Paul Roth as interim chief
executive of their new joint venture aimed at expanding satellite-enabled mobile coverage, the companies
said on Thursday. The largest U.S. wireless companies said the venture -- first announced in May -- seeks
to expand coverage in underserved areas across the U.S and end nearly all dead zones without mobile
service. The plan also aims to ensure redundant connectivity during natural disasters and improved
network performance using so-called "direct to device" satellite technology. Some ⁠analysts also suggest
the joint venture could be defensive, citing Elon Musk's SpaceX. SpaceX's ambition to build a full-fledged
mobile service rattled investors in the U.S. wireless sector after the company in August outlined plans that
could eventually pit Starlink against the three major U.S. telecoms. SpaceX acquired 65 megahertz of
wireless spectrum from EchoStar for $19.6 billion through two deals announced last year, giving Starlink
airwaves to expand into mobile services.
MACRO: US futures rallying as USTs continue to hold onto yday’s gains (UST2yr unch @ 4.79% //
UST10yr -0.5bps @ 5.235% // UST30yr -0.5bps @ 5.605%).
Crude is retreating after reports European countries are holding talks about potentially releasing diesel
stockpiles/Franch suggested 100mb of diesel + crude oil (FT/BBG). Eurozone headline CPI was slightly
hotter while core printed in-line and Tokyo CPI printed very hot across the board.
Macro focus: US September NFP and Unemployment Rate @ 8:30, Eurozone CPI; Hong Kong retail
sales; Japan unemployment, South Korea CPI
Fed Speakers: Logan (Voter, 10 AM), Goolsbee (non-voter, 12 PM)
TRADING:
Most Active High Touch: ACN, NVDA, CTSH, NFLX, TTAN, PINS, GOOGL, PANW
Sector/Basket Performance:
Singles:
RESEARCH: Adobe Inc. (ADBE): The AI Turnaround Phase? Five strategic questions into new
leadership Link
Anil Chakravarthy will be stepping into the President and CEO role on 12/1, as part of Adobe's planned
leadership transition initially announced on 3/12. Mr. Chakravarthy had previously served as President of
Adobe’s Customer Experience Orchestration business and worldwide field operations. David Wadhwani,
President of the Creativity & Productivity Business, is simultaneously stepping down to found a new
venture; and Adobe is also in the process of appointing a permanent CFO. We view some of the most

attractive alpha generation opportunities in Software over the next 12 months as those companies that can
execute a transition from "AI loser" to "AI winner" -- and believe new leadership provides a catalyst for
change. In the context of the consensus view that Adobe will face headwinds from AI, we outline 5
strategic questions to consider that could potentially leverage the company's core IP into new AI-centric
growth vectors. Consistent with our work on moats throughout the year, Adobe’s turnaround playbook will
likely depend on its ability to modernize a complex product architecture, accelerate innovation through
both organic investment and targeted M&A, and convert feature adoption into monetization. As is the case
for the cohort of 2010-2020 leading SaaS companies, the key will be to what extent leadership is willing to
make bold strategic decisions in a heightened competitive landscape, vs. smaller tweaks that are largely an
extension of the prior 3-5 year strategy. We maintain our Sell rating: we look for visibility into strategic
decisions, followed by execution on new initiatives, all while competition intensifies and growth in the
TAM accrues to new entrants.
South Korea Tech: Memory: MU 4QFY26 read-across: Expecting 2027 and 2028 memory S/D to be much
tighter than 2026; Buy SEC/Hynix Link
On September 30 (U.S. time), Micron (MU, covered by James Schneider) reported its 4QFY26 (June-
August) earnings results. We provide a read-across to our covered South Korean memory suppliers,
Samsung Electronics (SEC) and SK Hynix (Hynix), which include: 1) MU expects CY27 and CY28 S/D
to be much tighter compared to CY26, 2) MU DRAM ASP growth inline, while NAND ASP growth
higher than our 3Q26 estimates for SEC/Hynix, 3) 10 additional SCAs signed; customers requesting
longer duration and larger supply from SCAs, 4) HBM pricing to increase significantly in 2027; in line
with our expectations on SEC's substantial HBM pricing growth, and 5) additional capex planned to
prepare for beyond 2028. Reiterate Buy on SEC (on APAC CL) and Hynix.
South Korea Tech: September 2026 export tracker: DRAM exports reach another all-time high at
US$33bn (+552% yoy) Link
According to the MOTIE (Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy) and the TRASS (Trade Statistics
Service), exports for the major tech products we track (memory, OLED, Li-ion batteries, and MLCC)
showed an overall positive trend except for in display products (-10% yoy). Export value for Li-ion
batteries (+1% yoy), MLCC (+22% yoy), and WFE equipment (+148% yoy) all achieved positive growth
rates for September, with memory exports delivering growth of +359% yoy, marking 8 consecutive
months of 200%+ yoy growth. WFE equipment import again showed strong growth of +65% yoy. There
were 2.5 fewer working days compared to September 2025 (21.5 days in September 2026 vs. 24 days in
September 2025). Key points are: 1) DRAM export value growth reached +552% yoy in September, 2)
MLCC exports increased by +22% yoy, and 3) YTD Hynix epoxide resins import +4% yoy, while SEC
plastic film import +61% yoy.
STREET ACTIONS:
EVENTS:
Fri 10/2: NFPs (cons +100k) + Durable Goods



Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
