GS Pasquariello - markets / macro 2 Oct 2026
Tony Pasquariello  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  FICC & Equities
Fri 2 Oct 2026, 12:46pm ET
three down, one to go. limber up for what should be a spirited Q4 in the shooting gallery. this is a set of
short points on what I’m seeing / hearing
three down, one to go. limber up for what should be a spirited Q4 in the shooting gallery. this is a set of
short points on what I’m seeing / hearing / thinking:
1. another week of uneven news flow and gathering pressure across global bond markets. yet, S&P keeps
rolling with the punches, and NDX just made a higher high. set against that, equal-weight S&P is down
seven straight weeks. one could read this as a marker of patently terrible market breadth. one could also
read this as yet another example of how hard it is to beat plain old cap-weighted S&P, led by US mega cap
tech.
2. in that context, I struggled to find the word choice to characterize Q3 -- “tricky” was the best I came up
with -- but here’s a framing: the Magnificent Seven was UP 11%. in turn, cap-weighted S&P was UP 2%.
in contrast, equal-weight S&P was DOWN 2%. in addition, the Russell was DOWN 8%. alongside all of
this, of course, was a surge higher in US rates (e.g. 10s backed up -- ahem -- 82 bps).
3. at the single stock and sector levels of the market, the leaders are leading (driven by superb earnings
growth) and the laggards are lagging (given the impingement of rates and oil). on one hand, you can argue
the market is rational, the game is straightforward and one should attack the obvious trends with high
gross exposure. that gives short shrift, however, to the volatility of momentum -- a factor that was belted
in July (-30%) and August (-14%), before ripping in September (+27%). said another way, the fast money
game is harder than it appears.
4. again, US tech has reasserted leadership of the market. again, it’s been in the doing. which is to say:
META is up 25% over the past month given the presumed birth of agentic AI for the almighty US
consumer. another example: MU demonstrated that a stock with a huge market cap -- and a stubborn
multiple -- can still rally on superb earnings. or this: NVDA added $150bn to their buyback plan, which
now totals $235bn (that’s not something I’d look to pick a fight with -- note nearly $300bn of market cap
expansion since the announcement).
5. so, if you’re wondering why NDX has rallied in 11 of the past 13 days despite the charge higher in
interest rates, I’d argue the answer lies in fundamental news flow of these monstrous companies. part-and-
parcel of that, it’s the one part of the market where capital clearly flowed in
6. now let’s dig into what’s going on in the bond market. this week’s podcast is with our senior most
trader, Anshul Sehgal: link.
7. I thought this was a good take -- from one of my partners who has a front row seat for the action in the
Asian equity markets: “it is a sign of the times that portions of the global investment community remain

underweight a region where some of its largest market cap companies have sell-side price targets implying
~90% upside. the willingness to add risk remains remarkably measured” (link).
8. speaking of Asia, the Japanese equity market continues to impress. here’s another good take from a
local colleague that resonated with me: “Japan has outperformed the S&P YTD, but it doesn't feel like it.
TOPIX is up 20.0% in local terms against roughly 11.8% for the S&P, with the Nikkei up 36.6%. between
JPY swings, sharp rotations and the wait for a fresh TOPIX high, it hasn't always felt like a winning tape.
the path matters. so does what you own” (link).
9. Iran: lots of talk, no progress. if anything, it feels like the temperature is set to rise. with that said,
Persian Gulf exports of oil are back to the average level of 2025 (link). I’m not arguing that the war isn’t
an open risk for stocks -- I’m simply pointing out that the oil market has quickly adapted to a seemingly
intractable situation. it’s here that I’ll return to a line from the great Neil Mehta in the depths of March:
“oil usually finds a way to flow.”
10. I will circle back next week with a full directional framework, but for the moment, I’ll register this:
there’s a ton of things to worry about right now, and S&P has been stuck in the mud at 7700 for a good
while now, but I like the technical setup for the market. why? a decent chop of quarter-end / month-end
supply is behind us. both long only funds and the levered community have clearly shed length. as the Q3
reporting period moves along, buybacks should kick fully into gear. and, the US retail investor was lazy as
a fox in September.
11. a few quick points for the road:
i. if you’re curious where capital is flowing within an ETF complex that’s growing like a weed, this is an
excellent check-down: link.
ii. in the context of rampant calls for de-dollarization at various turns over recent years, I find it a little
interesting that foreign investors are still pouring into US equities: < link.
iii. Europe: while repeating my respect for the doggedness of European equities in the face of so many
headwinds, given the gathering pressures across EU sovereign debt stacks, I struggle to work out how it
can compete with US and Asian equities in the next round.
iv. Drake Maye: buy the dip.
12. two charts for the road:
i. on one hand, global rates are melting higher ... here I’m zeroing in on 10-year yields in the US (white
line) and Japan (red line):
ii. and, yet, US mega cap tech companies are fighting through it to make higher highs ... perhaps the
biggest question into Q4 is whether these stocks can remain “duration resistant”:
source for all data: Bloomberg as of 02Oct26. past performance is not indicative of future results. all
references to "we/us/our" refer to the views and observations of the desk.
Tony Pasquariello Goldman Sachs 200 West St. New York, NY 10282 212-357-2785

Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, Marquee, as of 18 September 2026.
