 
Goldman's Pasquariello On The 'Tug-Of-War' 
Between Stocks & Bonds 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, OCT 01, 2026 - 06:00 PM 
After a few weeks of decoupling between the bond market and the equity market (at least at the 
headline level), with each day's regime between caring (positively or negatively) about A.I., Oil, 
or Rates; traders are getting tired of the high-beta-headline-watching algos (or the VaR-Shock 
strategy of an administration trying to exhaust traders' risk budgets enough that they stop buying 
crude). 
The headline equity index has gone nowhere for two months, while the median stock has 
tumbled to almost six month lows... 
 
And in that time, Treasury yields have exploded higher... 

 
 
In light of all that malarkey, Goldman Sachs global head of hedge fund coverage, Tony 
Pasquariello, penned a few short points on the ongoing tug-of-war between equities and interest 
rates (pro subs can read the full note here): 
The bond market continues to skate on thin ice.  
To level set: 2-year notes have backed up a full 145 bps YTD ... 10-year notes are offering 
yields not seen since the infamous summer of 2007 ... and the chart below clearly illustrates 
what’s going on in real rates.  
This is a chart of 10-year TIPS that goes back a quarter century.   

 
 
It’s not good news -- particularly for assets that offer zero yield (hence why I’m taking it on the 
chin in gold).   
At the same time, it also demonstrates that a good dose of risk premium is now in the price of 
real rates (pro subs can read the full Goldman note: "Global Market Views" here).   
Either way, this only serves to up the ante for Corporate America to sustain the remarkable run 
of earnings growth that has counteracted these macro stresses. 
Have higher rates been a constraint on the stock market of late?   
For sure.  
At the headline level, despite an unbelievably good run of micro data points, S&P has been 
mired in a tyrannical range trade around the 7700 level for the past two months.  

 
 
As a consequence of that, the spec community has cut a significant amount of length in US 
equities. 
Below the hood of the index, the rate-sensitive parts of the market have begun to pay a clear 
price.  
Consider these drawdowns from their respective local highs: biotech -8% ... small cap -9% ... 
REITs -10% ... homebuilders -15% ... utilities -15% ... non-profitable tech -19%.  
At the same time, S&P sits “just a weekly straddle away” from ATH.  
In addition, NDX made higher highs as recently as last Tuesday.  
So, despite a surge in yields along the curve -- and across global bond markets -- the most 
important equity indices have impressively held their ground. 
What explains this resilience?  
Let’s start with the basics:  
While higher rates are clearly a headwind for certain parts of the market, and I certainly don’t 
know what the tipping point is, the stocks that carry the most weight in the index haven’t spit the 
bit.  
Which is to say: US mega cap tech has powered ahead thanks to a steady stream of 
thesis-affirming news (e.g. Meta’s Muse, NVDA’s eye-popping buyback). 

 
It’s also worth underlining this fact: while US 10-year note yields have pushed higher for seven 
consecutive months, point-to-point, inflation breakevens have barely budged over that period of 
time.  
I’m NOT saying that one should dismiss everything that’s going on with the bond market.   
And, I’m not suggesting that higher real yields aren’t a challenge for many assets, whether they 
offer yield or not (more on this at the end). what I’m trying to point out, however, is that inflation 
is NOT the primary driver of the recent backup (as distinct from the wrecking ball that upended 
risky assets in 2022).  
I’ll also underline an important point from Ben Snider: one year ago, 10-year note yields were 
4.14%; today, they’re 5.27%.  one year ago, the forward P/E of S&P was 23x; today it’s 19x.  
Now, here’s where it gets interesting: along that path, the spread between the earnings yield of 
S&P and 10-year note yields has been remarkably steady.  
As I see it, here’s the moral of the story so far: 
The stock market isn’t ignorant to what’s going on in the bond market, hence the decline in the 
multiple; rather, stocks have managed through the headwinds thanks to superb earnings 
growth.  said another way: yes, rates matter, but so do profits.  
Now, for the bears... 
One can reference the history book: when 10-year notes back up 2 standard deviations in one 
month’s time, S&P usually begins to show some strain.  

 
 
It’s here I’ll point out that in today’s terms, 2 standard deviations is around 50 bps on nominal 
yields, so that rule of thumb was just triggered.  
I should also note here that the “speed limit” is most acute when it’s driven by a surge in real 
yields (Pro subs can read the full Goldman note: "The impact of higher interest rates on equities 
in charts" here).  
For the bulls... 
As Rich Privorotsky pointed out to me, one can turn their history book to the chapter on 1999.  
Which is to say: 
The Fed first began hiking in late June, and they went two more times thereafter.  
From the first hike to the end of the year, 10-year note yields rose from 5.78% to 6.44%.   
Alongside this, NDX rallied -- ahem -- 61%.   
In fact, NDX doubled from the lows of October 1999 to the highs of March 2000.  
I’m not saying things ended well -- I’m saying that you need to be careful with big shorts when 
the primary trend of the equity market is higher. 

 
Let me pull this all together...   
To be clear, I’ve been around long enough to respect that liquidity withdrawal by the Fed is to be 
taken seriously.  
And, as mentioned of late, the history book is clear that the early innings of a tightening cycle 
are typically bumpy (pro subs can read the full Goldman note: "" here). 
 
I’m also going to worry about the risk of our debt-and-deficits for a good while longer.  
With that said, in the absence of an inflation surge -- or a credit problem, more on this in a 
minute -- I view higher rates as a headwind to stocks, NOT as a wrecking ball.  
Part-and-parcel of this view is an expectation that earnings growth will remain healthy, which is 
indeed our forecast (pro subs can read the Goldman note: "Over-earnings, but not an earnings 
bubble" here) 

 
 
When I went back and read my notes from the summer of 2007, one thing really stuck out: while 
few would have guessed where it would all end up, it was already clear that the credit and 
mortgage markets were starting to fall apart.  
Consider this line from that August: 
What's so worrisome about this episode?   
Foremost, the availability of credit -- liquidity in its most explicit form -- was a piston upon which 
all asset markets raged since the Fed jammed their monetary accelerator all the way to 1%.  if 
the sequencing we witnessed continues (sub-prime => structured product  => investment grade, 
high yield, LCDX => equities => collateral and money markets) it's hard to see that availability of 
credit (as distinct from the absolute level of credit) get back to what it was before.   
Said another way: the lender that originated my mortgage just 12 weeks ago isn't extending rate 
locks today. 
There’s some wisdom in that: to a point, stocks can coexist with a bumpy US Treasury market -- 
it’s a different ballgame, however, when funding and credit markets seize up.  while not without 
some wear-and-tear in certain areas of late, the US IG market has held up reasonably well.  
So, in terms of the tactics of execution, I’m still going with this construct: 
it’s a bull market and the primary trend is higher, but core length in US equities should be paired 
with some trading length in commodities (BCOM and GSCI have done their job this year) and a 
trading short in fixed income (expressed simply through the options market).  

 
I’d also point out -- as a few clients and colleagues have -- that when the options market offers 
you inexpensive tail hedges on the sectors that are most sensitive to financial stress, the bulls 
should take advantage of that.  
As Dom Wilson stressed to me, those options would come in very handy if one’s asset mix is 
long stocks / long commodities / short bonds.  
Professional subscribers can read Goldman's Tony Pasquariello's full note here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
