 
Bonds Aren't Cheap Yet; Goldman Says Long-End 
"Still Totally Bidless" 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
THURSDAY, OCT 01, 2026 - 09:50 PM 
Treasuries are "still totally bidless" at the long-end, according to Goldman Sachs one-delta 
desk-head, Rich Privorotsky (pro subs can read his full note, covering AI, Iran/Energy, and 
France here). 
PCE came lighter, but it barely changed the long-end trajectory. 
An October rate-hike looks less likely after softer inflation and Fed speak, but the stress remains 
further out the curve. 
 
Forward inflation expectations inching higher with SPX/Heating oil. 
Payrolls tomorrow and ISM today matter.  
After the strength in PMIs, ISM probably has some upside asymmetry for bonds… given how 
hot PMI was if it simply fails to confirm another acceleration it could give duration some relief. 

 
We have taken hikes out of the front end... the real problem is the back end still doesn’t care. 
(Long-end bond volatility expectations have completely decoupled from short-end anxiety) 
 
As Privorotsky concludes, "this really needs to calm." 
The recent rapid rise in yields has triggered a number of historical-data backed red flags (it's the 
velocity, not the level)... 
 

 
...but we are getting close to the level that breaks stocks. 
“We’ve identified 5.5% on US 10-year bonds as the level at which pressure really starts kicking 
in on equity markets,” said Florian Roger at BNP Paribas CIB.  
“We’re nearly there and that’s when valuations can start looking excessive.” 
 
But as Bloomberg macro strategist, Simon White, explains, don't be fooled: Treasuries might 
look cheap against stocks, GDP and the global cycle, but on their own historical terms they 
have more to fall before they become oversold and ready for a durable bounce. 
The counter-rally in Treasuries has yet to come, with 10-year yields as high as 5.34% so far 
failing to get buyers’ salivary glands going. That is surprising as Treasuries are starting to look 
good value from several perspectives. Yet holding off might turn out to be a wise move because, 
as we’ll see, an Occam’s razor approach shows that they could fall even more before they 
become oversold. Nonetheless, shorting is not a good idea when there is the looming prospect 
of government intervention. 
Here’s a chart I love. It shows the US 10-year yield versus the average of US nominal GDP and 
10-year bund yields. Aside from the pandemic and the GFC, it has hugged fairly closely to the 
US yield, which has just risen above it. 

 
 
Nominal GDP captures domestic economic and inflation conditions, and typically you’d want 
longer-term yields to be below it (as they are today). The bund yield captures the global 
interest-rate regime and business cycle. Treasuries are now therefore cheap compared with this 
benchmark, yet foreign or domestic buyers have yet to emerge in a declamatory fashion. 
Buyers have been unstirred despite the clear rise in yields versus fundamentals. The 10-year 
yield is over 60 bps higher than its fair value, implied by global central bank rate hikes, the yield 
curve, oil and the policy rate. 

 
 
Treasuries are also cheap relative to stocks. The equity risk premium, ie the trailing earnings 
yield versus the 10-year yield, is negative and is as low as it’s been for over 20 years. (On a 
forward earnings basis, the equity risk premium is not quite as low as it was in 2025, but it’s very 
close.) 
 

 
Adjusting yields for term premium gives a fairer comparison. After all, one likely wouldn’t jump 
into bonds from stocks if the rise in yields was entirely driven by compensation for worsening 
Treasury risks. On this basis USTs are not quite as cheap, but still attractive (bottom panel of 
chart above). 
On a price basis too, Treasuries look cheap against stocks. The stock-bond ratio has declined 
slightly as Treasuries have sold off, but it still remains approximately one standard-deviation 
rich. As we can see, the series tends to oscillate around its mean, overshooting to the upside 
and downside. 
 
Compared to global government markets in the aggregate, Treasuries do not look particularly 
undervalued, as bonds around the world have also been selling off. But they do not look 
overvalued either. US yields have risen at about the same pace as the global developed-market 
average in recent months. 
Nevertheless, caveat emptor. There are reasons why yields can keep rising, even if there is a 
retrenchment in the shorter term. 

 
 
Simple ideas are often the best. With fewer inputs, they are less prone to overfitting. That is why 
I prefer to gauge the longer-term path for Treasuries by looking simply at their annual return. As 
the chart shows, this reverts to the mean over the longer term. 
 

 
Yet, as with a pendulum, it rarely stays in the middle. It typically overshoots to the downside 
when falling, and to the upside when rising. As we can see, the annual return of the Treasury 
index is back to its trending mean. 
Treasuries are not yet oversold on this basis. But there’s a good chance they will become so 
though if history is a guide. In three-quarters of the prior occasions when the annual return has 
been falling over the previous six months and is back at its mean (as is the case today), the 
return was yet lower three months later (based on over 50 years of data). 
That’s certainly feasible when we look at real yields. The bulk of the rise in nominal yields has 
been driven by reals, with inflation breakevens remaining relatively contained (although don’t fall 
into the trap of thinking this is telling us much of import about where inflation will actually end 
up). 
Real yields are set to keep rising. The chart below shows my leading indicator for 10-year reals, 
based on excess liquidity, global central bank rate hikes and the Federal Reserve’s policy rate. 
As we can see it has done a good job of leading the 10-year real yield by three to four months. 
 
Any buyer of Treasuries should also be cognizant of the fiscal dynamics they are opening 
themselves up to. The US has one of the largest budget deficits in the world, with only Brazil, 
Poland, Hungary and Colombia having a higher one in GDP terms among major emerging and 
developed market countries. 
That is no doubt in part because the US has one of the highest interest bills in the world relative 
to GDP (and the highest in dollar terms), beaten only by Italy. But even stripping that out, the US 

 
is left with the largest global primary budget deficit, bar the UK’s which is a fraction wider (and 
not really fiscal company that one wants to be keeping). 
 
Perhaps most importantly, a buyer of Treasuries here should be aware that risks could become 
reflexive if yields keep rising. As they do so, so does volatility, which then impacts margining and 
Treasury risk limits. Higher volatility typically goes hand in hand with worsening liquidity in the 
Treasury market. 

 
 
Further, historically Treasuries have become persistently positively correlated with stocks when 
yields stay much above 5.25% to 5.50% in the 10-year, winnowing away demand for them as 
portfolio hedge. 
It’s not looking good for the government bond market, which is why further intervention is on the 
cards. It’s likely no coincidence the Treasury this week hired Jefferies’ Chief Market Strategist 
David Zervos as an adviser. In an interview yesterday, Zervos stated the Treasury is taking back 
control of the maturity of the debt, adding “you want to watch very closely how that gets 
managed.” 
Markets that become subject to a government put are hard to short, but that doesn’t mean it’s a 
good reason to buy them either. 
Professional subscribers can read more from Goldman's Sales & Trading team here at our new 
Marketdesk.ai portal 
 
 
 
