Article | 2 October 2026
1
THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article  |  2 October 2026
  UNITED STATES
Cooler US jobs growth supports a
Federal Reserve pause in October
In the wake of dovish-leaning comments from the Fed leadership and
softer-than-anticipated inflation, today s weaker-than-predicted jobs
figures have further diminished the chances of an October interest rate
hike. December remains the most likely date for the next move. We
continue to believe market pricing for additional action is too aggressive
Manufacturing jobs increased for a fourth consecutive month in September, one of the bright spots in a
weaker-than-expected nonfarm payrolls number
29,000
Number of jobs added in September
Lower than expected
September jobs report was weaker on all three key metrics
The US September jobs report is softer than expected on all three key metrics. 1) non-farm
payrolls rose +29k versus the +90k consensus with 60k of downward revisions, 2) the

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 2 October 2026
2
unemployment rate ticks up to 4.2% from 4.1%, driven by a partial recovery in the
participation rate (people returning to the workforce) and 3) and wage growth of 3% year-on-
year versus 3.1%, suggesting that there is no inflation threat emanating from the jobs market.
It chimes with the latest comments from Federal Reserve big hitters John Williams (NY Fed
president) and Philip Jefferson (Vice Chair), suggesting they may need more time/no urgency
to hike rates. As such, the Fed leadership is clearly leaning in the direction of an October hold,
meaning it will require a hot September CPI print (due 14 October) to make the meeting
interesting. December remains our call on the next Fed hike.
In terms of some of the details, manufacturing is the bright spot with the fourth consecutive
monthly rise and 72,000 jobs cumulatively added since the start of the year. This is consistent
with strong survey readings for the sector, with advanced manufacturing (pharma, transport &
aerospace, computing & electronics) performing particularly well. Construction also increased,
potentially tied to the strength in data centre activity. Services are weaker though, with
information (-10k), financial (-7k), professional business services (-9k) and government (-17k)
all falling. The chart below shows that the 'big 3' job-creating sectors remain private education
and healthcare services, government (state & local rather than federal) and leisure and
hospitality.
Cumulative employment change since December 2022 (000s)
Source: Macrobond, ING
Labour market slack points to weak wage growth
The rise in the unemployment rate shouldn’t be much of a surprise. It is a low hire, low fire
economy and the lack of opportunities has led to a hefty fall in labour participation. It can be a
little choppy, and we saw a 485,000 increase in the labour force last month, lifting the
participation rate to 61.8% from 61.6%. There are now similar numbers of unemployed people

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 2 October 2026
3
and job vacancies. In early 2022, there were two job vacancies for every unemployed
American. Unsurprisingly, this demand-supply swing lower is depressing wage growth, with
the low quits rate suggesting further downside risks to wage growth relative to the current,
already low, 3% rate. This suggests there is no inflation threat coming from the jobs market
and reinforces our view that the market pricing of 3–4 Fed rate hikes looks too aggressive.
Low quits rate points to ongoing wage weakness
Source: Macrobond, ING
Author
James Knightley
Chief International Economist, US
james.knightley@ing.com
Disclaimer
This publication has been prepared by the Economic and Financial Analysis Division of ING Bank N.V. (“ING”) solely for
information purposes without regard to any particular user's investment objectives, financial situation, or means. ING forms
part of ING Group (being for this purpose ING Group N.V. and its subsidiary and affiliated companies). The information in the
publication is not an investment recommendation and it is not investment, legal or tax advice or an offer or solicitation to
purchase or sell any financial instrument. Reasonable care has been taken to ensure that this publication is not untrue or
misleading when published, but ING does not represent that it is accurate or complete. ING does not accept any liability for
any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from any use of this publication. Unless otherwise stated, any views, forecasts,
or estimates are solely those of the author(s), as of the date of the publication and are subject to change without notice.
The distribution of this publication may be restricted by law or regulation in different jurisdictions and persons into whose
possession this publication comes should inform themselves about, and observe, such restrictions.
Copyright and database rights protection exists in this report and it may not be reproduced, distributed or published by any
person for any purpose without the prior express consent of ING. All rights are reserved. ING Bank N.V. is authorised by the
Dutch Central Bank and supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB), the Dutch Central Bank (DNB) and the Dutch Authority
for the Financial Markets (AFM). ING Bank N.V. is incorporated in the Netherlands (Trade Register no. 33031431 Amsterdam). In
the United Kingdom this information is approved and/or communicated by ING Bank N.V., London Branch. ING Bank N.V.,

THINK Economic and financial analysis
Article | 2 October 2026
4
London Branch is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct
Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority. ING Bank N.V., London branch is registered in England
(Registration number BR000341) at 8-10 Moorgate, London EC2 6DA. For US Investors: Any person wishing to discuss this
report or effect transactions in any security discussed herein should contact ING Financial Markets LLC, which is a member of
the NYSE, FINRA and SIPC and part of ING, and which has accepted responsibility for the distribution of this report in the United
States under applicable requirements.
Additional information is available on request. For more information about ING Group, please visit www.ing.com.
