 
A Trillion Dollar Math Glitch Emerges In The Heart 
Of The AI Bull Case 
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, OCT 02, 2026 - 01:15 PM 
Tons of digital ink has been spilled writing about arguably what is the weakest link inside the AI 
bubble: the unprecedented amount of circular financing (discussed here in detail), which even 
the BIS warned about this summer, yet which nobody really cares about as long as stocks keep 
rising (the moment they stumble, however, you will never hear the end of how it was "obvious to 
everyone" what would happen). It looks like this.  
 
But one doesn't even have to undo the hopelessly tangled spaghetti fund flows of what will one 
day be a bigger collapse than Enron (and that excludes the off-balance sheet stuff which at least 
check had grown to $3.1 trillion) to realize that there is a glaring mathematical inconsistency 
inside the AI ecosystem.  

 
It was spotted by Apollo's chief economist Torsten Slok who points out that because Wall Street 
equity analysts work in sector silos, they fail to see the big picture. But when you add up their 
forecasts, the numbers are internally inconsistent. 
The analysts covering tech expect the sector's operating cash flow to more than double to 
roughly $2.4 trillion by 2028, an increase of over $1.2 trillion. 
 
A more narrow look at just the hyperscalers, shows that the group - which recently capexed its 
way into negative free cash flow - is expected to hockey stick itself into cash flow Valhalla, 
magically generating over $120BN in FCF by 2030... which has zero chance of happening as 
just maintenance capex on the massive buildout of data centers will be $920 billion in a few 
years. And that doesn't account for the fact that token prices have been absolutely 
discombobulated in the past three months as enterprises and retail customers flee frontier 
models and go to Chinese open-weight models en masse. 

 
 
Anyway, going back to the broader tech sector, the analysts covering the other sectors in the 
S&P 500, which are tech's customers, expect those companies to add much less operating cash 
flow. 
In other words, the Apollo strategist says that the tech silo is betting on a future in which 
demand for AI and tech services explodes, while the silos covering the companies that would 
pay for those services see a much more modest outlook.  
Both cannot be right at the same time (technically they can be, if analysts anticipate the hole to 
be plugged with tens of trillions in debt in perpetuity, in other words tech becomes the new US 
government; of course that is not organic growth but a state of now perpetual private sector 
deficit).  
The bottom line, Slok concludes, is that "either tech's customers will generate a lot more cash 
than their analysts expect, or tech's cash flow forecasts are too optimistic, which raises the 
question of who exactly will be writing all those checks to buy AI services." 
Of course, the answer is the latter, but we now live in a world where all everyone does all day, is 
talk about AI. Have you listened to CNBC lately: literally everything is AI. Conference calls? AI... 
Madison Avenue? AI... it's not only the "it" thing, it's the only thing (except for ordinary people 
who are too busy worrying how to pay the soaring rent, gas and food prices to talk about some 
agentic chatbot). 

 
Which brings us to another good point from Slok: the ubiquitous AI chatter either means 
companies are truly adopting it, are hyping it for investors or are planning to use it to cut costs 
and jobs. 
The key question is whether all this talk about AI turns into real spending and measurable 
productivity gains. So far the answer is a resounding no. 
 
The bottom line is that universal buzz around AI is most likely a sign that the hype has moved 
faster than the payoff. And maybe if folks spoke a bit less, they would actually figure out the 
massive logical hole that defines the bull case at the heart of the biggest - and most overhyped - 
bubble in modern history.  
 
 
 
