 
Stocks, Bonds, & Oil All Up Amid 'Red October' Rout 
Across Europe  
 
BY TYLER DURDEN 
FRIDAY, OCT 02, 2026 - 03:11 AM 
Tl;dr: A somewhat chaotic start to the month with Iran-War correlations snapping amid headline 
roulette, and European bond markets get messy... Oil up (time's up for Iran, Trump threats, 
physical tightness), stocks up (MU flip-flop, ORCL trouble, ISM Prices spike impact on P/Es, 
dovish FedSpeak, oil spike), and bonds bid (Treasury yields shrug off oil angst and inflation fear 
with short-end tumbling on PMI dip; technical exhaustion, US haven flows from EU chaos, 
offsetting hawkish FedSpeak). The dollar, gold, and crypto were also all up today as EUR 
plunged. 
"Merde Alors..." and "Oh Merda...!" was heard ringing through many European bonds desks... 
with one big US dove trumping 4 smaller hawks. 
 
Hard to pick from crude or credit markets today as both were flying while stocks chopped... 

 
Energy 
Overnight saw Brent crude rebound, once again topping triple digits, with investors weighing 
higher Middle East crude shipments against signs of tightness elsewhere in physical markets. 
Desk chatter tied the overnight oil bounce to rebuilt war premium rather than a new supply 
outage - Rubio expelling Iran’s UN delegation, reports the US pressed France and Germany to 
release diesel stocks or face a possible US export ban, the Abqaiq strike, and Trump repeating 
that Iran developments were coming “very soon.” 
As Bloomberg reports, physical market indicators continue to flash constraints. Oil traders last 
week paid record premiums to secure immediate supply at the biggest US storage hub. 
In Europe, Dated Brent - a critical physical-market indicator - has also been trading at a wide 
premium to futures. 
 
Investors are also continuing to hedge against a potential ramp-up in the Iran war. Higher prices 
often prompt White House threats to intensify military action, while lower prices signal to Iran 
and its proxies that the timing may be ripe for renewed attacks. Trump told Time that he sees 
stepping up bombing against Iran as “possible” after mid-term elections. 
“The increase in flows remains highly vulnerable to escalation,” said Hamad Hussain, a climate 
and commodities economist at Capital Economics.  
“I’d also describe the market as being structurally tight given the relatively low level of 
inventories after six months or so of drawdowns. That puts a floor under prices.” 

 
And sure enough, The WSJ reported that The Pentagon is sending a third aircraft-carrier strike 
group and additional Marine Corps ships to the Middle East, adding 9,000 to 10,000 more 
troops to the region. 
The ships, jet fighters, Marines and sailors will arrive in the region by the end of November, as 
President Trump considers renewing strikes on Iran after the midterm elections. 
Then as that story dropped Trump wrote on social media... 
I stated, numerous times, that it would take 4-6 weeks to get rid of THE IRAN NUCLEAR 
THREAT, and I did it in one night! The rest of the time is just to make sure it stays that way.  
And that sent oil soaring... 
 
Traders are also contending with uncertainty across fuel markets. 
Chinese exporters have canceled some oil-product cargoes slated for export in October, as 
Asia’s top consumer prioritizes domestic supply. 
The diesel market has been roiled by both the turmoil in the Persian Gulf and Ukrainian attacks 
on Russian refineries. A potential ban on exports of the fuel is being considered in the US, 
which has become Europe’s top supplier. 
The US has told ‌Germany and France to ​release ​emergency diesel inventories ⁠to help ​ease 
​global fuel prices or face a ​potential curb, Reuters reported, citing people familiar with the 
matter. 
But, for all the chaos and headline roulette returning to the energy markets, bonds basically 
ignored it (well most if it)... 

 
Rates 
Did Japan just suddenly stop selling US bonds? 
Treasury yields and rate-hike expectations tumbled today, shrugging off higher oil prices, 
inflation angst (ISM Prices Paid), and hawkish FedSpeak, seemingly preferring to focus on the 
very very small dip in the headline ISM print and Fed VP's dovishness?  
Mth/Qtr-start buying? Technical selling exhaustion? US safe-haven flow from EU panic? Take 
your pick. 
US Treasuries rebounded from the global bond selloff that raced through European markets on 
Thursday, pulling 10-year yields back from a 24-year high... 
French bonds (OATs) blew out and the close sparked a big reach for USTs... 
 
French CDS exploded higher 

 
 
Italian bonds (BTPs) also blew out relative to Bunds 
 
“Today is very much not about US fundamentals and US data,” said Izaac Brook, US rates 
strategist at RBC Capital Markets.  
“Everybody is looking at overseas yields and saying, ‘You need to move into safety, buy 
Treasuries.’” 

 
FedSpeak 
●​ Kashkari - hawkish, 2Y gap signaling Fed 
●​ Collins, Schmid, Barkin - hawkish, need to ficus on inflation 
●​ Jefferson - dovish, "may take more time" echoing Williams 
FedSpeak was mostly hawkish with three officials noting that a broadly stable economy allows 
the central bank to focus more on inflation than on employment. 
One of the bigger challenges for monetary policymakers is figuring out what's underneath a 
supply shock versus what's true demand, says Kansas City Fed president Jeff Schmid: 
"Hopefully when things like headline types of pricing calm down, because you don't want to 
overshoot," Schmid says. 
Susan Collins of Boston said: "The data that we see-there are some promising pieces, but there 
are some parts that aren't as promising, and I see more risks on the inflation side," said Collins, 
who is not currently a voting member of the FOMC. "And so with the labor market on relatively 
solid footing, monetary policy can focus on ensuring that we restore in a timely way, sustainable, 
durable 2% inflation." 
When asked what policy moves might be appropriate at the year's final two meetings and 
heading into 2027, all Fed officials declined to answer. Barkin noted that answering would 
amount to forward guidance, which the FOMC has "made clear" it isn't interested in providing. 
THEN THE BIG ONE... 
Federal Reserve Vice Chair Philip Jefferson said it may take more time before policymakers can 
judge whether further interest-rate increases are needed to slow inflation. 
Jefferson warned that inflation has been too high for too long, and sees risks that it could remain 
elevated. Yet he also said he and his colleagues are juggling a series of economic shocks and 
will need to carefully assess incoming data before they decide on their next move.  
“As we look ahead, my view is that any future adjustments in policy should be determined by 
carefully examining trends in the data, the evolving outlook and the balance of risks,” Jefferson 
said in the text of remarks he’s scheduled to deliver Thursday in Charlottesville, Virginia.  
“My colleagues and I will need to come to our own judgment, which may take more time.” 
And that triggered a jump in stocks and further drop in yields/rate-hike odds... 

 
 
Additionally, Minneapolis Fed President Kashkari told CNBC’s Steve Liesman that “Inflation is 
still too high.” “It’s been elevated now for more than five years. I didn’t think the [cool PCE] 
inflation data today really changed that story for me very much,” the Minneapolis Fed president 
added. 
Kashkari also highlighted what he said was an historically high spread between two-year 
Treasury yields and shorter interest rates, suggesting it may be a signal from financial markets. 
“The long end is obviously getting a lot of attention,” Kashkari notes in interview on Bloomberg 
Television Thursday, referring to longer-maturity Treasuries. But “a place where I’m focusing 
right now” is the “big gap between the two-year and the short rates” 
“This is the biggest gap between the actual two-year yield and the implied two-year yield from 
the SEP,” Kashkari says. While the actual two-year Treasury yield is around 4.88%, “my implied 
two-year yield from the SEP” is “a little above” 4%, he says. “That’s a very, very large gap.” 

 
 
“There have been other times when there have been gaps,” he says. “Markets are pretty good 
when they want to send a signal, they will send a signal,” he says 
With all of that in mind, rate-hike expectations tumbled around the ISM data print... 
 
Treasury yields also tumbled, led by the short-end (as Jefferson trumped the hawks), popping 
very briefly on the ISM Prices Paid then dropping (with some chatter about the small dip in the 

 
headline ISM and S&P Global data revised down from the flash print). Some noise late on as 
yields jumped on the spike in crude... 
 
Today we also saw an impressive buyback. 
For the first time the Treasury accepted $6 billion of offers, and in fairness they were hit with a 
deluge - dealers offered more than $46 billion of securities. The bond rally has retreated 
because of some Trump headlines, but this time at least the Treasury desk executed the full 
budgeted amount... a comfort for the long end... but the curve still steepened... 

 
 
Additionally, BTIG's Jonathan Krinsky noted, yields are nearing tactical upside exhaustion. 
We have felt that the path of least resistance for yields was higher for the last several months, 
but with 30 yields moving from 5.25% to 5.69% in just 7 sessions, and Daily Sentiment (DSI) for 
bonds at 10%,  
 
the risk is a quick snap-back lower in yields... 

 
Additionally, of course, bonds are very cheap to stocks, but... 
 
And as Krinsky concludes, if yields do fall, it’s likely to see a reversion of the QQQ vs. IWM ratio 
and all the similar correlations. 
In other words, while that could see breadth rebound from extremely oversold conditions, lower 
rates could also see QQQ and Mag7 actually move LOWER. 
 

 
So, let's see what happened in equity-land... 
Stocks 
A choppy day to start October for stocks with overnight gains (Micron) giving way to losses 
driven by the latest ISM data. The manufacturing ISM came in a touch lower than expected for 
October, but it’s the prices paid component that surprised to the upside, in the top 20% of 
readings over the full 75 year history of the series.  
As Bloomberg macro strategist, Simon White, shows in the chart below, higher manufacturing 
prices lead forward P/Es for the S&P lower by 6-12 months... 
 
Once Europe's chaotic bonds had closed, stocks went bid, bouncing back into the green, 
extending ion some dovish comments from Jefferson. But then tumbling back as Trump threats 
triggered a spike in crude. The last few minutes saw selling pressure (re-risking into payrolls?). 
By the close NDX and RTY were the leaders, DOW flat and SPX managing small gains... 

 
 
There was definitely some lack of ambition to load the boat on the dip ahead of tomorrow's jobs 
data, but overall AI dominated once again... 
 
...helped by Micron (AI CapEx narrative), which gave an upbeat forecast for the current quarter, 
fueled by the AI building frenzy (but warned that rising compensation would weigh on profit 
margins)... 

 
 
But the Mag7 only managed to close unch (underperforming the S&P 493)... 
 
This was the 13th day in a row of more new lows than new highs... 

 
 
Goldman's trading desk said they were around 3% better to buy across the floor, with activity 
levels a 4 out of 10... 
●​ LOs are mostly balanced but skewed slightly better sellers on small notional. They are 
sellers of Fins, comms svcs, materials, and industrials vs buyers most pronounced in 
info tech, hcare, and macro products 
●​ HFs are skewed better buyer with demand most pronounced in macro products, info 
tech, fins, and consumer discretionary versus supply in materials and hcare.  
And of course, tomorrow is payrolls day... 

 
 
Brace!! 
Everything Else 
The dollar extended its gains, testing right to the upper edge of its range for the last 18 
months... 

 
 
Today's dollar gains were largely driven by EUR weakness (amid the bond bloodbath in France 
and Italy), plunging to its weakest against the dollar since May 2025... 
 
Yen ended lower but only after erasing some strength around the ISM print... 

 
 
Gold managed to hold green despite the dollar strength... 
 
And bitcoin spiked back up to $85k amid the MidEast chaos and despite the first ETF outflow in 
a while... 

 
 
And finally, we give the floor back to Mr. Krinsky (pro subs can read his full note here) who notes 
that October is known as the 'Bear Killer', with many bullish reversals ending bear markets 
including '02, '11, and most recently '22. 
With that said, the performance preceding the period in question it is often a key factor. 
Those three October lows came after significant drawdowns of ~48%, ~22% and ~27%, 
respectively. 
Currently, the SPX is ~flat since June and not far from all-time highs. We won't rehash the 
extreme breadth divergences in place as by now that has been beaten to death by us as well as 
the rest of the street. What we will say is that despite the fact that 9 of 11 sectors are down by 
more than 2% over the last month, 10-DMA of equity and composite put/call ratios are near the 
lows of the year. The Daily Sentiment Index for the VIX is just 19%.  

 
 
In other words, very few seem to be betting on a higher-correlation index volatility event, which 
is exactly why we think the risk of that is quite high for October... 
The hunt for a red October is on... 
 
 
 
