GS Morgan - US VOL COLOR 3 Oct 2026
Cullen Morgan  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Vice President, Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
3 Oct 2026 2:21 PM EDT
Bottom line: Over the last month, we have seen a rapid decline in conviction and sentiment, despite the
S&P 500 being less than a percent from its hig
Bottom line:
Over the last month, we have seen a rapid decline in conviction and sentiment, despite the S&P 500 being
less than a percent from its highs and Nasdaq accelerating to new highs. What has gone on under the
surface and across asset classes tells a far different story. Confidence in Monetary Policy has deteriorated,
positioning is near five-year lows, and overall sentiment remains soggy. Equity fundamentals are still
intact, but continue to be challenged by a difficult macro environment. Dovish Fed speak and a weaker-
than-expected Jobs report should help calm factor vol and allow indices to reach escape velocity as we get
into and through earnings. QQQ upside into earnings looks too low to us.
The GS Monetary Policy Optimism factor – a gauge driven by cross-asset moves - has fallen to -8, one of
the lowest levels on record. For a snapback here, Real Estate, Utilities, Russell, and Homebuilders offer a
high beta (relative to implied vol levels) to our Monetary Policy factor (link).
Per our PB team, US L/S Net leverage decreased for a third consecutive week by -2.2 pts to 46.4% – the
lowest level since Apr ’25 (around “Liberation Day”) and approaching five-year lows in the 2nd
percentile. US Fundamental long/short ratio (MV) decreased -1.9% to 1.57 (1st percentile)
CFTC data (through Sep 29th) shows that non-dealers have sold SPX futures for five of the last six weeks
(link). Over that timeframe, they have sold -$68bn worth of futures. That marks one of the most
aggressive bouts of selling on record.
In turn, our US Sentiment Indicator – which tracks investor positioning across the more than 80% of the
US equity market that is owned by institutional, retail and foreign investors – registered its fifth
consecutive negative reading.
Interestingly, we have yet to see the uncertainty and extreme cross-asset volatility spill over into the equity
vol market. Our US Vol Panic Index is still a sub 2/10.
Where we have seen an extreme uptick in implied volatility is in the credit market. VIX Implied Vol (or
VVIX) vs. HYG Implied Vol hit a 3+ year low this week. The market is telling us that it is not expecting a
dramatic spillover to equities from the stress we have seen in credit and rates. For those who disagree, the
convexity offered on VIX upside remains extremely attractive.
We have started to see signs of bottoming in sentiment as investors look to add length ahead of earnings –
Tech stands out here. Our PB team noted that US Tech stocks were the only sector net bought for the

month of September, marking the largest % buying since Feb ’25. Still, US Info Tech long/short ratio is
only in the 25th percentile vs. the past five years.
One of, if not the largest overhang in the market continues to be uncertainty around the situation with Iran.
Vickie Chang in research put out an excellent note that lays out upside/downside in relief/further
escalation scenarios (link). The biggest standout within equities is Nasdaq with 7.5% upside. We saw
meaningful QQQ upside being bought in the latter half of last week… We like outright calls out to
November.
Lastly, as we near earnings season, consensus expects S&P 500 EPS growth of 27% year/year in Q3. The
consensus estimate for Q3 growth is the highest heading into any reporting season since 2021. However,
consensus estimates imply a deceleration in Q3 from the 33% growth rate realized in Q2, even excluding
the "other income" generated from appreciating equity investment stakes last quarter. Neither recent
macroeconomic data nor signals relating to the AI investment boom point to a slowdown in Q3, setting the
stage for another quarter of above-consensus results. Unsurprisingly, the top 10 contributing stocks are
expected to account for over two-thirds of aggregate S&P 500 earnings growth this quarter. For our full
earnings preview ==> link.
Source for charts: Goldman Sachs FICC and Equities, Bloomberg, GS Research as of 10/3/2026. Past
performance is not indicative of future results. All references to “we/us/our” refer to the views and
observations of the desk unless otherwise specified.






Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 3 October 2026.
