GS Crook - Connecting You to GS Thoughts from the Floor 3 Oct
2026
Adam Crook  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Managing Director, Global Banking & Markets FICC & Equities
3 Oct 2026 2:28 AM EDT
Themes resonating with global clients at the moment and GS views/thinking on the topics. Reach out if
there are comments, opinions and/or ideas you wa
Themes resonating with global clients at the moment and GS views/thinking on the topics. Reach out if
there are comments, opinions and/or ideas you want to discuss with the people below.
1) Connecting you to GS: How much oil and Nat Gas is getting through the Straits, how close is the
market to balancing + are there any vulnerabilities from positioning? Brazil elections – what to watch? Q3
Earnings – what to watch for + what will be the big events? Are Bonds reaching a level where they could
start acting as a risk-off hedge again? With the UK Govt saying that all options for a closer relationship
with Europe are on the table, including another In/Out vote, what could a more pro-European stance mean
for UK assets?
2) Trades we Like: Some Trades from GS Asia…. I spent last week meeting clients across Hong Kong &
Singapore with my colleagues from GS Asia… Clients are very engaged, the macro discussion was rich +
local markets are extremely interesting, both structurally & also tactically, with a number of idiosyncratic,
tradeable themes.. With correlations to oil prices + rates-vol currently high across the DM Macro complex,
flagging some interesting Asia Macro Trades-ideas that we think are good risk-reward at this juncture…
Pls reach out to discuss these ideas or for any other insights from the region.
h/t Sun Lu (Senior Asia Strat)
i) Korea Rates: Strength in KRW should reduce imported inflation; KOSPI off the peak also reverses the
wealth effect; Korea is fiscally prudent, with a decline of net KTB supply planned next year -> The market
is pricing 4 more hikes + terminal rate of 4%, well-above the 3.5% peak BOK rate in 2023-24 when
inflation risks were much more elevated; We expect Korea’s headline CPI to likely peak in Q4 at around
3% (ex oil shock) + we think peak fear in Korean rates is likely behind us -> i) Receive 1y1y KRW vs
1y1y SOFR beta adjusted: ii) Long 30yr KTB at current 4.5 – 4.6% Zone.
2) China Rates: CNH may be having a last-leg of faster-than-carry appreciation post Xi-Trump meeting;
once USDCNY reaches 6.50, RMB appreciation is likely to slow. We like to pay 3y2y CNH CCS,
expecting a slowdown of 5y CNH issuance (given thinner margin from multi-year-low CNH CCS) +
higher RHS hedges from corporates who have China exposure - Paying CNH CCS can help corporates to
hedge against risks of CNH appreciation stalling/slowing in the medium term and/or a sudden jump in
China rates -> Pay 3y2y CNH CCS at 1.27% (Target: 1.46%).
3) Malaysia Rates -> Loan growth is very strong, due to data-center-related capex; BNM signaled a future
hike at its recent meeting; we also expect corporate bond issuance to surpass the 2025 high; and the

KLIBOR-to-MYOR transition is slowing onshore receiving flows in IRS due to lower structured-product
demand. The MYR NDIRS curve remains relatively flat versus history, and we think 5Y MYR can move
towards 4.2%. -> Pay 5y MYR NDIRS at 3.94%.
Max loss for all trades = unlimited
Thoughts welcome - Adam
----
1) Connecting you to GS:
| • | Commods: How much oil and Nat Gas is getting through the Straits, how close is the market to
balancing + are there any vulnerabilities from positioning? |
Daan Struyven (Co-Head of Global Commodities Research): “The global oil market appears roughly
balanced in September with global visible oil stocks essentially flat.
Estimated oil exports from Persian Gulf Countries, including 4mb/d of estimated “dark exports”, have
recovered to 23.6mb/d over the last week or just above their 2025 average.
Estimated Oil Exports from Persian Gulf Countries (including Revisions/’Dark Exports)
Source: GIR
Saudi estimated exports have risen above 2025 averages while the data show no seaborne crude exports
from Iran in September. Estimated crude exports are above the 2025 average while estimated refined
product exports (diesel, gasoline, jet fuel) remain below 50% of the 2025 average.
Estimated Early October Exports from Persian Gulf Countries
Source: GIR
The remarkable adaptation of both Mideast supply and China import demand supports our base case that
Brent prices moderate to $85/bbl by year-end and to $80 in 2027. That said, we still worry about renewed
potential escalation that damages more energy infrastructure, which could cause significant upside to
prices.
Sam Dart (Co-Head of Global Commodities Research): “The adaptation in LNG supply from the Middle
East continues to lag that of oil. While Hormuz LNG crossings improved sequentially over the past month,
they’re only 21% of pre-war levels – corroborated by delivery data -- compared to 100% in oil. Should
ME LNG exports improve further through the winter, consistent with our base case, European natural gas
prices (TTF) can balance the market at their current level, near 70 EUR/MWh, through Q4, and even price
lower, in the mid-40 EURs/MWh, in Q1 assuming average winter weather conditions.
Hormuz Laden LNG Vessel Transits & Volume
Source: GIR

If, however, Persian Gulf LNG exports stagnate at 25% of normal through winter, we estimate TTF would
need to rise to over 100 EUR/MWh to incentivize further LNG demand destruction outside of Europe to
manage European gas inventories. For reference, we combined these ME supply scenarios with weather
scenarios for European gas and diesel in this note (results shown in the table below).
Source: GIR
Jerome Dortmans (Global Co-Head of Oil + Products Trading) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro
Call… The last few weeks specifically, we've seen a remarkable amount of oil coming out of the Gulf…
The East-West pipeline issue, that saw us lose the barrels coming out of the Red Sea.. these were diverted
to the Gulf side or the east side of Saudi Arabia…. And we saw close to 80% of the amount of barrels
coming out…
… I think the market is still pricing, and will continue to price, the extent to which that level of exports
through the Strait are sustainable… To what extent continuing disruptions across the broader infrastructure
in the Gulf will continue to play a factor in how the balances can settle over the next few months… It's
clear from the price action, both on physical and on futures, that despite that increase in barrels or transits
through the Gulf, the market is not quite ready yet to sell off.. or price what would look like a more
balanced environment compared to what we've been looking at the previous 4 to 6 weeks…
.. My view remains that the ability for Iran to disrupt the flows out of the Strait is significant… And there's
a part of this that thinks they are allowing these barrels flow out, for whatever reason.. . But I would think
it would be too complacent to think that this is going to be the regular state of the Strait… And certainly
with the noises coming out of the US Administration about possible escalation, and obviously the headline
that they're bringing a third carrier group into the region and 10,000 more Marines.. is certainly not going
to be something that the Iranians are going to ignore… So I think the physical markets are telling us, and
the futures markets are telling us, that the situation is not normalizing meaningfully enough for the market
to sell off…
Tallulah Adams (Head of UK Institutional Commodities Sales): “Futures positioning remains stretched
across the energy complex, most notably in refined products where positioning remains close to record
highs. However, there is a notable divergence when we look at signals from the options market.
In Crude, futures and spreads sit near local highs because the market continues to price substantial risk
premium - we'd put it at roughly $20-25/bbl. Meanwhile, Crude oil call skew is in the 58th percentile vs 3
year history in the front, which suggests to us that investors are buying outright delta rather than options
for the first time since the escalation begun.
Net Managed Money in Notional Terms – Cride & Refined Products
Source: GBM
Many macro books are structured to perform if the crisis eases but bleed badly if oil spikes toward $130 -
effectively short oil in the tail. The violent rates moves have forced that pain into oil delta buying, whether
short-covering or fresh protection. Given the amount of risk premium baked into prices against elevated

positioning, we do think the market is vulnerable to a positioning flush out – take European Diesel as an
example where the SPR announcement has brought front cracks $12/bbl lower w/w.”
Net Managed Money in Notional Terms – European Nat Gas
Source: GBM
| • | EMFX: Brazil elections – What to watch? |
Kamakshya Trivedi (Chief FX and EM Strategist): “EM assets remain stuck between rates and oil, with
local rates buffeted by energy price volatility and disorderly core rates pressures. We think lower energy
prices are needed for lasting local rates relief and recommend a selective approach with emphasis on
idiosyncratic stories. The big idiosyncratic story is Brazil's general elections this Sunday (October 4). Set
against a wide fiscal deficit, high nominal and real rates, and elevated premium across the DI swap and
local bond curves, we see local rates as offering the best asymmetry among Brazilian assets heading into
the vote. A fiscally unfriendly outcome could trigger a knee-jerk sell-off, but we expect this to be more
contained than any potential rally from a market-friendly result, given a DI curve that has consistently
overshot macro fundamentals over the past two years and the potential for a virtuous monetary-fiscal
cycle. On balance, risk-reward favours receiving the belly of the DI curve into the elections.
In FX, BRL remains a popular carry long and has broadly performed in line with its typical betas this year.
We benchmark BRL moves using our cyclical fair value model: USD/BRL at 4.80 would be consistent
with the 'residual' fiscal premium from the 2024 depreciation episode fully compressing. Under a negative
fiscal outcome, USD/BRL at 5.80 would reflect a similar fiscal premium to December 2024, whereas 5.40
would reflect a similar premium to September 2024.
On equities, Bovespa has rallied 10% from mid-August lows, but domestic equities (ex-commodity
exporters), rate-sensitive stocks and small-caps remain flat to down YTD. Rate-sensitive pockets offer
'rate beta' 2-3x the headline index and trade at inexpensive valuations (10x, -0.9 s.d. 10-year), providing
asymmetric set-up in a market-friendly outcome. Rate-sensitive stocks and index call-spreads offer the
most attractive risk-reward.
High FX carry and ex ante real rate levels ahead of Brazil's elections, similar to those in 2022 but above
those in 2018
Alberto Ramos (MD, LatAm Economics): “from his latest piece here: “Voters will go to the polls on
October 4 - Polls point to a likely runoff: Lula leads many first-round surveys by a small margin, but in a
likely runoff polls point to a very competitive virtually tied race.
Support for the two leading candidates is entrenched, together accounting for roughly 85% of voting
intentions, and both face high rejection. Endorsements by noncompetitive candidates after the first round
would be important in a runoff. Voter priorities have shifted. Public security and corruption now outrank
traditional social concerns, while economic dissatisfaction remains high despite a resilient labor market
and higher fiscal transfers. A significant share of households feel squeezed by inflation, heavy debt-service
burdens, and the perception of stagnant purchasing power.

The legislature is likely to remain fragmented, autonomous, and tilted toward centrist and center-right
parties, with the Senate and state governorships potentially shifting somewhat further right. Either
President would need to build broad multiparty coalition, making governability, budget negotiations, and
coalition management decisive.
We think there will be a fiscal reckoning after the vote. The nextAadministration will inherit large fiscal
deficits, high and rising public debt above 82% of GDP, persistent inflation, restrictive monetary policy,
slowing demand, and weak potential growth. Lula would likely preserve a state-led model with only
modest spending restraint; Bolsonaro would likely pursue a more market-friendly agenda centered on
spending cuts, privatizations, concessions, and a stronger fiscal anchor. The market and investors would
ultimately reward clarity, purpose, conventional measures, and a sense of urgency in dealing with the
fiscal vulnerabilities. Doing so would create greater scope for sustained monetary easing. The real verdict
will come after the vote—when fiscal promises and strategy meet political reality.
First Round Polling: Polarized and Tight Presidential Race between Lula and Bolsonaro (First Round
Below)
Source: PoderData, Nexus, Indexa, Datafolha, Quaest, MDA, Futura, Palver, Ideia, Vox Brasil, AtlasIntel,
Real Time Big Data, Paraná Pesquisas, Gerp, Veritá, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Poylymarket Odds: Bolsonaro Has Overtaken Lula Da Silva in Prediction Markets
Source: Polymarket, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
Lucas Baladi Chohfi (EM FX Spot Trading) paraphrased from our Weekly Trader Call.. The first thing to
highlight is that positioning is quite big right now. Everyone is looking for a good outcome from the
election, which makes sense, but the presumption from a month ago - that a Lula win would be the risk
and the other outcome would be the rally - I don't think that's the case anymore, mainly because the global
backdrop has shifted quite a lot over the last few weeks, and we've been outperforming on that basis.
We should be watching for any natural transfer of votes from the other candidates - given that most of
them are center or right-wing, it's somewhat expected that some of those transfers show up close to the
frontrunner already in the first round. But that's still very uncertain - even though prediction markets and
the wider market expect somewhat of a clean outcome, this is a 50/50 election.
If we see Lula with more than 50% in the first round, combined with further fiscal measures from the
government, I think that could be a challenge for longer-Brazil-asset positioning. For now, what we have
on is vanilla calls that we like as a way to stay long Brazil, while still thinking there could be some mean
reversion over time - and we also have patience. We've been saying that for a while now - I think that's the
only way to play this election. I don't think we're going to see a Colombia-style trade right away, or a
Chile or Argentina-style move. The world is very uncertain right now, and positioning is too big for what's
coming next.
BRL cyclical fair value model
Source: Marquee MarketView

On Sunday night, what we'll be watching is mainly how Lula performs, the breakdown per candidate by
state, and how performance looks in the swing states that decided the election last time. Most importantly,
we'll be watching how the state and congressional elections go for the right versus the left.
| • | Equities: Q3 Earnings – what to watch for and what will be the big events? |
Ben Snider (Chief US Equity Strategist) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… First, simply
the overall rate of earnings growth.. The consensus estimate is for 27% year-over-year earnings growth for
the S&P this quarter.. a modest deceleration from last quarter, when companies reported 33% growth...
Likewise, if we exclude the largest companies in the US and just look at the median S&P 500 stock,
consensus estimates show 9% growth… That's also very solid, but a step down from 14% last quarter… I
think both the aggregate index and the median stock will surpass those estimates…
.. Second issue, the impact of the macro headwinds on earnings… energy prices, interest rates, and just
broad uncertainty… I think the easiest place to see this should be the revenues of consumer stocks and
profit margins across the market.. And if you look at analyst estimates, we have seen numbers decline in
both of those areas. .. Analysts have trimmed revenue estimates for consumer stocks… They've trimmed
profit margins across most of the market... And if you look at share prices, they're signalling pessimism as
well… But we've had surprising two-way commentary from corporates in the last couple of weeks… So
it'll be very good to get some more data and insights from corporate managements..
.. And then last, AI… As always, there will be tremendous focus this quarter on the guidance for CapEx
spending… This has been important every quarter for the last few years, and there has been some recent
investor concern about spending next year, whether due to potential supply constraints or regulatory
restrictions… But based on my conversations, I think most investors are pretty confident in the outlook for
CapEx growth in 2027, targeting somewhere between $1.25 trillion and $1.5 trillion next year… There is
tremendous debate around 2028 CapEx, but I don't think we will get a lot of guidance on that this earnings
season.
Eric Sheridan (Head of TMT Group, GIR) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… Given that
inflation remains elevated.. and the landscape remains relatively uncertain.. we would expect company
commentary to be somewhere between in line to somewhat cautious, with wider bands of outcomes on the
digital consumer going forward… But generally we do expect that numbers will meet or exceed
expectations, and the forward commentary on consumer behavior and what's embedded in companies'
forward guidance will be the more interesting variable on that theme…
..On the hyperscaler theme, we expect to see continued growth in backlogs, acceleration in revenue,
continued willingness to spend on the capital expenditure side to close the gap between the supply demand
imbalance in AI compute.. and increasingly.. what we have found is the investor debate has shifted
towards return on invested capital… My team put out a recent note, as well as our equity strategy team,
establishing benchmarks of needed revenue growth in the next 2-3 years to meet or exceed a 15% return
on invested capital hurdle... We would expect that companies get questions about these types of
frameworks and how their confidence interval is rising or falling….

Rich Privorotsky (Head of EMEA Cash Equities) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro Call… On
hyperscalers, any semblance of that kind of inflection for free cash flow, how many quarters away we are
from a proper return… My view is that, as inference adoption continues to jump, as you see guys like
Amazon and Nebius raising prices for cloud compute, the economics are getting better… I think that's
really important… And then how that features into Capex for those that are within the actual business of
building data centres.. it'll be important to see if there are additional project delays, force majeures.. and
anything that gives us kind of clarity on the robustness of backlogs.. and how many aggregate gigawatts
are getting delivered…
… I think on the flip side of that, there's the consumer… We saw the sentiment indicators this week,
consumer confidence being extremely poor… And so just what is the state of the consumer, how robust is
the spending, how bad is the lower K of the K-shaped economy… I think it'll be interesting to see how the
exit commentaries looked in the context of extremely high gasoline and diesel prices… More broadly, I
think margins are still a focus if we are in a more inflationary input driven backdrop… How are margins
proceeding?
.. But I think you're going to get a really robust set of numbers coming out of Q3.. and I think in aggregate
EPS numbers are still going up... And for things like semis, which have massively re-rated, you have this
continued upward pressure on EPS and they kind of grow into the multiple..
Lee Coppersmith (US Equity Sales): ”We head into Q3 earnings season with a tense macro backdrop
coupled with extremely light positioning, yet little panic from the vol market. Skittish rates take the front
headlines while the indices remain resilient and vols show little reaction to selloffs. Our GS Monetary
Policy Factor is at -8, basically at the bottom end of the last 30 years (a lot of policy pessimism is
reflected). Our PB data shows HF US net positioning in the 0th percentile ties out the rhetoric we’ve heard
on the desk … Clients have been in protection-mode into year-end with chips largely off the table.
Heading into EPS season, should the macro picture improve or even moderate, we think earnings will
serve as a clearing event for the market.
GS Risk Appetite Index
Source: GBM
Our view from here is that the asymmetry is to the upside. Realized 3-month S&P correlation has tracked
down to 1y lows, and implieds have only floated slightly higher. Strong prints would raise the odds of a
corr1 move higher in a market with only 23% of constituents trading above their 50-day moving average.
With breadth, risk appetite and net exposure all this washed out, would rather own upside convexity here
than chase downside.”
US Fundamental L/S: Gross vs Net Leverage
Source: Marquee MarketView
Alex Johnson (US Equity Deriv Sales): “There is healthy debate in our Investor Conversations around
fully re-committing to the AI “trade” given the challenging/uncertain macro landscape (rates/oil) &

upcoming mid-terms. While there is solid investor confidence around steady/improving bottoms-up
fundamentals (Reinforced latest AI product + model innovations), question marks remain around the
ability for share prices to reflect positive earnings results & deliver follow-through (See JBL & MU prints
this week)…
The valuation backdrop into earnings looks un-demanding with the NDX 12m forward multiple sitting
below its multi-year average as the index has remained in “consolidation mode” since early June (see
below)..
NDX 5 Year Chart & FWD 12m P/E
Source: GBM
What Are We Watching? Revenue growth & cloud margins at the Hyperscalers will be in focus for
sentiment in the broader AI trade. Investors are looking for a continuation of positive ROIC momentum
(Led by AMZN/MSFT earnings calls in Q2) to help drive confidence in the outsized overall Capex spend
expected in 2027 (& beyond). We also expect Agentic Commerce to be a key focus of earnings as the
investor community works through the considerations of “personal AI assistants” post Meta’s Muse &
Instinct (Creating both opportunities & challenges across eCommerce, digital advertising, payments and
cybersecurity)… Outside of earnings, we’re also watching for positive Semis datapoints & soundbites
from SEMICON West (10/13-15) & NVDA GTC Berlin (10/20-22).
| • | Cross-Asset: Are Bonds reaching a level where they could start acting as a risk-off hedge again? |
Christian Mueller-Glissmann (Head of Portfolio Strategy): “In the near term, long-duration bonds are still
adding to portfolio risk rather than providing a reliable risk-off hedge. Energy prices and hawkish policy
pricing push yields higher while weighing on equities, keeping equity/bond correlations positive. Rising
bond yields have started to weigh more on equities (especially outside Tech) with the increase over the last
3 months above 2 standard deviations. And over the next 6-12 months, longer duration bonds may remain
a drag on portfolios with intense capital competition and AI-related earnings tailwinds boosting equities.
Energy prices and bond yields remain a key driver of equities
6m rolling correlation (weekly returns)
For bonds to provide a clearer risk-off hedge would require clearer disinflation, weaker (nominal) growth
and greater scope for central banks to ease. Tactically, we prefer short-dated rates receiver swaptions,
where front-ends looking more asymmetric and unusually potential large ‘risk off’ payoffs. Also we like
bond-like equities (low vol/high dividend), which sold off because of higher rates but are negatively
correlated with Tech stocks dominating benchmark indices.
A continued sharp increase in bond yields could put pressure on equities
Data since 1962
Over the longer term, however, higher, more normal strategic bond allocations make increasingly sense.
This is especially true compared to the last 5 years, when there was no benefit from allocations to bonds in

portfolios. Higher starting yields improve carry and expected buy-and-hold returns, while providing a
larger income cushion against moderate increases in yields – at the same time uncertainty and risks around
the AI boom might increase in the medium-term.
Front-end receivers look attractive as medium-term recession hedges
Simulated PnL of a 12m 25-delta receiver on 1y or 2y USD rates and put on S&P 500 (current market
price). Shaded area= US recession
Bonds should also regain diversification value if inflation normalises and growth becomes a more
dominant macro risk. This argues for gradually rebuilding strategic exposure from the lower optimal
allocations of recent years. Still while longer duration bonds should provide better convexity during future
recessions or large 'risk off' periods, the potential for large declines in long-dated bond yields might be
more limited in the next crisis due to lingering fiscal and inflation concerns.”
Vickie Chang (Macro Strategy): “Yes, downside in rates now looks more interesting as a hedge, but it will
only protect against growth and financial risks. As core rates push to new highs and with global front ends
now priced for significant tightening cycles, the asymmetry has shifted and there are more paths to lower
yields from here.
The most direct path to that outcome—and one that would be friendly for risk assets—is through relief in
energy prices. From here, further increases in energy prices and higher yields are still a main risk to a
more constructive risk asset view, and bonds are not protective against those near-term risks to equities.
Eventually, a further rise in yields and a larger tightening in financial conditions could 1) lead the market
to worry properly about growth or 2) cause worries about financial stress. In both of those types of
worries, front-end yields would likely move sharply lower as the market prices easing. And beyond the
near-term risks from higher yields, the deeper longer-term risks from the AI capex and economic cycle are
likely to be ones where yields and equities move lower together.
Deeper forward rates (2y1y OIS) are well through their 2023 highs, and so there are opportunities to hedge
growth/financial risks further out. With implied vols in rates higher now, there may be other parts of the
asset complex that offer more leverage to a growth shock (downside in equity indices, upside in VIX,
weakness in European currencies if the growth shock is global). Pairing lower rates with other asset
outcomes may also cheapen the hedge.”
Kamashya Trivedi (Global Head of FX, Rates + EM Strategy) paraphrased from the GS Weekend Macro
Call… I think you have some of the pieces in place for that view… Valuation and positioning angles make
a constructive case for duration… Levels look cheap… Real money is underweight… And I think that
that's the right medium- to long-term argument.. but it doesn't necessarily make it a good short-term trade..
both because the correlation between yields and oil is still pretty high globally.... and you also have quite a
lot of growth resilience, which has been the real surprise for the past six months…
.. AI investment is a big part of that.. A lot of that is rate insensitive.. And so even when valuations get to a
point that looks good, there's not a lot of confidence that higher yields are going to start weighing on

growth. .. So you do need that catalyst… We've argued that the quickest path or the quickest catalyst, if
you get some resolution of the conflict which takes oil prices down, front-end pricing down, that's one
way… A much slower way is just you get more evidence of benign inflation prints and the idea that core
inflation is not beginning to get out of control, but that's going to take longer…
.. But in the absence of those two, I think the more painful way that you start to get some relief is just that
the bond markets start to feed on themselves and therefore moderate... And I think they're getting closer to
that point... And now you've got more of a financial conditions tightening with the moves that have
happened over the last ten days or so… So we're beginning to see that kind of pressure on risky assets that
starts to flip the correlations and make them a better hedge…
| • | UK: With the UK Govt saying that all options for a closer relationship with Europe are on the table,
including another In/Out vote, what could a more pro-European stance mean for UK assets near-term? |
James Moberley (UK Economist) on the UK Economy: “Andy Burnham has highlighted the importance
of deciding on the UK’s longer-term relationship with the EU, and indicated that he will lay out different
options at the UK-EU summit in November. He has suggested that these options might include
maintaining the current relationship, forming a customs union, rejoining the single market, or even a
second referendum.
The UK economy has notably underperformed since the EU referendum in 2016, shifting from a growth
profile closer to the US to one closer to the Euro area. Our analysis indicates that real GDP is roughly 6%
below its counterfactual path. Although this could partly reflect the impact of other factors as well as
Brexit, robustness checks point to an underperformance of at least 4%.
Impact of Leaving the EU on UK GDP under Different Trading Arrangements: Dhingra + Sampson (2019)
Estimates
Source: GIR
As such, there would likely be material long-run economic upside from deepening the trading relationship
with the EU. Estimates from previous studies indicate that rejoining the single market or negotiating a
customs union could raise GDP by 1-2% relative to current trading arrangements, thereby undoing a
meaningful share of the economic cost incurred by Brexit.”
George Cole (Chief European Rates Strategy) on UK Rates/GBP: “For asset markets, this would most
obviously benefit GBP currency, as higher productivity growth is a key input to our GSDEER valuation
framework.
For rates, the picture is less clear – on the one hand, higher growth in the future should boost rate
expectations over time, but higher productivity is likely to improve the growth/inflation trade-off, and in
turn reduce duration risk premium in Gilts. Gilt risk premium is elevated vs other markets, and represents
around 20-30bp of the underperformance of Gilts in recent years. This could conceivably be driven lower
via lower inflation or rate uncertainty, but this would only be a modest tailwind compared with near-term
macro and fiscal risks facing the Gilt curve.”

Stuart Jenkins (FX Strategy) on GBP: “EU reintegration has the potential to be a significantly bullish
outcome for Sterling, but I think the constraints on the timeline make it difficult to price much more
optimism in the near-term.
Earlier this year we estimated a cumulative 10-year Brexit impact of ~6% on EUR/GBP fair value (chart
below). Unwinding an impact of that order of magnitude has the potential to drive a multi-year trend of
outperformance for Sterling, but the path to pricing/achieving that reintegration has clear limitations. Even
in a scenario where the Labour government is re-elected in or before 2029 on a reintegration mandate,
subsequent referendum and renegotiation processes could lengthen the timeline meaningfully. And our
estimated 6% impact is conditioned on the exit from both the Customs Union and the Single Market –
rejoining just one of the two would likely only reverse a fraction of the total impact, as academic work
suggests (see exhibit 10 here).
Change in EURGBP GSDEER Fair Value since 2016
Source: GIR
Positive soundbites from the rescheduled UK-EU summit on Nov 20th or from the government
investigation into realignment options may produce more bouts of Sterling optimism. But I suspect these
will mostly be fleeting when the currency still faces more tangible near-term risks from a difficult Autumn
budget to calibrate, and from an underlying Sterling-negative shift in rate differentials.
Guillaume Banderet (Head of EMEA Inflation Trading) on UK Rates: “There’s little doubt that Brexit
created frictions and reduced trade intensity. Reversing some/all of it would be positive for productivity
and growth. Ultimately this should benefit all UK assets. Would the UK go as far as restoring free
movement of people which could ease pressures in the services sector? What about the old rebate on EU
contributions? Ultimately, the country is more likely to rejoin the customs union than fully overturn the
2016 vote.
The long term impact on Gilt yields and ASW is undoubtedly positive and that would lead to a significant
reduction in term premium. Sterling would probably appreciate, which reduces imported inflation and
counterbalances the growth effects.
It’s really difficult to trade in the short term though. There isn’t a clear path but it’s worth monitoring the
Brexit sentiment and the election polls. To me, it felt like the speech on Tuesday was the draft of a new
manifesto that Burnham wants ready to go in case the polls start to indicate it would be safe to call an
early election.
In the meantime, all eyes are on the budget. So far, the soundbites are positive, and with the recent actions
of the BOE to support the Gilt market, I think UK govt bonds have room to perform cross market or on
ASW.”
Sharon Bell (UK Equity Strategist) on UK Equities: “Brexit was far more damaging for UK domestic
(GSSTUKDE) and FTSE 250 than for international stocks (GSSTUKIE) or FTSE 100. The latter have less
than a quarter of sales to the UK and relatively little trade exposure with the EU. That said, all UK indices

have performed poorly since June 2016. Of course, this is partly unrelated to Brexit; German stocks have
also underperformed and the UK has no large Tech stocks. But we do think that Brexit hit growth
materially and also we saw a sharp devaluation in Sterling. The combination was damaging to UK risk
assets especially domestic-facing ones, and meant relative costs of imported goods and energy rose
substantially for corporates and households.
But for now it is energy prices and rates that matter most. Any plans to re-examine the UK’s relationship
with the EU are clearly long-term. Key for UK domestic companies and the FTSE 250 is a moderation in
energy prices. In addition, higher rates putting further pressure on the government budget, taxation and,
especially, any signs of corporate levies on energy or banks are the main concern for investors.. A
normalisation in energy prices and hence lower rates would be a substantial further boost to UK mid cap
and domestic shares.”
2) Trades we Like: Some Trades from GS Asia…. I spent last week meeting clients across Hong Kong &
Singapore with my colleagues from GS Asia… Clients are very engaged, the macro discussion was rich +
local markets are extremely interesting, both structurally & also tactically, with a number of idiosyncratic,
tradeable themes.. With correlations to oil prices + rates-vol currently high across the DM Macro complex,
flagging some interesting Asia Macro Trades-ideas that we think are good risk-reward at this juncture…
Pls reach out to discuss these ideas or for any other insights from the region.
h/t Sun Lu (Senior Asia Strat)
1) Korea Rates -> i) Receive 1y1y KRW vs 1y1y SOFR beta adjusted: ii) Long 30yr KTB at current 4.5 –
4.6% Zone
2) China Rates -> Pay 3y2y CNH CCS at 1.27%..
3) Malaysia Rates -> Pay 5y MYR NDIRS at 3.94%..
--
i) Korea Rates
Receive 1y1y KRW vs 1y1y SOFR beta adjusted (KRW 1y1y has 0.7 beta to USD)
Entry:
| • | 1y1y KRW at 4.23% | | • | 1y1y SOFR at 4.94%. |
Target: 30bp outperformance of KRW 1y1y.
Long 30yr KTB at current 4.5 – 4.6% Zone
Targeting: 30bp rally in KTBs
Max loss = Unlimited on both trades
The 13% rally in KRW FX since Jul reduces imported inflation risk. Our GIR estimated every 5% KRW
appreciation brings down headline CPI by 30bp historically. KOSPI off the peak also reverses wealth

effect and the liquidity tightening earlier caused by sharp equity rally. BOK shows preference to hike pre-
emptively and 6-month median K-dot only showed one hike.
Korea is fiscally prudent with decline of net KTB supply planned next year and sufficient buffer to prevent
supplementary budget in case tax revenue falling short of expectation. At the same time, market is pricing
in 4 more hikes and a terminal rate of 4%, which is well-above the 3.5% peak BOK rate seen in 2023-24
when inflation risk was much more heightened.
We expect Korea’s headline CPI to likely peak in Q4 this year at around 3%, unless oil prices surprises
much more to the topside. Given the FX stability and calmed down equity market, we think peak fear in
Korean rates is likely behind us. We like receiving 1y1y KRW NDIRS (avoid very front end given CD is
still going higher) vs US, seeing main risk of KRW rates selloff as higher oil prices and core rates. We
expect 1y1y KRW to trade to 3.8% on relief rally. We also think 30y KTB could rally from Oct-end
onwards into year-end due to favorable seasonal supply-demand, prudent fiscal, and pre-emptive BOK.
Korea’s 2027 budget shows decline in net KTB issuance vs 2026
Source: GS FICC and Equities
ii) China Rates
Pay 3y2y CNH CCS at 1.27%
Target: 1.46%
Max loss = Unlimited
We think CNH may be having a last leg of faster-than-carry appreciation in the next 3-months, following
goodwill of Xi-Trump meeting (evidenced by strong fixing of late) and into seasonally faster appreciation
period going into year-end of Chinese New Year (driven by seasonally stronger export and high
repatriation into the holidays).
However, once USDCNY reaches 6.5 area, a historically strong level considering the 6.2-7.3 range, we
think RMB appreciation is likely to slow. For the medium term, it is likely difficult for RMB to continue
the recent 4% per year appreciation in the next 5 years, with weak domestic demand and widening US-
China rate differential.
The current 5y USDCNH forward at 5.5 may be hard to realize. Exporters may bear increasing FX losses
from RMB appreciation which erodes their already-thin margin. We thus like to pay 3y2y CNH CCS,
expecting slowdown of 5y CNH issuances given thinner margin from a multi-year-low CNH CCS, and
higher RHS hedges from corporates who have China exposure.
We think paying CNH CCS can help corporates to hedge against risks of CNH appreciation
stalling/slowing in the medium term and/or sudden jump in China rates with episodes of stimulus package
in the next few years…
CNH CCS has dropped to the lows and spread vs onshore CGB reached a wide level

Source: Bloomberg
iii) Malaysia Rates
Pay 5y MYR NDIRS at 3.94%
Target: 4.20%
Stop loss: Below 3.85%.
Max loss = Unlimited
In Malaysia, loan growth is very strong due to data-center-related build-out, while BNM signaled a future
hike at its recent meeting, leading GIR to add one BNM hike to its forecast (link).
We also expect corporate bond issuance to surpass the 2025 high. The KLIBOR-to-MYOR transition is
also slowing onshore receiving flows in IRS due to lower structured-product demand.
The MYR NDIRS curve remains relatively flat versus history, and we think 5Y MYR can move towards
4.2%. In addition, the government is expected to present the 2027 Budget on 9 October. Given impend
general election by Feb 2028, we think the risk of a more expansionary budget could add further pressure
on rates and lead to a selloff.
Malaysia Corporate bond issuance is very high this year
Source: GS FICC and Equities*
Thoughts welcome
Adam












Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities, as of 3 October 2026.
