[Page 1]
Extremes are biting
Brazil is going vertical, gold just suffered a $400 reality check and Europe is finally starting to feel the
energy shock. Different markets, same message: some of the extremes we've been flagging are
beginning to matter.
Brazil remains supported by commodities, but spot up, vol up and 11 straight gains is increasingly
difficult to chase. Gold has gone from screaming overbought to no man's land, while Europe's energy
problem is starting to bite despite positioning already being extremely light.
Add the coming buyback blackout, and September is suddenly getting a little more interesting.
Bull do Brasil
On Aug 13 we pointed out that EWZ was trading at the massive must hold level. The huge trend line
held, and we have now squeezed some 12% since then, trading well above the 200-day MA again.
LSEG Workspace
Chasing commodities
We recently highlighted the unusual divergence between Brazil and its traditional commodity beta,
with BCOM holding firm while EWZ puked. That gap is now starting to close.
Brazil has been playing catch-up to the commodity bull, and importantly, BCOM still refuses to ease. As
long as commodities remain this stubborn, that provides another tailwind for the Brazil squeeze.
LSEG Workspace
Upside panic
Wanna see spot up, vol up? Look no further. VXEWZ has exploded to the upside as the crowd chases
upside optionality in panic.


[Page 2]
According to Ibovespa Futuro, EWZ call OI continues to build, confirming growing demand for upside
optionality as the Brazil squeeze gathers pace. Latest on the Brazilian melt-up here.
LSEG Workspace
The gold wobble
On Aug 25 (here) we reminded our readers that gold was "screaming overbought". Since then, the
shiny metal has dropped some $400 after reversing right at the big $4700 resistance.
We are now testing the first short-term support around $4300, with the 50-day just below. The lower
end of the range remains much further down.
The easy part of the short is done. Gold is back in no-man's land here. Little edge until we either break
the 50-day or start squeezing again. More here.
LSEG Workspace
There were signs
Credit where credit is due, Goldman's Quinn was accurately pointing out the massive buying in gold
just in time for the latest reversal. Money managers as well as CTAs had loaded up bigly, while options
skew had reversed massively. All charts are from Aug 24.


[Page 3]
GS
Soggy Stoxx
SX5E broke the trend channel yesterday, trading below the 50-day MA for the first time since the May
melt-up started. First bigger support comes in around 6200 (futures), right where the 100-day MA
crosses.


[Page 4]
LSEG Workspace
The gas shock
Europe's gas setup is getting increasingly uncomfortable. SX5E largely ignored the first spike back in
July. The latest move higher in gas looks to be biting. More here.
LSEG Workspace
The contrarian setup
The problem for the European bear case is that positioning is already very light. According to JPM,
aggregate EU positioning sits at just the 3rd percentile since 2015, despite the market remaining only
around 3% below the highs. Goldman tells a similar story, with fundamental L/S gross in the 5th
percentile over the past year.
Historically, similarly light positioning this close to the highs has been a decent re-entry setup, with
average four-week forward returns around +4.3%. Earnings remain supportive too, particularly across
anything AI-related. The energy/rates setup is getting more uncomfortable, but this is hardly starting
from a place of exuberance.
Blackout
Not exactly selling, but the second derivative matters too. We are around peak buyback activity now,
and that bid is about to fade as blackout grows throughout September. More here.


[Page 5]
© 2025 The Market Ear
