[Page 1]
1 September 2026, 22:18 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Bond opportunities remain despite volatility
UBS House View -
Daily Asia
Min Lan Tan, Head Chief Investment Office APAC, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Giovanni Staunovo, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Kurt Reiman, Head of Fixed Income, Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Leslie Falconio, Head of Taxable Fixed Income Strategy, CIO Americas, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Frederick Mellors, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Andrew Dubinsky, US Economist, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS)
Jon Gordon, Strategist, UBS AG Hong Kong Branch
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
From the studio
Video: Why yields are rising and what it means for the dollar(4 
mins)Video: 4 reasons to take a closer look at Taiwan equities (5 
mins)Video: Post-Jackson Hole: why we think the Fed keeps rates on 
hold (4 mins)
Thought of the day
A sell-off in global bonds drove yields to new highs at the start of the week 
as renewed fighting in the Middle East pushed oil prices higher and weighed 
on investor sentiment. US President Donald Trump threatened further strikes 
against Iran after the Islamic Republic launched missiles at two US air bases in 
Jordan. Over the weekend, Washington said it had struck Iranian launchers 
that were deploying mines into the Strait of Hormuz.
The 10-year US Treasury yield rose to 4.79%, the highest level since January 
2025, while the 30-year yield stood at around 5.27% on Tuesday. Long-dated 
German and French bond yields both reached their highest levels in 15 years, 
while the 10-year Japanese government bond yield briefly hit 3% for the first 
time in 30 years. Brent crude oil, meanwhile, climbed to USD 95/bbl.
With no clear path to reopening the strait after six months of war, inflation 
worries remain elevated. Uncertainty over the Federal Reserve’s policy 
outlook, fiscal concerns, and rising AI-related debt issuance have all kept 
bonds under pressure.
Yield volatility is likely to persist in the near term, and we have highlighted 
the structural factors that could keep long-dated bond yields elevated (read 
"Interest rates strategy: The long bond summer break(out)"). We now expect 
the 30-year and 10-year Treasury yields to end the year at 5% and 4.5%, 
respectively.
But we also believe yields on shorter-dated government bonds should decline 
in the coming months, and we maintain our preference for short- to 
intermediate-tenor quality bonds.
 
What to watch: 2 September
• Australia second-quarter GDP growth
• Bank of Canada interest rate decision
• Broadcom earnings
This report has been prepared by UBS AG Singapore Branch, UBS Switzerland AG, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS),
UBS AG Hong Kong Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Daily Asia
Energy flows through the Strait should recover over time. The situation 
in the Middle East remains fluid, with both Washington and Tehran signaling 
that they are prepared to respond to further attacks. But while oil prices are 
still elevated relative to pre-conflict levels, they should stay well below those 
associated with a meaningful shock to global growth, as efforts to reopen 
the Strait of Hormuz continue. Our base case remains that traffic through 
the waterway should recover gradually over time amid economic pressures 
on the US, Iran, and the Gulf countries.
Inflation should moderate further. A gradual resumption of oil supplies 
should reinforce the disinflationary trend evident in recent US data, in our 
view. In fact, while July’s overall core personal consumption expenditures 
(PCE) data did not point to a significant slowing in inflation, the contribution 
from oil- and tariff-sensitive categories to the share of PCE components with 
elevated inflation has fallen by half over the past four months. We note that 
upcoming methodological revisions to the calculation of prices for digital 
goods and financial services could lower PCE inflation by 0.2 percentage 
points. Shelter inflation has also been running at a rate similar to or lower than 
its pre-pandemic pace, while slower wage growth should further support 
stable or lower inflation in wage-sensitive services.
The Fed has room to keep interest rates steady. We believe incoming 
data should allow the Fed to remain on hold for the remainder of this 
year. Although Fed officials have recently made hawkish comments about 
inflation risks, policymakers have also emphasized the US central bank’s data-
dependent approach. We expect market pricing for Fed rate hikes to recede 
as confidence in continued disinflation increases, allowing short-dated bond 
yields to decline.
So, we continue to see an attractive risk-return profile in the short- to 
intermediate-maturity segment of high-quality government and corporate 
bonds. Yields are likely to decline over the coming months, while their 
currently elevated levels provide a cushion against volatility and serve as an 
important driver of returns.
Caught our attention
Japan’s 10-year yield hit 3% for first time since 1996. The 10-year yield 
on Japanese government bonds (JGBs) briefly hit 3% on Tuesday, the highest 
level in 30 years. Expectations for a higher terminal policy rate and earlier 
Bank of Japan (BoJ) rate hikes have contributed to the recent sharp rise in JGB 
yields, alongside higher inflation expectations and a renewed focus on fiscal 
sustainability. The reduction of the BoJ's balance sheet since late 2024 has 
also led to a structural shift in JGB supply-demand dynamics. However, an 
auction of JPY 1.99tr of 10-year JGBs later in the day drew decent demand, 
helping anchor the 10-year yield below 3%.
Our view: While we now expect the BoJ to keep raising interest rates until 
1.75%, and have recently revised up our yield forecast, we still expect the 
10-year JGB yield to stabilize at around 2.9%. Should the 10-year yield rise 
above 3.0% for a longer period, we see ways for the Japanese government 
to intervene and limit the budgetary implications, including guiding the 
Government Pension Investment Fund to increase its allocation to JGBs and 
the BoJ to purchase long-term bonds. An acceleration of rate hikes by the 
central bank is also possible. On Japanese equities, we believe robust earnings 
should remain the key performance driver, and maintain a constructive 
outlook on the market.
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Daily Asia
South Korea proposes record budget to accelerate AI investment.
South Korea’s government this week proposed a record KRW 821 trillion 
(USD 597 billion) budget for 2027, a 12.8% increase from this year’s plan, in 
a bid to strengthen the country’s position in the global AI race. The proposal 
includes USD 1.9 billion earmarked for semiconductors and USD 15.5 billion 
for industrial water, power-grid, and logistics infrastructure in support of chip 
production. The government expects tax revenue to rise 40.7% to around 
USD 425bn, helped by semiconductor profits, while net bond issuance is set 
to decline. Parliament must approve the proposal as the next step.
Our view: South Korea’s plans reinforce our view that AI spending 
is broadening into an infrastructure and productivity investment cycle, 
extending beyond chips to power generation, grids, data centers, 
networking, and industrial automation. Recent AI earnings commentary 
point to resilient demand across hyperscalers, AI cloud providers, enterprises, 
and sovereign projects, although investors are likely to focus increasingly 
on monetization and returns on capital. We see long-term potential for 
further gains in the theme, but the risk of a period of consolidation or 
overcapacity could increase over the next 12-18 months. We favor diversified 
exposure across enabling infrastructure, intelligence, and applications rather 
than concentration in the most crowded beneficiaries.
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Daily Asia
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Daily Asia
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
