[Page 1]
2 September 2026, 04:43 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Why rate worries shouldn't eclipse Europe's 
improving fundamentals
UBS House View -
Daily Europe
Mark Haefele, Global Wealth Management Chief Investment Officer, UBS Switzerland AG
Maelle Quillevere, Economist, UBS AG London Branch
Dean Turner, Economist, UBS AG, UBS AG London Branch
Matthew Gilman, Head, CIO Europe Equity Strategy, UBS Switzerland AG
Christopher Swann, Strategist, UBS Switzerland AG
Daisy Tseng, Strategist, UBS AG Singapore Branch
Themis Themistocleous, Head Chief Investment Office EMEA, UBS AG London Branch
From the studio
Video: Why yields are rising and what it means for the dollar(4 
mins)Video: 4 reasons to take a closer look at Taiwan equities (5 
mins)Video: Post-Jackson Hole: why we think the Fed keeps rates on 
hold (4 mins)
Thought of the day
European equities came under pressure at the start of September as higher 
energy prices and rising global bond yields revived concerns about inflation 
and central bank tightening. Eurozone inflation accelerated to 3.3% in 
August from 2.9% in July, driven almost entirely by higher energy costs, 
while markets fully priced a 25-basis-point European Central Bank (ECB) rate 
increase at its September meeting. Germany’s 30-year government bond 
yield reached a 15-year high, while France’s 30-year yield rose to its highest 
level since 2008. Brent crude oil was trading at USD 95.5 a barrel at the time 
of writing as concerns over energy supplies added to inflation risks.
But we do not believe this marks the continuation of an extended ECB hiking 
cycle that will undermine the outlook for European equities.
Underlying inflation does not point to a sustained broadening of price 
pressures. Core inflation eased to 2.4% in August from 2.5%, while services 
inflation slowed to 3.0% from 3.3%. This suggests the rise in headline 
inflation remains concentrated in energy rather than reflecting a generalized 
acceleration in domestic prices. There has also been little visible acceleration 
in wage growth, while the labor market remains relatively soft. Our base case 
is for one further 25-basis-point ECB rate increase in September, taking the 
deposit rate to 2.50%, followed by an extended pause. We expect inflation 
to recede in 2027, allowing the ECB eventually to reverse this year’s increases.
The latest activity data suggest the Eurozone’s industrial recovery is 
gaining momentum. The manufacturing purchasing managers’ index rose 
to 52.7 in August from 51.9 in July, its highest reading since May 2022. New 
orders increased at their fastest pace since early 2022, while the output index 
  
What to watch: 2 September
• Bank of Canada interest rate decision
• Broadcom earnings
This report has been prepared by UBS Switzerland AG, UBS AG London Branch, UBS AG Singapore Branch. Please see 
important disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 5


[Page 2]
Daily Europe
climbed to 53.3, a 54-month high. Export orders also expanded for only the 
second time in four and a half years, with particularly strong overseas demand 
in Austria, Germany, and the Netherlands. Input-cost inflation eased to a six-
month low, although it remained above levels seen before the Middle East 
conflict. The data suggest that European industry is absorbing the energy 
shock better than feared and that the cyclical recovery remains intact.
Improving earnings and structural investment trends should support 
further gains in European equities. Stoxx Europe 600 earnings grew 22% 
year over year in the second quarter, while the net proportion of companies 
beating estimates reached 25%, compared with a historical average of 16%. 
We expect Eurozone earnings per share to grow by around 15% in both 
2026 and 2027, supported by the manufacturing recovery and investment 
in AI, electrification, defense, and reshoring. The market trades at around 
15 times forward earnings and roughly 14.2 times our forecast for 2027 
earnings, leaving valuations supported by improving profits rather than 
dependent on multiple expansion. We favor sectors and markets with the 
strongest exposure to the region’s cyclical recovery, earnings improvement, 
and structural investment. These include industrials, banks, information 
technology, consumer discretionary, and health care, alongside Germany and 
the automation and robotics theme.
So, we remain Attractive on Eurozone equities despite the near-term pressure 
from energy prices, bond yields, and the prospect of another ECB rate 
increase. Improving activity, stronger earnings, and reasonable valuations 
support further gains, while the concentration of the inflation increase in 
energy argues against extrapolating a prolonged tightening cycle. We also 
favor quality bonds with short- and medium-term maturities, where investors 
can lock in elevated yields while limiting exposure to the fiscal and supply 
pressures affecting the long end of the curve.
Caught our attention
US economy retains resilience. The ISM Manufacturing PMI fell to 54.6 in 
August, from July’s four-year high of 55.6 and below market expectations 
of 55.2. According to data released on Tuesday, new orders slowed, 
employment growth eased, and the backlog of orders fell. The overall 
reading, however, still marked the eighth consecutive month of expansion in 
US factory activity. Separately, job openings in the US increased by 89,000 to 
7.27 million in July, according to the latest Job Openings and Labor Turnover 
Survey (JOLTS). This was up from a downwardly revised 7.18 million openings 
in June, but below market expectations of 7.3 million. The survey also showed 
that both quits rate and layoffs fell.
Our view: August’s nonfarm payrolls due this Friday will be the next key data 
to watch ahead of the Federal Reserve’s policy meeting later this month. 
A report showing strong labor demand could raise market expectations for 
interest rate hikes further, especially following Chair Kevin Warsh’s hawkish 
comments at the Jackson Hole Symposium and against the backdrop of 
renewed Middle East tensions and still elevated inflation. For the equity 
market, however, we think the resilience in the US economy and robust 
earnings should continue to drive the broadening of performance in the 
coming months. We expect earnings growth of 25% for the S&P 500 this 
year and recommend a diversified exposure across sectors.
Japan’s 10-year bond yield rises above 3%. The 10-year yield on Japanese 
government bonds (JGBs) stood on Wednesday above 3%, the highest level 
in 30 years. Expectations for a higher terminal policy rate and earlier Bank 
of Japan (BoJ) rate hikes have contributed to the recent sharp rise in JGB 
Page 2 of 5


[Page 3]
Daily Europe
yields, alongside higher inflation expectations and a renewed focus on fiscal 
sustainability. The reduction of the BoJ's balance sheet since late 2024 has 
also led to a structural shift in JGB supply-demand dynamics. Wednesday's 
move came after the 10-year US Treasury yield rose to a 20-month high and 
the 30-year yield climbed toward its August peak. Separately, a JPY 1.99tr 
auction of 10-year JGBs on Tuesday still drew decent demand, with a bid-to-
cover ratio of 3.29, higher than the 12-month average of 3.26.
Our view: While we now expect the BoJ to keep raising interest rates until 
1.75%, and have recently revised up our yield forecast, we still expect the 
10-year JGB yield to stabilize at around 2.9%. Should the 10-year yield rise 
above 3.0% for a longer period, we see ways for the Japanese government 
to intervene and limit the budgetary implications, including guiding the 
Government Pension Investment Fund to increase its allocation to JGBs and 
the BoJ to purchase long-term bonds. An acceleration of rate hikes by the 
central bank is also possible. On Japanese equities, we believe robust earnings 
should remain the key performance driver, and maintain a constructive 
outlook on the market.
Market update
Source: Bloomberg, Factset, UBS
Page 3 of 5


[Page 4]
Daily Europe
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 4 of 5


[Page 5]
Daily Europe
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 5 of 5
