[Page 1]
Public
CIO derivatives: 
Top ideas September 2026
UBS Chief Investment Office GWM
Moritz Vontobel, Analyst
Luca Henzen, Analyst
Published on
2 September 2026 10:30 UTC
Maximilian Kunkel, Strategist
This report was prepared by UBS Switzerland AG.
Please see the important disclaimer at the end of the document.


[Page 2]
1
Hedging
Summary: Derivatives – top ideas
Participation
Yield
•
US equities have delivered above-average returns of late. However, this positive trend has been accompanied by frequent and 
relatively sharp drawdowns, reflecting ongoing geopolitical, policy, and valuation-linked risks.
•
Against this backdrop, option structures with limited exotic features, such as lookbacks, may appeal. They are attractively priced in 
the current volatility and rate environment and have historically produced positive payouts more often than vanilla puts.
Hedging
See slide 6 for important information on the risks investors face when investing in options.
Charts and scenarios are for illustrative purposes only. Historical performance and forecasts are no 
guarantee of future performance. Please see the important disclaimer at the end of the document.
•
We maintain an attractive view on EM equities following the AI-led pullback, which has reduced positioning and concentration 
risks. Resilient earnings and a constructive macro backdrop support our positive outlook.
•
Implied volatility remains elevated relative to global index peers, reflecting EM equities’ relatively high technology exposure. 
Investors can monetize this elevated volatility by selling downside risk.
•
We remain positive on Japanese equities, supported by resilient earnings, improved valuations, and intact fundamentals despite the 
recent AI-related correction and yen appreciation. We favor balanced exposure to AI-related growth stocks, cyclical beneficiaries, 
and structural beneficiaries.
•
Elevated implied volatility on the Nikkei 225 creates an opportunity to sell puts to help fund call spreads, providing participation in 
a potential rebound while offering a limited cushion against near-term declines.


[Page 3]
2
Hedging: Hedges that can sustain sharp rallies
Adding lookback feature to hedges can make hedge more reliable
Note: OTM refers to “out-of-the-money,” ATM to “at-the-money”
Trade details:
➢
Use lookback put spread options on the S&P 500 to protect equity 
exposure. To cheapen the structure, consider a weekly instead of a daily 
lookback feature.
➢
Consider six-month tenors (i.e., March 2027 expiry) and strikes at 5% 
and 15% OTM (without lookback), measured from maximum value 
(observed on a weekly basis) during option lifetime. 
The 1997-2000 case study: Lookbacks deliver payout more frequently 
Comparison of payout (before cost) for 6-month, 5%-OTM options
Market environment of relatively high returns but frequent drawdowns
Comparison of longer-term S&P 500 returns and medium-term drawdowns
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 1 September 2026
Charts and scenarios are for illustrative purposes only. Historical performance and forecasts are no 
guarantee for future performance. Please see important disclaimer at the end of the document.
View
•
The AI investment cycle and strong earnings growth should continue to 
support equities over the medium term. However, uncertainty around 
geopolitics or worries about equity valuations increase the risk of periodic 
drawdowns.
•
Equities have performed well in recent years. Returns have been higher than 
during most of the past 25 years. But drawdowns have been frequent 
and relatively sharp as well. 
•
We think investors looking to hedge equity risk should consider option 
structures with light exotic features, such as lookbacks, which price well 
compared to vanilla puts, driven by moderate equity volatility and interest 
rates that remain relatively elevated compared to the last cycle. 
•
The strike of a lookback is determined by the highest spot level 
throughout the life of the trade. As a result, the lookback trades at a 
premium versus a vanilla put. 
•
Historically, buying a vanilla put option (six-month, 5%-OTM) would have 
delivered a positive payout (i.e., return before premium spent) 16% of the 
time, compared to 27% for a put option with a weekly lookback feature. 
0%
5%
10%
15%
1997
1998
1999
2000
Lookback put (weekly)
Vanilla put
-60%
-40%
-20%
0%
20%
40%
60%
1980
1982
1984
1986
1988
1990
1992
1994
1996
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
2026
2-year S&P return (annualized, 1-month average)
6-month maximum drawdown (1-year average)


[Page 4]
3
Yield enhancement: EM volatility remains elevated
High technology exposure generates high yields in EM equities 
View
•
Index equity implied volatility could be characterized as relatively benign across 
regions. However, indices with a high tilt toward the technology sector 
tend to trade with a higher implied volatility. The MSCI Emerging Markets 
(EM) index, which has a 40% exposure to the information technology sector, is 
subsequently one of the highest volatility equity indices.
•
EM equities have undergone consolidation following the recent pullback 
in AI-linked equities. In our view, this adjustment has helped reduce positioning 
excesses, alleviate concentration concerns, and improve the risk-reward 
profile. 
•
The broader backdrop remains constructive: macro risks are better understood, 
positioning is less stretched, and earnings momentum remains resilient. 
Investors looking to monetize the relatively elevated volatility can 
therefore consider selling the downside risk in EM equities.
•
Investors looking for higher yields may consider a worst-of structure of the 
regional markets with the highest weights in the index (mainland China, South 
Korea, and Taiwan).
Low implied correlation favors worst-of structures
MSCI Emerging Markets Index GICS sector exposure
Trade details:
➢
Barrier reverse convertibles (BRCs) on the MSCI EM (or basket of 
constituents) offer competitive yields. A 9-12-month structure with a barrier 
set at approximately 75% of the current spot level and featuring continuous 
barrier monitoring can deliver annual coupons of ca. 8.5%.
➢
Risk: If one of the underlying assets breaches the barrier level during the life of 
the structure, the investor may incur a significant loss, receiving a cash amount 
(or asset) worth less than the initial investment.
EM equity volatility relatively elevated
6-month at-the-money implied volatility across the major equity indices
Note: OTM refers to “out-of-the-money,” ATM to “at-the-money”
Source: Bloomberg, MSCI, UBS, as of 1 September 
2026
Charts and scenarios are for illustrative purposes only. Historical performance and forecasts are no 
guarantee for future performance. Please see important disclaimer at the end of the document.
0
10
20
30
40
50
S&P 500 Nasdaq 100Euro Stoxx 50
DAX
FTSE 100 Nikkei 225 MSCI EM
China
Korea
Taiwan
5y 5-50%iles
5y 50-95%iles
10y 5-95%iles
03-Aug-2026
Latest
Information Technology
41%
Financials
20%
Consumer Discretionary
8%
Communication Services 
7%
Industrials 
6%
Materials 
6%
Energy 
3%
Consumer Staples 
3%
Health Care 
3%
Utilities 
2%
Real Estate 
1%


[Page 5]
4
Participation: Use elevated Nikkei 225 to position for equity rebound
Add a buffer against near-term downside risks while building upside exposure
View
•
We maintain an Attractive view on Japanese equities. In our view, the 
market has likely established a cyclical bottom, supported by resilient 
earnings growth and more attractive valuations. Despite the recent 
correction driven by AI-related weakness and yen appreciation, underlying 
fundamentals remain intact.
•
Japanese equities remain among the best-performing developed markets this 
year. Valuations have normalized meaningfully following the recent 
correction. We believe the correction presents an attractive opportunity 
to gain exposure. 
•
Given the relatively high exposure to the AI-theme, implied volatility for the 
Nikkei 225 is elevated vs. its own history (78th percentile vs. the past 10 
years) and compared to global index peers. 
•
Selling puts to fund call spreads benefits from elevated implied 
volatility and sets up well to position for a rebound in Japanese equities with 
a downside buffer in case of further near-term market volatility. 
Call spread collars offer upside with some buffer
Nikkei 225 spot and indicative strike levels of structure
Trade details:
➢
Call spread collars on the Nikkei 225—i.e., selling an OTM put to finance 
an OTM call spread—allow for upside participation with a downside buffer.
➢
Target 6- to 12-month tenor and set the put strike at ca. 10% OTM to finance 
a 2-10% OTM call spread.
➢
Note: Such structures are exposed to the downside in the underlying if it 
trades below the put strike at expiry. 
Japanese equity volatility has stabilized at elevated levels
VNKY Index in vol-points
Note: OTM refers to “out-of-the-money”, ATM to “at-the-money”
Charts and scenarios are for illustrative purposes only. Historical performance and forecasts are no 
guarantee for future performance. Please see important disclaimer at the end of the document.
Source: Bloomberg, UBS, as of 1 September 2026
0
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
01/2021
01/2022
01/2023
01/2024
01/2025
01/2026
30000
35000
40000
45000
50000
55000
60000
65000
70000
75000
01/2024
07/2024
01/2025
07/2025
01/2026
07/2026
01/2027
Nikkei-225
Short put
Long call
Short call


[Page 6]
5
Overview: Summary of previously highlighted trades
Trade
Expiry
Publication date
View
Rationale
Worst-of-put on Korean and 
Japanese equities
Dec-26
13/03/2026
Still attractive
Implied volatility levels on Japanese and Korean equity markets remain relatively elevated. 
Call spread collar on S&P 500
Dec-26
13/03/2026
Still attractive
We continue to see upside to equities towards the end of 2026. 
Sell upside risk in US rates
Dec-26
07/05/2026
Still attractive
US rates remain at highs. We see yields moving lower over the medium-term.
SMI upside
Dec-26
07/05/2026
Hold
We have shifted our view on Swiss equities. 
S&P 500 Lookback option
Jan-26
16/06/2026
Still attractive
Lookback options are appealing in our view given benign volatiltiy, high rates and periods of strong price momentum.
Sell US sector volatility
Mar-26
16/06/2026
Still attractive
Sector and single stock volatiltiy remains elevated vs. equity index volatility. 
Goll call spread collars
Jan-26
16/06/2026
Hold
While we see continued upside to gold. Volatility skew has shifted making the trade less appealing. 


[Page 7]
6
Risk information
Main risks of investing in options
Unlike owning or shorting a security, option contracts are, by definition, governed by a finite duration. An option buyer faces the risk of losing the entire amount of the premium paid. An 
option writer, however, faces a higher level of risk, as the potential loss can be significant if the option expires in-the-money. As option investments usually require less capital compared 
with an equivalent position in the underlying asset, the losses of an option investor are usually smaller. The exception to this general rule occurs when options are used to provide 
leverage.
See further disclaimers on the next page. 


[Page 8]
Appendix
Non-traditional asset classes are alternative investments that include hedge funds, private equity, private credit, real estate, and managed futures (collectively, alternative investments). Interests of alternative 
investment funds are sold only to qualified investors, and only by means of offering documents that include information about the risks, performance and expenses of alternative investment funds, and which clients are urged to read 
carefully before subscribing and retain. An investment in an alternative investment fund is speculative and involves significant risks.
Specifically, these investments (1) are not mutual funds and are not subject to the same regulatory requirements as mutual funds; (2) may have performance that is volatile, and investors may lose all or a substantial amount of their 
investment; (3) may engage in leverage and other speculative investment practices that may increase the risk of investment loss; (4) are long-term, illiquid investments, there is generally no secondary market for the interests of a fund, and 
none is expected to develop; (5) interests of alternative investment funds typically will be illiquid and subject to restrictions on transfer; (6) may not be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors; (7) generally 
involve complex tax strategies and there may be delays in distributing tax information to investors; (8) are subject to high fees, including management fees and other fees and expenses, all of which will reduce profits.
Interests in alternative investment funds are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed or endorsed by, any bank or other insured depository institution, and are not federally insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the 
Federal Reserve Board, or any other governmental agency. Prospective investors should understand these risks and have the financial ability and willingness to accept them for an extended period of time before making an investment in an 
alternative investment fund and should consider an alternative investment fund as a supplement to an overall investment program.
In addition to the risks that apply to alternative investments generally, the following are additional risks related to an investment in these strategies:
•
Hedge Fund Risk: There are risks specifically associated with investing in hedge funds, which may include risks associated with investing in short sales, options, small-cap stocks, “junk bonds,” derivatives, distressed securities, non-U.S. 
securities and illiquid investments.
•
Managed Futures: There are risks specifically associated with investing in managed futures programs. For example, not all managers focus on all strategies at all times, and managed futures strategies may have material directional 
elements.
•
Real Estate: There are risks specifically associated with investing in real estate products and real estate investment trusts. They involve risks associated with debt, adverse changes in general economic or local market conditions, 
changes in governmental, tax, real estate and zoning laws or regulations, risks associated with capital calls and, for some real estate products, the risks associated with the ability to qualify for favorable treatment under the federal tax 
laws.
•
Private Equity: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private equity. Capital calls can be made on short notice, and the failure to meet capital calls can result in significant adverse consequences including, but not 
limited to, a total loss of investment.
•
Private Credit: There are risks specifically associated with investing in private credit. This could include losses stemming from defaults on loans, which in significant adverse circumstances could result in a substantial loss of investment.
•
Foreign Exchange/Currency Risk: Investors in securities of issuers located outside of the United States should be aware that even for securities denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and 
the issuer’s “home” currency can have unexpected effects on the market value and liquidity of those securities. Those securities may also be affected by other risks (such as political, economic or regulatory changes) that may not be 
readily known to a U.S. investor.


[Page 9]
8
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) 
or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. 
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained 
herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific recipient. 
It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered 
worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources believed to be 
reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and 
opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions expressed herein may 
differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI 
Tools”) in the preparation of this document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) 
valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the performance of 
any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing 
performance fees. By receiving this document and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise rely on any of the 
information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, 
carry out transactions involving relevant investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as directors, either to/for the 
issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold 
securities) made by UBS and its employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not be readily realizable since the 
market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to 
control the flow of information contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading is not suitable for every investor 
as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional 
information will be made available upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back less than you invested or may 
be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this 
report may interact with trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products independently of each other. For example, research publications 
from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems of each separate 
research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for 
certain economic forecasts (for which UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations provided by each of the 
separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all 
clients may have access to all products from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it. The compensation of the 
analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on 
investment banking, sales and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which investment banking, sales and 
trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax 
treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) 
of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.


[Page 10]
9
Risk information
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this 
material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report is 
for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its 
investment views and publication offering, and research and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors of this 
publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any 
product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors into 
investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable 
investing considerations may inhibit UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the Client’s investment objectives. 
The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues 
are not considered by UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
 
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly 
prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated 
by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
