[Page 1]
2 September 2026, 09:20 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
What can commodities add to a portfolio?
Investment strategy insights
 
 Author: Matthew Carter, Strategist, UBS AG London Branch
• While many investors have added gold to their 
portfolios, few may have explored the potential merits 
of adding broad commodity exposure.
• Commodities could add additional sources of return to 
a portfolio, with long-term demand trends supporting 
base metals and unique weather and geopolitical 
challenges underpinning agriculture.
• They may offer first-time investors a way to tap into 
global economic growth, hedge against inflation, and 
diversify risk. They can also offer exposure to parts of 
financial markets that may be little represented in local 
stock markets.
 
Source: Shutterstock
 
Many investors have added gold to traditional stock-bond 
portfolios in recent months as a way to hedge against 
inflation surprises, geopolitical uncertainty, or the risk of 
currency debasement amid high government deficits in 
developed markets.
But we believe now is the time for investors to consider a 
wider range of commodities. In our view, they can provide a 
structural source of return and diversification when energy 
disruptions or renewed inflation weigh on equity and bond 
returns.
Commodities, especially select industrial metals, should also 
benefit from long-term trends like electrification, rising 
power demand, and artificial intelligence (AI) infrastructure 
investment. While demand from these sources grows, 
supply in many commodity markets is failing to keep pace.
Why look now?
First, after gold prices rose roughly 10% in August, now may 
be the time for investors with significant holdings to lock 
in some gains and broaden commodity exposure beyond 
traditional “safe-haven” assets.
Second, in the current environment of renewed attacks in 
the Middle East, we believe energy exposure can help buffer 
against further supply disruptions. Longer term, we believe 
stronger-than-anticipated oil demand may warrant looking 
at portfolio exposure to crude oil.
Third, near-term catalysts in agriculture and industrial metals 
strengthen the case for broader exposure. El Niño-related 
risks support agriculture, while AI-linked demand helps keep 
metals resilient.
How to view gold
We believe central bank demand, continued diversification 
away from the US dollar, and global debt concerns will 
remain important structural supports. For investors with 
substantial gains after the strong rally over the past year, 
higher prices may provide an opportunity to rebalance some 
exposure into other commodity sectors.
We believe investors should continue to view gold as a useful 
strategic diversifier, and we remain constructive on gold 
prices over the next 12 months. Some investors may also 
want to explore structured strategies to accumulate gold 
while earning option income or to benefit from volatility as 
a source of yield.
How much should investors allocate to commodities, 
and how can they gain exposure?
Commodities may offer first-time investors a way to tap 
into global economic growth, hedge against inflation, and 
This report has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch. Please see important disclaimers and disclosures at the 
end of the document.
Page 1 of 4


[Page 2]
Investment strategy insights
diversify risk. They can also provide exposure to parts of 
financial markets that may be underrepresented in local 
stock markets. For example, broad European equity indices 
such as the MSCI EMU have roughly 8% exposure to energy 
and materials, compared with roughly one-quarter of their 
market capitalization in the largest sector (financials).
Our analysis of developed market stock and commodity 
returns also shows that commodities have become less 
correlated with equities on both three- and six-month 
horizons over the past year, based on MSCI World and CMCI 
data. In other words, commodities have been more inclined 
to rally when stocks decline, and vice versa. This relationship 
could help smooth portfolio returns through a fast-moving 
geopolitical and technological news cycle.
CIO prefers active approaches that focus on the most 
promising opportunities, manage costs, and adapt to 
changing market conditions.
CIO presently favors a mid- to high-single-digit allocation 
to commodities within a diversified portfolio, providing 
meaningful diversification without excessive risk. The exact 
weight depends on investors’ goals, risk tolerance, and 
market outlook. Regular reviews and rebalancing are 
important to keep portfolios aligned.
While commodities can play a valuable role in portfolios, 
they can experience periodic volatility. Returns are strongest 
when supply-demand imbalances or macroeconomic risks
—like inflation or geopolitical events—are elevated. In 
such periods, broad commodity exposure can help diversify 
portfolios and mitigate shocks.
Page 2 of 4


[Page 3]
Investment strategy insights
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk Information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates.
The investment views have been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence 
of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
Page 3 of 4


[Page 4]
Investment strategy insights
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces it.
The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and senior 
management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales and 
trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of which 
investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product-specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: This document is not intended for distribution into the US and / or to US persons.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 4 of 4
