[Page 1]
2 September 2026, 06:00 UTC
Chief Investment Office GWM
Investment Research
Oncology - update
Longer Term Investments
 
 Authors: Diana Na, Healthcare Sector Equity Analyst, UBS AG London Branch; Eric Potoker, CIO Equity Strategist, US Health care, UBS Financial Services 
Inc. (UBS FS)
• An aging population is expected to drive a continued 
increase in global cancer incidence in the coming years, 
despite well-publicized initiatives to reduce cancer 
risks. We expect the rate of growth in new cancer cases 
to be more than double that of population growth 
until 2050.
• The market for oncology drugs is worth around 
USD 270bn in 2025 and expected to grow around 
8% CAGR to 2030. We view above-GDP growth as 
sustainable in the medium term. The theme is tilted 
toward growth-oriented companies, but also offers 
exposure to defensive, income-generating pharma 
stocks.
• In this update, we refresh our analysis of the global 
cancer drug market and provide a brief overview of 
some of the innovative drug categories likely to drive 
its growth over the coming years.
 
Source: Lyubov Kobyakova
 
Cancer is a leading cause of death globally. According to 
the World Health Organization (WHO), in 2024 there were 
nearly 10 million cancer deaths or nearly one in six deaths, 
despite great strides made in diagnosis and treatment. There 
were 21mn new cancer cases in 2024, and this figure is 
expected to rise to nearly 35mn by 2050.
Oncology is one of the most exciting areas of drug 
development, in our view, and cancer drugs account for 
41% of global clinical trial starts in 2024, according to 
IQVIA. The cancer pipeline includes a broad range of 
targets and new treatment modalities, with clinical readouts 
expected to clarify development risk in the coming years.
In this update, we refresh our analysis of the global cancer 
drug market and provide a brief overview of some of the 
innovative drug categories likely to drive its growth over the 
coming years.
This report has been prepared by UBS AG London Branch, UBS Financial Services Inc. (UBS FS). Please see important 
disclaimers and disclosures at the end of the document.
Page 1 of 12


[Page 2]
Longer Term Investments
Cancer treatment remains an 
unmet medical and social need
The last two decades have seen enormous strides made in 
the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. And yet, it remains 
a leading cause of death globally, with nearly 10mn cancer 
deaths in 2024. Cancer is the second leading cause of death 
globally if all cancer deaths were combined as a single 
disease. Cancer incidence is expected to continue growing, 
with the WHO estimating that new cases will reach 35mn 
annually by 2050, up from 21mn in 2024. With overall five-
year survival rates stable at around 70.5% in the US, and 
lower for many cancer types, there is still a need for new, 
innovative cancer treatments.
The good news is that continued gains in understanding 
the molecular basis of cancer and the human immune 
system have led to the development of a broad and deep 
pipeline of anti-cancer drugs. Important developments in 
recent years include the clinical and commercial success of 
immuno-oncology, as well as the successful development of 
personalized cell therapy treatments like CAR-T for blood 
cancers. Oncologists increasingly think about cancer based 
on its molecular signature and genetic mutations rather than 
solely by the specific organ in which it originated. Over 
time, we see scope for more targeted interventions, with 
better and more durable responses. A rich pipeline of new 
treatment approaches, including antibody-drug conjugates 
(ADCs), bi-specific antibodies, and radiopharmaceuticals 
could further improve survival rates.
The commercial strides of immuno-oncology drugs have 
made oncology the largest single drug category in the 
global pharma market, although recently the rapid growth 
of obesity treatments means that oncology is no longer the 
fastest-growing major drug category. But we still see scope 
for high-digit growth, driven by demand from an aging 
population, new innovative treatments, and expansion of 
coverage in developing markets such as China. We expect 
the global oncology market to grow from around USD 
270bn in 2025 to nearly USD 400bn by 2030, implying an 
8% CAGR.
Cancer incidence is driven by aging
The continued growth in the number of cancer cases is 
linked directly to the aging of the global population. Cancer 
results from accumulated mutations of cells caused by 
genetic, environmental, or other factors. These effects are 
more likely to occur as we age, with most cases diagnosed 
in people over age 65 (Fig. 1).
A better understanding of lifestyle risks has improved cancer 
death rates in developed markets. But there is little that can 
be done to combat the accumulated effects of aging on our 
cells. Global life expectancy continues to rise and is currently 
expected to hit 77 years by 2050, up from 73 in 2024 (Fig. 
2), and the over-65 population is expected to grow at nearly 
4x the rate of the total population over the same period. 
As the global population ages, we expect cancer incidence 
to outpace population growth by more than a factor of 
2:1. Furthermore, as emerging markets drive the increase in 
global life expectancy, we expect an increasing burden of 
cancer in these markets.
Fig. 1: Cancer incidence rates by age, UK
New cancer cases per 100,000 population, selected age groups
Source: Cancer Research UK, as of October 2021
Better and earlier diagnosis has also contributed to market 
growth, both by widening the patient pool and because 
earlier treatment usually leads to longer survival. According 
to the American Cancer Society, the five-year survival rate for 
all cancers diagnosed in the US between 2016 and 2022 was 
70.5%, only slightly above the 69% reported for 2013–19. 
This partly reflects the fact that new treatments take time 
to become widely available and to influence population-
level statistics, while progress in some cancers is offset by 
aggressive cancers that are often diagnosed late or develop 
treatment resistance. Nevertheless, the longer-term trend is 
encouraging: five-year survival has risen from 49% in 1975–
77 to 63% in 1995–97 and 70.5% in the latest period. 
We therefore expect gradual survival improvement as earlier 
detection and new therapies advance.
Fig. 2: Life expectancy rising worldwide
Life expectancy at birth, years
Source: United Nations (World Population Prospects 2024, medium 
variant)
Developments in cancer treatment
Significant improvements in cancer care over the past 
decade have been underpinned by an improved scientific 
understanding of how the body's own immune system can 
Page 2 of 12


[Page 3]
Longer Term Investments
be harnessed to fight cancer. This led to the development 
of targeted immuno-oncology, which offers the hope of 
more durable responses and reduced side effects compared 
to conventional chemotherapy, along with cell therapy 
approaches that have shown remarkable effects in solid 
tumors and multiple blood cancers.
Checkpoint inhibitors, the first wave of immuno-oncology 
drugs, have now matured after nearly a decade in the 
market and will begin to face biosimilar competition around 
2028. Sales of these drugs exceeded USD 55bn in 2025, and 
may peak close to USD 60bn before losing exclusivity, based 
on consensus estimates. Current market expectations for 
second-generation immuno-oncology drugs are a fraction 
of this size.
The good news is that multiple other approaches have 
been successfully developed, and the cancer pipeline is now 
incredibly broad both in terms of targets and modalities. 
Beyond immuno-oncology, progress has been made with 
tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs), next-generation hormonal 
therapies, and radiopharmaceuticals, among others. Cell 
therapies such as CAR-Ts are also making further progress. 
Some of the approaches likely to be in focus for investors 
over the next couple years include:
• Antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) combine a cytotoxic 
chemotherapy designed to kill cancer cells with an 
antibody designed to target key proteins in the cancer 
cell of interest. This allows the drug to be precisely 
delivered to where it is needed, reducing unwanted 
exposure of the drug to normal cells. ADCs can 
be used in both blood cancers and solid tumours 
and are generally administered by infusion. However, 
their development and manufacturing are complex, 
though there has been progress made in optimizing the 
engineering of ADCs. Several ADCs are commercially 
available, including AstraZeneca/Daiichi Sankyo’s Enhertu 
and Roche’s Kadcyla. Both use a trastuzumab-based 
antibody to target HER2, although they contain different 
payloads and linkers.
• Bispecific antibodies. An alternative approach is to 
engineer an antibody capable of binding to two or more 
proteins—so-called bispecific antibodies. By binding 
to two sites and pulling them together, bispecifics 
can improve the immune system's ability to fight 
tumors. Several bispecific antibodies are approved across 
therapeutic areas, including hematology and oncology, 
with multiple approvals in conditions such as multiple 
myeloma and lymphoma. Their main advantages over 
CAR-T therapy are that they are generally off the 
shelf, more readily scalable, and do not require the 
patient’s cells to be collected and genetically modified. 
However, some require frequent dosing and close 
monitoring. PD-1xVEGF bispecifics are an emerging 
treatment modality for lung cancer that has attracted 
increasing investor attention. The leading candidate, 
ivonescimab from Summit/Akeso, has prompted several 
US companies to form partnerships with Chinese biotech 
to add similar drugs to their pipelines. We await further 
clinical updates (HARMONi trials) in the coming months 
to assess whether this approach could challenge Merck’s 
Keytruda as the current standard of care.
• CAR T-cell therapy (CAR-T): CAR-T is a personalized 
treatment that genetically reprograms a patient’s own 
T cells to recognize and destroy cancer cells. Several 
CAR-T therapies have been approved, although their use 
is currently focused mainly on blood cancers, including 
leukemia, lymphoma, and multiple myeloma. CAR-T is 
typically administered as a one-time treatment and can 
produce durable remissions—and potentially curative 
outcomes—in some patients. However, its use is limited 
by high costs, complex manufacturing and logistical 
requirements, potentially serious toxicities and patient 
eligibility constraints. More recently, there has been 
growing interest in in-vivo CAR-T, in which T cells are 
engineered directly inside the patient’s body rather than 
being collected and modified outside it, although clinical 
evidence remains limited.
• Radiopharmaceuticals build on the long-established 
principle of treating cancer with radiation. Having to 
handle radioactive products with short half-lives creates 
challenges in supply chains and distribution; however, 
Novartis has demonstrated the commercial feasibility of 
the class with Pluvicto (prostate cancer) and Lutathera 
(neuroendocrine tumors), two therapies incorporating 
the beta-emitting radioisotope 177-lutetium. Treatments 
in the pipeline include a range of radioisotopes, including 
alpha-emitters such as 225-actinium, which may offer 
more potent and targeted radiation delivery compared to 
beta-emitters. The longer half-life of actinium should also 
provide supply chain benefits, although the additional 
toxicity created by alpha particle decay may be a 
challenge to manage. We expect to see more interest 
in the space from large-cap pharma companies in the 
coming years.
• mRNA cancer vaccines. The concept of individualized 
neoantigen therapies, or "cancer vaccines," goes 
back several years but prior attempts were largely 
unsuccessful. 
Since 
the 
advent 
of 
mRNA-based 
therapeutics, cancer vaccines have once again become 
an area of research. Messenger RNA (mRNA) is a key 
molecule involved in translating genetic instructions in a 
cell's nucleus into proteins. The principle behind using 
mRNA as a cancer vaccine is that cancer cells display 
proteins that are not displayed in healthy cells, enabling 
the body to mount an immune response against them. 
Moderna's mRNA-4157 (V940, intismeran) is one of 
the leading candidates in the field and is out-licensed 
to Merck & Co. The latest Phase 2b data showed 
durable efficacy in high-risk resected melanoma patients. 
Five years after treatment, mRNA-4157 reduced the 
relative risk of cancer recurrence or death by 49% 
Page 3 of 12


[Page 4]
Longer Term Investments
when added to standard of care Keytruda relative to 
Keytruda monotherapy. In addition, this combination 
reduced the risk of distant metastasis or death by 59%. 
The drug is in multiple Phase 3 trials with Moderna 
and Merck recently reporting positive top line results 
for mRNA-4157 from the Phase 3 (INTerpath-001) trial 
in adjuvant melanoma. We await to see the detailed 
results, however the company flagged that from the pre-
specified interim analysis, mRNA-4157 in combination 
with Keytruda reduces the risk of recurrence and distant 
metastasis.
Oncology is the largest drug market
Oncology is the largest area within the global pharma 
market, although its industry-leading growth rates have 
slowed recently as the mega-blockbuster immuno-oncology 
drugs launched in the mid-2010s have matured. Since 2020, 
sales of oncology drugs have grown at an 11% annual rate 
from around USD 160bn to around USD 270bn in 2025.
We expect oncology sales to continue to outpace the 
broader pharma market, slightly increasing growth to 8% 
over the next five years and putting it on track to reach 
USD 400bn by 2030 (Fig. 3), although the impact of 
biosimilar competition to several of today's blockbuster 
oncology drugs introduces some uncertainty toward the 
end of the forecast period. According to IQVIA, cancer 
drugs make up 41% of new clinical trial starts, and 33% 
of the 48 new drugs launched globally in 2024. This 
suggests that oncology will become an even larger share 
of launched drugs in the future. These growth sources will 
be offset partially by erosion of older drugs by generics and 
biosimilars.
Fig. 3: Global cancer market growth
Market size in USD billions
Source: IQVIA, UBS research. As of September 2026
Pricing power is increasingly linked to innovation in the 
pharma market, and the breadth and depth of the current 
oncology pipeline are supportive of several innovative new 
treatments coming to market in the next few years. In the 
longer term, we see the market growing in the mid- to 
high-single digits as new cancer cases outpace population 
growth, a wider range of cancer types becomes treatable, 
and patients survive for longer.
Investment conclusion
We view innovative cancer therapeutics as the most 
interesting way to benefit from the theme. The USD 270bn 
market for drugs to treat cancer is forecast to grow around 
8%, and we expect it to outpace global GDP growth over 
our long-term investment horizon.
Companies with marketed drugs to treat cancer offer 
generally consistent sales trends, with earnings growth 
above GDP independent of the economic cycle, strong 
cash returns on capital, and well-covered dividends. Smaller, 
development-stage biotechnology companies can play 
an important role in oncology innovation. Their returns 
depend on successful clinical development or commercial 
partnerships. These companies have a different risk profile 
compared to their established counterparts.
Our reference list of stocks exposed to the theme can 
be found below (Table 1), including the selection criteria. 
Please note that this list is only for reference and is not a 
recommendation list.
The long-term nature of drug development also provides a 
potential opportunity for long-term investors to capture an 
illiquidity premium through private market investments in 
the area, including impact investment opportunities.
Investment risks
Major risks in exposure to the oncology theme include:
• Clinical failure: A new drug can fail at any point 
during clinical development, encounter regulatory issues, 
or fail in post-approval commerce. This risk can be 
mitigated, but not eliminated, by focusing on drugs with 
demonstrated proof of concept.
• Drug pricing: Recent years have seen increased investor 
and media focus on US drug prices. The US remains the 
only major country where initial drug prices are set by the 
market, but under new legislation Medicare has started 
to negotiate the price of some drugs starting in 2026. 
Rising drug bills will undoubtedly lead to greater pressure 
from insurers and other payers, but truly differentiated 
drugs are likely to go on commanding a premium, in our 
view.
• Regulatory environment: A key support of the recovery 
in R&D productivity seen by the pharma industry over the 
last decade has been a more supportive and pro-industry 
regulatory environment, particularly that of the US Food 
and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA was seen as 
overly risk averse and reluctant to approve innovative new 
drugs but has since introduced new approval pathways 
and financial incentives for innovation. In the event of an 
increase in reported adverse events perceived to be linked 
Page 4 of 12


[Page 5]
Longer Term Investments
to these changes, the FDA could come under pressure 
to return to its earlier risk-averse days, particularly if its 
leadership or the political backdrop is less pro-industry in 
the future.
• Revenue concentration. In some cases, drugs can be 
so successful that they create concentration risks in the 
portfolios of even relatively large pharma companies. 
As these outsized drugs mature and approach patent 
expiry, investors become concerned about the company's 
revenue outlook (so-called "patent cliffs"). Perhaps 
surprisingly, smaller single-asset companies are less 
affected because they often sell out to a larger pharma 
company ahead of commercialization. We believe the 
most effective protection from revenue concentration is 
a diversified portfolio.
• Market risks: Biotechnology is a highly volatile 
sector, and the oncology theme has a significant 
exposure to small-cap and growth stocks. While the 
industry fundamentals are not affected by economic 
developments, sector sentiment is subject to risk 
appetite of public market investors. Some companies 
will need additional equity funding, requiring capital-
raising windows to be available. The theme may therefore 
underperform in periods of risk aversion. Pharma and 
biotech companies also typically underperform when 
interest rates rise. However, over the long-term horizon 
of our theme, we expect fundamentals to dominate.
Reference list methodology
We used the FactSet business classification system (RBICS) 
to screen for stocks presented in this list. This uses a 
bottom-up approach to classify companies according to the 
products and services they provide. Out of more than 1,900 
subsectors in the FactSet RBICS classification, three are in 
the scope of our investment theme. We filtered the three 
subsectors for stocks that have at least 25% sales exposure 
(calculated as the sum of individual sales exposures across 
all three subsectors, equal to or exceeding 25%). We have 
excluded companies with a market capitalization of less than 
USD 2bn. Please note that this list is only for reference 
and is not a recommendation list. Three FactSet sub-sectors: 
Breast cancer biopharmaceuticals, Hematological oncology 
biopharmaceuticals, Other oncology biopharmaceuticals.
Oncology background
Cancer is a leading cause of death and generates among 
the highest costs to health care systems around the globe. 
According to the GLOBOCAN estimates of the International 
Agency for Research on Cancer, in 2024 there were around 
21mn new cases of cancer globally, and nearly 10mn cancer 
deaths. According to the American Cancer Society, the 
global economic burden of cancer from 2020 to 2050 was 
projected as USD 25.2trillion, with the cost and occurrence 
expected to rise steadily given the ever-aging population 
worldwide.
In its simplest terms, cancer is uncontrolled cell growth. 
Some cancers, like leukemias and lymphomas, affect the 
blood stream and blood-forming organs, while other 
cancers invade normal tissues and can spread throughout 
the body.
Fig. 4: Cancer in the US – incidence, prevalence, 
and five-year survival rates
A) Incidence: new cancer cases in 2024
B) Prevalence: patients living with cancer (millions)
C) Five-year survival rates
Source: National Cancer Institute, SEER database, UBS, as of 
September 2026
Note: incidence - number of new cases estimated in 2026; prevalence - 
cumulative number of patients (in millions) alive with disease based on 
2023 data; survival rates based on 2016-2022.
The most common types of cancer in men are lung, prostate, 
and colorectal cancer, and in women breast, colorectal, and 
Page 5 of 12


[Page 6]
Longer Term Investments
lung (Fig. 4), although less severe forms of skin cancer would 
dominate if also taken into account. These cancers, along 
with blood-borne cancers like leukemia and lymphoma, are 
among the largest therapeutic markets for pharmaceutical 
and biotechnology companies today.
There are over 100 known forms of cancer, each with its own 
biological and life-altering characteristics. Treatment often 
requires multiple rounds of various combination therapies
—surgery, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, targeted drug 
therapy, etc.—to slow disease progression. For many 
patients, this has meant increasing life expectancy by 
a matter of months historically, although some more 
recent interventions such as immuno-oncology have shown 
substantially longer effects in the patient groups that 
respond to them, and treatments such as cell therapies have 
been developed with curative intent.
Given the complexity of the disease, it is unlikely that we 
will ever find a "magic bullet" that cures cancer. However, 
scientific progress in both diagnosis and treatment has led 
to a better outlook for cancer patients over the past few 
decades. According to the American Cancer Society, the 
five-year survival rate for all cancers diagnosed between 
2016 and 2022 was 70.5%, up from 49% in 1975 to 
1977. While there are some notable success stories for some 
cancers, such as prostate and breast cancer, the overall 
survival rate is essentially unchanged over the last decade 
and rates for some hard-to-treat cancers remain low. The 
five-year relative survival rate for lung cancer was 29.5% for 
patients diagnosed between 2016 and 2022 compared to 
12% for patients diagnosed between 1975 and 1977, while 
the five-year survival rate for pancreatic cancer was 14% 
compared with 3% over the same periods. Clearly, the need 
for new and better treatments for such cancer types is as 
great as ever.
Oncology and the SDGs
Investing in developing accessible cures for cancer sits at 
the intersection of long-term financial opportunity and 
the potential to generate positive social outcomes. Its 
most direct connection is with SDG 3: Good Health and 
Well-being, particularly Target 3.4, which seeks to reduce 
premature mortality from non-communicable diseases, 
including cancer.
Cancer remains one of the leading causes of death 
worldwide, and the number of new cases continues to rise 
despite significant advances in prevention, diagnosis, and 
treatment. This challenge is expected to be particularly acute 
in emerging markets, where average incomes, health care 
infrastructure, and social support systems often lag those in 
developed economies. The economic burden of cancer also 
extends well beyond the direct cost of treatment, affecting 
patients, families, employers, and wider economies.
Global challenges include underinvestment in prevention 
and early detection programs; unequal access to diagnostic 
tests, radiotherapy, medicines, and surgery; an imbalanced 
research and development agenda; shortages of skilled 
health care workers; and inadequate financing for cancer 
control in low- and middle-income countries (LMICs). In 
LMICs, limited investment in prevention and early detection 
continues to contribute to high rates of premature cancer 
mortality. In high-income countries (HICs), meanwhile, 
cancer expenditure can be undermined by systemic 
inefficiencies and the allocation of resources to high-cost 
interventions that deliver only marginal clinical benefits.
The WHO Global Status Report on Cancer 2026 highlights 
persistent and widening inequalities in access to prevention, 
diagnosis, treatment, and supportive care. Its analysis 
indicates that five-year survival for women with breast 
cancer is around 87% in high-income countries, compared 
with around 42% in low-income countries. Access to 
essential medicines remains similarly uneven. The availability 
of the 20 priority cancer medicines ranges from just 9% 
to 54% in LMICs, compared with 68% to 94% in HICs. 
At the same time, global investment in cancer research, 
technological innovation, and advanced treatments remains 
disproportionately concentrated in HICs.
These inequalities are not limited to differences between 
countries. Within HICs, education, gender, socioeconomic 
status, and ethnicity can all influence cancer outcomes. The 
growing financial burden of cancer care may also expose 
households to excessive out-of-pocket expenses and, in 
some cases, poverty—undermining broader public health 
gains.
The investment opportunity therefore extends beyond 
developing new treatments. Demand is equally strong for 
accessible, affordable, and effective prevention, as well as 
for diagnosis and care. This creates a further connection 
with SDG 10: Reduced Inequalities, although the strength of 
that alignment depends on how companies address access 
in practice.
Investors seeking sustainability alignment should assess 
companies’ business ethics, pricing policies, clinical-
trial practices, geographic reach, and contribution to 
health care access. They should also consider whether 
innovation delivers meaningful clinical benefits, rather than 
simply introducing increasingly expensive treatments. Better 
sustainability information and emerging datasets on SDG-
aligned revenues may support more robust analysis.
Private markets may offer an additional avenue for 
investors able to tolerate higher risk and illiquidity. 
Private capital can help address funding gaps in the 
translational phase of drug development—the stage 
between basic research and human clinical trials—which 
may be underfunded in public markets because of short-
term earnings pressure. Supporting this stage could provide 
Page 6 of 12


[Page 7]
Longer Term Investments
more direct impact potential by financing research that may 
lead to transformative cancer treatments.
Overall, SDG 3.4 is the core nexus between oncology 
investing and sustainable development. However, the 
quality of that alignment depends on whether innovation 
is accompanied by affordability, accessibility, responsible 
business practices, and a more equitable distribution of 
cancer-related resources.
Catherina Campedelli, Sustainable Investing Strategist
Oncology venture capital: Selective 
recovery in a high-conviction 
market
Oncology remains one of the most resilient segments 
of health care for venture capital investors. While the 
sector demonstrated relative durability throughout the 
post-pandemic downturn, the period from 2022 to 
2024 was nonetheless challenging. Higher interest rates, 
tighter liquidity conditions, and broader macroeconomic 
uncertainty led to a contraction in fundraising, deal activity, 
valuations, and exit opportunities across venture markets. 
As capital became scarcer, investor preferences shifted 
decisively toward quality.
Today, funding is increasingly concentrated in companies 
that can demonstrate differentiated clinical data, validated 
biological targets, scalable technology platforms, and a 
credible path toward strategic partnerships, acquisitions, 
or public-market listings. The result is a more bifurcated 
market: High-quality assets continue to command strong 
investor interest and attractive valuations, while early-stage 
or undifferentiated companies face significantly greater 
financing pressure and longer fundraising cycles.
At the subsector level, antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs) 
remain one of the most active investment themes. The 
commercial success of products such as Enhertu and 
Padcev has reinforced confidence in the modality's ability 
to improve efficacy while maintaining manageable safety 
profiles. However, the opportunity set has broadened 
considerably beyond ADCs. Radiopharmaceuticals have 
emerged as one of the fastest-growing areas of investor 
interest, supported by a series of high-profile strategic 
transactions, including Bristol Myers Squibb's acquisition of 
RayzeBio and Eli Lilly's acquisition of Point Biopharma. These 
deals highlight growing industry conviction that targeted 
radiation therapies could become an increasingly important 
pillar of cancer treatment.
Bispecific antibodies represent another rapidly expanding 
category. In particular, PD-1/VEGF combinations and 
other dual-pathway approaches have gained traction as 
pharmaceutical companies seek to build upon the success 
of checkpoint inhibitors and establish the next generation 
of immuno-oncology backbones.
At the same time, a newer investment theme is the 
convergence of oncology with artificial intelligence, data 
science, and diagnostics. Precision oncology platforms, AI-
enabled drug discovery, patient stratification technologies, 
and clinical trial optimization tools are attracting growing 
amounts of health care but also tech venture capital as 
investors search for assets capable of reducing development 
timelines and improving clinical success rates.
An important structural shift is the increasing globalization 
of oncology innovation. China-originated assets have 
become particularly prominent, especially in ADCs and 
PD-1/VEGF or other bispecific antibody programs. Western 
pharmaceutical companies are increasingly willing to 
partner with or acquire Chinese-developed assets that 
have reached advanced clinical stages at comparatively 
lower development costs. For venture investors, this 
creates opportunities to access innovative therapies 
with global commercialization potential at attractive 
economics. 
However, 
it 
also 
introduces 
additional 
risks, 
including 
geopolitical 
tensions, 
data-transfer 
restrictions, manufacturing concentration, intellectual-
property considerations, and intense competition from fast-
following programs. Consequently, ownership structures, 
licensing terms, territorial rights, royalty obligations, and the 
ability to execute a global exit strategy are receiving greater 
scrutiny than at any point in the past decade.
The exit environment has improved, although it remains far 
from fully normalized. M&A continues to be the dominant 
liquidity pathway as large pharmaceutical companies seek 
external innovation to offset looming patent expirations. 
Industry estimates suggest that major pharmaceutical 
companies could face revenue at risk exceeding USD 180 
billion by the end of the decade as key products lose 
exclusivity, creating a powerful incentive for continued 
acquisition activity. At the same time, the IPO window has 
reopened—but only for marquee clinical-stage companies 
supported by compelling human efficacy data. The strong 
reception of Aktis Oncology's approximately USD 318 
million public offering illustrates that public investors 
remain willing to fund well-capitalized, de-risked oncology 
companies with differentiated technology and clear clinical 
pathways.
Looking ahead, demand for innovative cancer therapies is 
likely to remain robust, supporting oncology's position as 
a priority area for both venture and strategic investors. 
Nevertheless, manager selection, sourcing capabilities, and 
portfolio construction are becoming increasingly important 
drivers of returns. The recovery is unlikely to be uniform, and 
broad exposure to the sector alone may not be sufficient. 
Investors should favor managers capable of identifying 
differentiated science early, supporting portfolio companies 
through multiple financing rounds, and actively shaping 
Page 7 of 12


[Page 8]
Longer Term Investments
strategic partnering and exit outcomes rather than simply 
participating in highly competitive late-stage financings.
As with venture capital more broadly, oncology investing 
takes place in an opaque and illiquid market where 
access, governance rights, dilution protections, information 
rights, and exit structures can vary significantly across 
investors and financing rounds. Securing access to high-
quality managers is therefore critical. Investors should seek 
diversification across vintage years, geographies, managers, 
and therapeutic modalities, while sizing oncology venture 
exposure within a broader private markets allocation that 
also includes private equity and private credit strategies and 
reflects the investor's overall risk tolerance, liquidity profile, 
and long-term investment objectives.
Fig 5: VC interest in oncology startups is 
recovering
Total capital invested in oncology VC p.a.
Source: Pitchbook, UBS August 2026
Karim Cherif, Head of CIO Alternatives
Page 8 of 12


[Page 9]
Longer Term Investments
Table 1: Oncology companies reference list - part 1
This is not a list of recommendations.
Source: FactSet, UBS. Market data as of 25 August 2026. For more details about the screening process please see our reference list methodology.
Page 9 of 12


[Page 10]
Longer Term Investments
Table 1: Oncology companies reference list - part 2
This is not a list of recommendations.
Source: FactSet, UBS. Market data as of 25 August 2026. For more details about the screening process please see our reference list methodology.
Page 10 of 12


[Page 11]
Longer Term Investments
Global asset class preferences definitions
The asset class preferences provide high-level guidance to make investment decisions. The preferences reflect the collective 
judgement of the members of the House View meeting, primarily based on assessments of expected total returns on liquid 
and commonly known indices, House View scenarios, and analyst convictions over the next 12 months. Note that the tactical 
asset allocation (TAA) positioning of our different investment strategies may differ from these views due to factors including 
portfolio construction, concentration, and borrowing constraints.
Attractive: We consider this asset class to be attractive. Consider opportunities in this asset class.
Neutral: We do not expect outsized returns or losses. Hold longer-term exposure.
Unattractive: We consider this asset class to be unattractive. Consider alternative opportunities
Note: For equities, we have a five-tier rating system with two additional preferences
Most Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the most attractive. Investors should seek opportunities to add 
exposure.
Least Attractive: We consider this asset class to be among the least attractive. Seek more favorable alternatives 
opportunities.
When equities are included with the other asset classes in the three-tier rating system, we collapse “Most Attractive” with 
“Attractive” and “Least Attractive” with “Unattractive.”
Appendix
Risk information
UBS Chief Investment Office's ("CIO") investment views are prepared and published by the Global Wealth Management 
business of UBS Switzerland AG (regulated by FINMA in Switzerland) or its affiliates ("UBS"), part of UBS Group AG ("UBS 
Group"). UBS Group includes former Credit Suisse AG, its subsidiaries, branches and affiliates. The investment views have 
been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote the independence of investment research.
Generic investment research – Risk information:
This publication is for your information only and is not intended as an offer, or a solicitation of an offer, to buy or sell 
any investment or other specific product. The analysis contained herein does not constitute a personal recommendation or 
take into account the particular investment objectives, investment strategies, financial situation and needs of any specific 
recipient. It is based on numerous assumptions. Different assumptions could result in materially different results. Certain 
services and products are subject to legal restrictions and cannot be offered worldwide on an unrestricted basis and/or may 
not be eligible for sale to all investors. All information and opinions expressed in this document were obtained from sources 
believed to be reliable and in good faith, but no representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to its accuracy 
or completeness (other than disclosures relating to UBS). All information and opinions as well as any forecasts, estimates 
and market prices indicated are current as of the date of this report, and are subject to change without notice. Opinions 
expressed herein may differ or be contrary to those expressed by other business areas or divisions of UBS as a result of 
using different assumptions and/or criteria. UBS may utilise artificial intelligence tools (“AI Tools”) in the preparation of this 
document. Notwithstanding any such use of AI Tools, this document has undergone human review.
In no circumstances may this document or any of the information (including any forecast, value, index or other calculated 
amount ("Values")) be used for any of the following purposes (i) valuation or accounting purposes; (ii) to determine the 
amounts due or payable, the price or the value of any financial instrument or financial contract; or (iii) to measure the 
performance of any financial instrument including, without limitation, for the purpose of tracking the return or performance 
of any Value or of defining the asset allocation of portfolio or of computing performance fees. By receiving this document 
and the information you will be deemed to represent and warrant to UBS that you will not use this document or otherwise 
rely on any of the information for any of the above purposes. UBS and any of its directors or employees may be entitled at 
any time to hold long or short positions in investment instruments referred to herein, carry out transactions involving relevant 
investment instruments in the capacity of principal or agent, or provide any other services or have officers, who serve as 
directors, either to/for the issuer, the investment instrument itself or to/for any company commercially or financially affiliated 
to such issuers. At any time, investment decisions (including whether to buy, sell or hold securities) made by UBS and its 
employees may differ from or be contrary to the opinions expressed in UBS research publications. Some investments may not 
be readily realizable since the market in the securities is illiquid and therefore valuing the investment and identifying the risk 
to which you are exposed may be difficult to quantify. UBS relies on information barriers to control the flow of information 
contained in one or more areas within UBS, into other areas, units, divisions or affiliates of UBS. Futures and options trading 
is not suitable for every investor as there is a substantial risk of loss, and losses in excess of an initial investment may occur. 
Past performance of an investment is no guarantee for its future performance. Additional information will be made available 
upon request. Some investments may be subject to sudden and large falls in value and on realization you may receive back 
less than you invested or may be required to pay more. Changes in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on 
the price, value or income of an investment. The analyst(s) responsible for the preparation of this report may interact with 
trading desk personnel, sales personnel and other constituencies for the purpose of gathering, synthesizing and interpreting 
Page 11 of 12


[Page 12]
Longer Term Investments
market information.
Different areas, groups, and personnel within UBS Group may produce and distribute separate research products
independently of each other. For example, research publications from CIO are produced by UBS Global Wealth 
Management. UBS Global Research is produced by UBS Investment Bank. Research methodologies and rating systems 
of each separate research organization may differ, for example, in terms of investment recommendations, investment 
horizon, model assumptions, and valuation methods. As a consequence, except for certain economic forecasts (for which 
UBS CIO and UBS Global Research may collaborate), investment recommendations, ratings, price targets, and valuations 
provided by each of the separate research organizations may be different, or inconsistent. You should refer to each relevant 
research product for the details as to their methodologies and rating system. Not all clients may have access to all products 
from every organization. Each research product is subject to the policies and procedures of the organization that produces 
it. The compensation of the analyst(s) who prepared this report is determined exclusively by research management and 
senior management (not including investment banking). Analyst compensation is not based on investment banking, sales 
and trading or principal trading revenues, however, compensation may relate to the revenues of UBS Group as a whole, of 
which investment banking, sales and trading and principal trading are a part.
Tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. UBS does not provide 
legal or tax advice and makes no representations as to the tax treatment of assets or the investment returns thereon both in 
general or with reference to specific client's circumstances and needs. We are of necessity unable to take into account the 
particular investment objectives, financial situation and needs of our individual clients and we would recommend that you 
take financial and/or tax advice as to the implications (including tax) of investing in any of the products mentioned herein.
This material may not be reproduced or copies circulated without prior authority of UBS. Unless otherwise agreed in writing 
UBS expressly prohibits the distribution and transfer of this material to third parties for any reason. UBS accepts no liability 
whatsoever for any claims or lawsuits from any third parties arising from the use or distribution of this material. This report 
is for distribution only under such circumstances as may be permitted by applicable law. For information on the ways in 
which CIO manages conflicts and maintains independence of its investment views and publication offering, and research 
and rating methodologies, please visit www.ubs.com/research-methodology. Additional information on the relevant authors 
of this publication and other CIO publication(s) referenced in this report; and copies of any past reports on this topic; are 
available upon request from your client advisor.
Important Information About Sustainable Investing Strategies: This terminology refers to definitions in the UBS 
Sustainable Investing Framework and does not refer or relate to any product specific regulatory labelling regime or naming 
conventions. Sustainable investing strategies aim to consider and incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
factors into investment process and portfolio construction. Strategies across geographies approach ESG analysis and 
incorporate the findings in a variety of ways. Incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations may inhibit 
UBS’s ability to participate in or to advise on certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with the 
Client’s investment objectives. The returns on a portfolio incorporating ESG factors or sustainable investing considerations 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered by 
UBS, and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ.
External Asset Managers / External Financial Consultants: In case this research or publication is provided to an External 
Asset Manager or an External Financial Consultant, UBS expressly prohibits that it is redistributed by the External Asset 
Manager or the External Financial Consultant and is made available to their clients and/or third parties.
USA: Distributed to US persons only by UBS Financial Services Inc. or UBS Securities LLC, subsidiaries of UBS AG. UBS 
Switzerland AG, UBS Europe SE, UBS Bank, S.A., UBS Brasil Administradora de Valores Mobiliarios Ltda, UBS (Brasil) 
Corretora de Valores S.A., UBS Asesores Mexico, S.A. de C.V., UBS SuMi TRUST Wealth Management Co., Ltd., UBS Wealth 
Management Israel Ltd and UBS Menkul Degerler AS are affiliates of UBS AG. UBS Financial Services Inc. accepts 
responsibility for the content of a report prepared by a non-US affiliate when it distributes reports to US persons. 
All transactions by a US person in the securities mentioned in this report should be effected through a US-
registered broker dealer affiliated with UBS, and not through a non-US affiliate. The contents of this report have 
not been and will not be approved by any securities or investment authority in the United States or elsewhere. 
UBS Financial Services Inc. is not acting as a municipal advisor to any municipal entity or obligated person within 
the meaning of Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act (the "Municipal Advisor Rule") and the opinions or 
views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of the Municipal 
Advisor Rule.
For country information, please visit ubs.com/cio-country-disclaimer-gr or ask your client advisor for the full disclaimer.
Except as otherwise specified herein and/or depending on the local entity from which you are receiving this report, this report 
is distributed by UBS Switzerland AG, authorised and regulated by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA).
Version C/2026. CIO82652744
© UBS 2026. The key symbol and UBS are among the registered and unregistered trademarks of UBS. All rights reserved.
Page 12 of 12
