[Page 1]
US officials defend Venezuela oil deal, say agreement part of path to democracy 
U.S. officials on Tuesday defended Washington's deal to take a large stake in a venture to operate oilfields in Venezuela 
and the businessman who will run it, casting the pact as part of a process to align the country's energy industry with U.S. 
interests while helping rebuild a nation hollowed out by decades of corruption. The U.S. announced a sweeping 
agreement to take over around a fifth of Venezuela's oil reserves last week. Skeptics have questioned aspects of the 
deal, particularly 14 contracts granted to U.S.-backed North American Blue Energy Partners (NABEP), controlled by 
Venezuelan businessman Alejandro Betancourt, without a competitive process. The structure of the deal and central 
role of Betancourt, who has been investigated by U.S. and European authorities though never charged over past 
dealings in Venezuela, have also prompted hesitation from some oil companies weighing investments in the country, 
Reuters reported on Monday. Speaking to reporters, one of the officials said the deal, which includes a 100-year lease 
on 17 large oilfields, is "a geopolitical opportunity to secure fields that primarily had largely been under the influence of 
Chinese and Russian companies." Pressed on Betancourt, the official said the businessman had been vetted and that 
"there are no charges he's facing in the United States for violation of any of our laws." "I'm not nominating anyone for 
sainthood here," the official said. "Geopolitics is often not a choice between the ideal and the imperfect. It is often, you're 
trying to navigate what's the best outcome, and you have to work with the factors that you have in place." According to 
the officials, private companies like NABEP are not required to pass through a competitive process to partner, even with 
a U.S. government entity. "The fact that they chose to partner with the U.S. government, instead of Exxon, Chevron, 
Conoco, the Chinese or the Russians, I think is a positive," one of them said. Experts have expressed doubts over the 
deal's legality, especially since the U.S., not Venezuela, is set to select the model and companies to operate the fields. 
U.S. oil company sources told Reuters that the deal raises concerns that they would face competition from the U.S. 
government. The White House has struggled to deal with voter anger over rising fuel costs after the U.S. and Israel 
launched attacks on Iran in late February, igniting a protracted conflict that has closed the Strait of Hormuz, formerly 
used to transit one-fifth of the world's oil and gas supply. The average price of gasoline in the U.S. currently exceeds $4 
a gallon headed into Labor Day and the coming midterm elections in November.  
 
RETURN TO DEMOCRACY 
The officials tied the deal to what they called a desire to bring about a "stable, democratic Venezuela." They said the 
broader effort needed to culminate with elections in the South American country, which are not feasible in the short term. 
"The last thing we want to see is a new democratically elected government inherit a country in crisis," one of the officials 
said, adding that the next phase of political talks between government and opposition leaders regarding a democratic 
transition in Venezuela will resume in mid-September. "One of the most important things to do is to have a country that 
can turn not into a one-time election or a two-time election, but a stable democracy, a stable republic, that can conduct 
elections on a repeated basis," the official continued. "You need a free and open press." One of the officials said that 
U.S. Energy Secretary Chris Wright is traveling today to Venezuela, where Chevron will sign a separate agreement to 
expand its operations in the country. 
 
GRAPHIC-Blockade succeeds where sanctions failed as Iran oil exports stall 
For the first time on record, Iran has gone about seven weeks without shipping meaningful crude exports through the 
Strait of Hormuz, as a U.S. naval blockade succeeds where years of sanctions failed by cutting off one of Tehran's main 
sources of foreign-currency earnings. Unlike previous sanctions campaigns, when Iranian crude continued reaching 
buyers despite restrictions, the current blockade has stopped fresh crude cargoes reaching China, Tehran's only major 
remaining oil customer, increasing pressure on government finances and foreign-currency reserves. Since the U.S. 
reinstated its blockade on Iran on July 14 as part of their six-month conflict, no Iranian crude cargoes have successfully 
transited the Strait of Hormuz to China, according to Kpler, Vortexa and TankerTrackers.com. As a result, Iran can only 
sell crude to China from floating storage in Asia, which it cannot replenish as crude accumulates aboard tankers inside 
the strait. "Even at the height of maximum-pressure sanctions in 2019-20, some Iranian crude cleared Hormuz every 
single month; at no point did outbound flows fall to near-zero for a sustained stretch as they have since mid-July," 
Vortexa analyst Claire Jungman said. Iran loaded about 220,000 to 255,000 barrels per day of crude oil and condensate 
in August, according to Vortexa and Kpler estimates, down from roughly 740,000 bpd in July and about 2 million bpd in 
March. The collapse in exports is draining one of Iran's main sources of foreign-currency income and could force Tehran 
to finance spending by printing money, risking even higher inflation, Kpler analyst Homayoun Falakshahi said. The 
Oil | Agriculture | Metals | Carbon & Power | Dry Freight  
Click on headers to go to that section   
Top News - Oil 


[Page 2]
International Monetary Fund estimates Iran's inflation rate at nearly 70% this year, the world's third-highest after 
Venezuela and Sudan. Last week, Washington sought to increase the pressure by threatening countries that continue 
trading with Tehran, while stopping short of immediately imposing penalties. 
 
THE BLOCKADE AND BEYOND 
Iran currently has 29 tankers inside the strait carrying 36.11 million barrels of crude, TankerTrackers.com co-founder 
Samir Madani said. The U.S. blockade does not extend along Iran's entire coastline. It sits farther south, between the 
Gulf of Oman and the Arabian Sea, where U.S. Navy vessels vet ships departing from and approaching Iranian ports. 
Beyond the blockade zone, dozens of Iran-linked shadow-fleet tankers remain active, with 51 vessels operating in the 
Gulf of Oman and another 81 making deliveries in Asia or waiting off Malaysia, according to David Tannenbaum of 
Blackstone Compliance Services. Reuters could not independently verify those figures.  
 
IRANIAN CRUDE STILL FOR SALE, BUT FOR HOW LONG? 
Iranian crude remains openly available, with cargoes for September and October delivery to China being offered, traders 
said. They said available volumes are lower than for July and August because floating storage outside the Gulf is 
shrinking as no fresh supply arrives. Iranian crude in floating storage west of the blockade line rose to 41.7 million 
barrels by August 26 from 35.5 million at the end of July, while total Iranian crude afloat fell to 107 million barrels from 
135 million, according to Vortexa data. "China can grab whatever's floating around in their neck of the woods, but that's 
about it for now, really," TankerTrackers co-founder Samir Madani said. Once sold, empty tankers cannot return to 
Iranian ports because of the blockade, leaving vessels idle offshore. Vortexa's Jungman said 27 sanctioned tankers 
linked to Iran's oil trade are currently waiting off Sri Lanka in ballast, unable to return to Iran. 
USDA to test satellites, AI to try to improve crop estimates amid farmer criticism 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture is launching a pilot project that relies more heavily on technology as part of an effort 
to improve its closely watched U.S. crop acreage and yield estimates, Secretary Brooke Rollins said on Tuesday, in the 
face of mounting criticism over the reliability of government data. Rollins discussed USDA's data modernization plan at 
the Farm Progress Show in Boone, Iowa, following a month-long series of listening sessions with farmers and 
agricultural groups that have exposed frustrations with the Trump administration as the farm economy struggles. "We 
will conduct a pilot to evaluate the use of improved satellite imagery, working with NASA and other federal government 
agencies across the country to figure out how we can make this reporting more accurate," Rollins said during the show. 
Farmers have criticized the deep staff cuts at the USDA, saying it has affected data collection and accuracy. They have 
raised questions in particular about the National Agricultural Statistics Service, whose closely watched reports can move 
commodity markets, affect the prices crop farmers get for their harvests and influence federal farm programs. After the 
USDA released its January final estimates, already low grain prices sank more than 5%, at a time when growers were 
struggling to make money. The project will use geospatial tools and crop models alongside farmer polls to estimate crop 
acreage and yields. The department also said it would explore the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning. The 
goal is to make it easier for farmers to share information with USDA, such as putting polls online or pre-populating data 
fields with information the USDA already has, which could help improve response rates, said Scott Hutchins, USDA's 
under secretary for research, education, and economics. USDA has tried to modernize data collection in the past, and 
some of those efforts have taken years to roll out. While Hutchins did not provide a detailed timeline for the project, he 
vowed more rapid results. "We're gonna have results by the end of the term, for sure," he said.  
 
DATA RELIABILITY QUESTIONED 
Farmers gathering at the Farm Progress Show said many of the USDA's traditional data gathering processes were long 
overdue for an update. "Some of these methods have not changed since the 1970s," said Jeff Mundorf, an Iowa farmer 
visiting the show. "These are big projects for one administration and there's only so much they can do, but I'm 
optimistic." The announcement follows complaints about the reliability of department data from farmers, grain traders 
and economists after deep staff cuts and unprecedented increases between initial and final estimates of how many 
acres of corn U.S. farmers planted in 2025. Rollins' trip to Iowa this week comes after the non-partisan election analysis 
group Cook Political Report shifted Iowa's U.S. Senate race from "lean Republican" to "toss up" in the agriculture-
dominated Republican stronghold, where farmers have struggled with tariffs, and rising diesel and fertilizer costs in the 
wake of the Iran war. Democrats need to win all their current seats and pick up four more to take control of the U.S. 
Senate. USDA launched its listening sessions in Minnesota on August 4. Rollins plans to host more sessions through 
this fall, USDA spokesman Harry Fones told Reuters on Tuesday. In those sessions, farmers have criticized the 
reliability of USDA statistics, staffing cuts and other Trump administration policies that have affected the farm economy. 
Top News - Agriculture 


[Page 3]
Rollins herself has acknowledged the loss of confidence, saying USDA needs to rebuild farmers' trust in its data. They 
also have at times become forums for farmers to vent broader grievances. When Rollins visited the Iowa State Fair last 
month, she faced criticism from cattle producers over Trump's announcement that the United States would increase 
imports of beef -- a move intended to lower consumer prices but which producers feared would hurt cattle prices. 
 
ISO forecasts small global sugar deficit in 2026/27 
The International Sugar Organization expects a small global sugar deficit of 200,000 metric tons in the 2026/27 season, 
it said on Tuesday in its first detailed estimate. The intergovernmental body, in a quarterly update, said production 
outside Brazil was expected to fall by around 4.4 million tons with decreases in the European Union, Thailand and 
Central America. "This is offset by the expectation of a higher sugar mix in Brazil in its 2027 campaign, following the 
recent rally in sugar futures prices, which has made sugar much more attractive than ethanol," the report said. The ISO 
said consumption growth of 0.5% was projected. The 2025/26 crop year is now expected to register a production surplus 
of 1.1 million tons, lower than the May estimate of 2.2 million tons, it also said. 
 
India revives talks with Zambia to invest in critical minerals, sources say 
India has resumed talks with Zambia to explore investment opportunities in copper and other critical minerals, two 
sources said, as New Delhi looks increasingly overseas for raw materials to meet rising demand from its rapidly growing 
economy. Officials from India's Ministry of Mines held preliminary discussions with Zambian officials on August 26, the 
two people familiar with the talks said, requesting anonymity because the discussions were confidential. One of the 
sources said the two sides did not discuss a stalled project that had halted talks earlier. Reuters reported in April that 
talks between India and Zambia had stalled over a lack of assurances from Lusaka on mining rights for an area of 9,000 
square kilometres (3,475 square miles) awarded to India last year. India's Ministry of Mines did not respond to a Reuters 
request for comment. A spokesperson for Zambia's Ministry of Mines said they could not confirm anything for now. 
Khanij Bidesh India Ltd, India's main vehicle for securing critical mineral supplies overseas, is also evaluating 
investment opportunities in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Russia and Indonesia, and is in talks about a project in Malawi. 
India has been in talks with several African countries to acquire critical mineral blocks on a government-to-government 
basis, while also exploring opportunities in Australia and Latin America. Africa, and the Democratic Republic of Congo 
and Zambia in particular, can play an important role in meeting India's growing requirements for copper and cobalt, said 
a spokesperson for the Federation of Indian Mineral Industries. "We believe Indian companies should primarily be 
encouraged to pursue brownfield and near-production projects, along with long-term offtake arrangements," the 
spokesperson said. India is the world's second-biggest buyer of refined copper and its copper imports have risen sharply 
since the 2018 closure of Vedanta's Sterlite Copper smelter. It may have to import 91% to 97% of its copper 
concentrates by 2047, the government has said. 
 
BHP's chief commercial officer to step down in January, internal memo shows 
BHP's Chief Commercial Officer Rag Udd will step down at the end of January to pursue an opportunity outside the 
company, according to a staff memo seen by Reuters on Tuesday, leaving open one of the miner's most difficult roles — 
negotiating iron ore deals with China. He had been seen by some analysts and investors as a contender for the top job 
at BHP. That position went to Brandon Craig who started in July. Udd did not immediately respond to a Reuters request 
for comment. Udd, who is based in Singapore, will have worked at BHP for three decades by the time of his departure, 
according to the memo. He was in charge of BHP's negotiations with China Mineral Resources Group (CMRG) at a time 
when the state buyer ramped up pressure on BHP and other iron ore miners to win better terms for its steel makers. 
That pressure resulted in a number of bans on steel mills from buying its products late last year until a deal was struck in 
April. Iron ore makers expect those negotiations to get harder, and selecting the best leader to manage that key 
relationship will be a top priority for Craig. Previously, Udd led BHP's Americas division from 2020 to 2024, overseeing 
the development of the Jansen potash project in Canada that is set to start production mid next year. He also oversaw 
major investments across BHP's Chilean copper operations including the Spence expansion and Escondida, the world's 
largest copper mine. 
US LNG exports rise in August as Europe snaps up cargoes ahead of winter 
U.S. liquefied natural gas exports rose slightly in August as major export plants in Texas finished maintenance and 
European buyers increased purchases to replenish gas inventories ahead of winter, according to preliminary data from 
Top News - Metals 
Top News - Carbon & Power 


[Page 4]
financial firm LSEG. The United States exported 10.7 million metric tons of LNG in August, up from 10.48 MT in July, 
LSEG ship-tracking data showed. The increase came as Freeport LNG, the country's fourth-largest LNG export plant, 
exited maintenance at its Texas facility and Cheniere Energy completed planned work at its Corpus Christi facility, which 
is the third largest in the United States. Europe remained the top destination for U.S. cargoes, importing 5.84 MT, or 
55% of total exports in August. That was more than 1 metric ton higher than in July, as buyers sought supplies to refill 
storage before the winter heating season. Stronger European demand narrowed the premium for Asian LNG compared 
to European gas benchmarks. The Japan-Korea Marker, the benchmark for Asian LNG, averaged $22.00 per million 
British thermal units (mmBtu) in August, up from $19.10 in July, while the Dutch Title Transfer Facility benchmark 
averaged $21.17 per mmBtu in August, up from $18.07 in July. Asia remained the second-largest market for U.S. LNG 
exports, taking 2.59 MT in August, down from 3.32 MT in July, as European buyers competed more aggressively for 
available cargoes. Executives at Cheniere and Venture Global, the two largest U.S. LNG exporters, said during second-
quarter earnings calls that they expect strong LNG demand and prices through the end of the year, as Europe continues 
to rebuild inventories and colder weather boosts consumption. Rebuilding Europe's inventories has been complicated by 
the continued conflict between the U.S. and Iran that has limited shipments of the superchilled gas through the Strait of 
Hormuz. Exports to Latin America rose to 0.9 MT in August as winter boosted demand in parts of South America. The 
shipments included two cargoes to El Salvador, a country the U.S. rarely supplies LNG to, and one cargo from Venture 
Global's Plaquemines LNG plant in Louisiana to Trinidad and Tobago. The Trinidad-bound cargo was unusual because 
Trinidad and Tobago is Latin America's largest LNG exporter and is not typically an importer. The country exported 0.83 
MT of LNG in August, with six of its 12 cargoes heading to Europe as producers there also sought to capitalize on strong 
European demand. Egypt remained a significant buyer of U.S. LNG during the month, importing 0.61 MT, or 6% of total 
U.S. LNG exports in August, similar to the amount it imported in July, according to LSEG data. About 0.76 MT, or 7% of 
U.S. LNG exports, remained on the water without a publicly identified final destination, suggesting traders were still 
seeking the most profitable markets for those cargoes. 
 
Australia's new shale basin Beetaloo sends first gas to market 
Developers of Australia's Beetaloo basin sent the first gas from the project north to Darwin on Tuesday in what they 
hope will demonstrate steady flows that can underpin wider commercialisation of the country's first shale gas venture. 
Tamboran Resources and its partner, a subsidiary of Texas-based Formentera Partners, sent gas to the Northern 
Territory capital from the Shenandoah project more than 600 km (373 miles) away in the desert and an hour's drive from 
the outback town of Daly Waters. Early gas is expected to flow at a modest 40 terajoules (37 million cubic feet) per day, 
fuelling electricity for the grid and giving Beetaloo developers an idea of decline rates, or how quickly gas from a well 
depletes. With that information they hope to model a development plan that could eventually fuel higher liquefied natural 
gas export capacity from the world's No. 2 LNG producer, or power vast data centres, emulating the U.S. shale industry. 
"It means we have the security of supply," Northern Territory Chief Minister Lia Finocchiaro said before turning on the 
gas from a wellhead with Madeleine King, the federal government's resources minister. "It means we can really start to 
focus on making sure our generation poles and wires business is running as efficiently as possible so that costs don't 
have to continue to go up." The project faces plenty of hurdles including the need for billions of dollars in pipeline 
capacity as well as political challenges including Australia's new policies requiring data centres to be primarily powered 
by renewable energy and LNG projects to reserve 20% of their gas for the local market. Tamboran CEO Todd Abbott, a 
veteran of the U.S. shale industry, said the company would focus first on sending gas to Darwin, then it had "some 
technical things that we'll work through, and regulatory things," before further expansion. Smaller firms backed by U.S. 
players have been drilling in the area since a moratorium was lifted eight years ago. Japanese giant Inpex recently took 
a position in Formentera's large acreage nearby, in what analysts see as a boost from a deep-pocketed player that 
could provide access to the capital needed for wide-scale development. "The opportunity now is to build on this 
momentum and attract the investment needed to unlock the full economic and energy security potential of the Beetaloo," 
Samantha McCulloch, CEO of lobby group Australian Energy Producers who also attended the event, said in a 
statement. 
Ukraine exporters should plan for shut ports, farmers' union says 
Ukrainian producers and exporters should not count on deep-water ports resuming operations any time soon and must 
focus on available alternatives instead, the analytical department of the country's largest farmers' union UAC said on 
Tuesday. In recent months, Russia has sharply increased both the number and intensity of its drone strikes on Black 
Sea port infrastructure in the Odesa region, effectively blocking a route that used to handle 90% of Ukraine's exports. 
That forced Ukraine to divert cargoes through Danube river ports and by rail to the western border. However, 
transportation via alternative routes costs up to $50 per ton more than using deep-water ports, while their capacity is 
Top News - Dry Freight  


[Page 5]
substantially lower. According to the agriculture ministry's estimates, Kyiv can export only about half of the required 
volume through Danube ports and by rail. "Forget about deep-water ports operating at least until December or January. 
Build your trading strategy for the current — and possibly the next season, on the assumption that deep-water ports will 
remain 
closed," 
UAC 
said 
in 
a 
weekly 
report. 
"If you are prepared for these difficult challenges, you will be able to get through them. Companies should prepare for 
the worst-case scenarios." Ukraine is among the global major producers and exporters of grains, oilseeds and vegetable 
oil and its agricultural exports, which brought $22 billion last year, are a source of critical revenue for the state budget, 
stretched by the war. Ukrainian food exports have already declined and could fall to about 1.7 million tons in August 
against at least 4 million tons of food a month before the seaports blockade. The agriculture ministry data showed that 
grain exports had fallen to 774,000 metric tons in August, a third of year-ago levels. The expected decline in exports and 
resulting lower farmers' incomes will probably lead to a reduction in plantings, particularly of winter wheat, for the 2027 
harvest, the ministry said. Winter wheat is sown in the autumn and harvested in the following summer. Ukraine 
harvested 24.7 million tons of wheat from 98% o the sowing area as of September 1. 
 
Jordan's Aqaba port sees transit cargo boost amid Hormuz disruption 
Jordan's Aqaba port has seen a surge in transit cargo as the U.S.-Iran conflict has largely shut down commercial traffic 
through the Strait of Hormuz, according to officials at the port and terminal data. Before U.S. and Israeli strikes on Iran 
triggered a regional war in late February, the Strait of Hormuz was a critical route for global oil shipments and other 
trade. Since then, security risks have sharply reduced traffic through the waterway. Traders have sought alternative 
routes, including via Syria, while Aqaba has also seen a boost. "If we talk about container trade, we have grown easily 
by 5%, and the growth is driven by the volumes, increased volumes to greater Levant and Iraq in particular," said 
Angshuman Mustafi, chief commercial officer at the Aqaba Container Terminal (ACT).  
 
TRUCKING GOODS TO IRAQ 
In a statement published in July, the ACT said transit volumes jumped 155.1% in the first half of 2026 from the same 
period last year. Port officials told Reuters that increased trucking to Iraq has been the main driver of the growth. Iraq 
previously imported consumer goods through its southern Gulf port at Basra, but commercial traffic there has fallen 
sharply because of disruptions to shipping through Hormuz. Containers are now unloaded at Aqaba and transported by 
truck to Iraq, around 760 km (470 miles) to the east, port officials said. "Thank God, there is now shipping activity. 
Before (the closure of) the Strait of Hormuz, we hardly had any work. We used to get one or two transport (orders) a 
month. Now, there is work — you get three, four, or five transport (orders)," said truck driver Moussa Abu Abdeh. 
Mashhoor Al Jazy, spokesperson for the Jordan Shipping Association, said he hoped the increase in traffic would last. 
"This could become a permanent route, and not just a temporary one. And this is what we want to see, how we can 
prove to the world that Aqaba's location should strategically remain on this route and has the right to stay on this route 
after the crisis ends," he told Reuters. Iran has repeatedly struck military sites in Jordan, a close ally of Washington, in 
response to U.S. attacks. 
 
(Inside Commodities is compiled by Ahona Sengupta in Bengaluru) 
 
For questions or comments about this report, contact: commodity.briefs@thomsonreuters.com  
 
To subscribe to Inside Commodities newsletter, click here. 
 
© 2026 London Stock Exchange Group plc. All rights reserved. 
 
LSEG 
10 Paternoster Square, London, EC4M 7LS, United Kingdom 
  
Please visit: LSEG for more information  
 
Privacy statement  
