[Page 1]
DB FX Research - macro note 
Here are a few notes for a big macro dinner at Deutsche Bank’s home base in Frankfurt this evening: 
1.       The golden age of growth. While the market narrative is focused on rising yields, the real story this year 
is the incredible resilience of global growth. Data surprises have had their largest uninterrupted positive 
run on record outside of the GFC (chart 1). GDP growth in Europe, the US and Japan all accelerated in Q2 and 
consensus growth expectations are now higher than at the start of the year. There is therefore nothing 
unusual about equities and yields at cycle highs, with volatility at cycle lows. What is driving growth 
resilience? A big, global capex cycle on AI (private capital) and a buildout of strategic autonomy (public 
capital) in defence, energy, and supply chains. So long as this continues, this year’s uninterrupted FX winner 
– carry trades  – should keep on giving. 
2.       The huge rotation. For the first time ever outside of the GFC, equity inflows into the US have overtaken 
fixed income (chart 2). Why do foreigners love US equities but dislike US bonds?  Because the American 
private balance sheet is booming (AI, record profit margins), but the public sector balance sheet keeps 
worsening (6%+ deficits until the eye can see). This tension is keeping the dollar range-bound but belies a 
huge shift in US asset markets: no longer the 'safe' but the risky asset of choice. America is becoming 
highly levered to the success or failure of AI and so goes the fate of the dollar. 
3.       The lucky country. The single biggest dislocation in global FX at the start of the year was KRW: booming 
equity markets (+56% year to date), booming growth (3%+ in 2026), booming yields (4% in 1y1y), booming 
fiscal revenue ($100-$400 “AI” vouchers for households) and ideally positioned for the global capex 
cycle. This is arguably a once-in-a-generation positive terms of trade shock for Korea and the currency has 
finally started to move (15% up in eight weeks). With both CNY and KRW now on an appreciating trend, JPY is 
now the biggest outlier both in Asia and across the globe. BoJ rates to 2%+ and GPIF rebalancing should 
do the trick. 
 


[Page 2]
 
