[Page 1]
 
3 September 2026
Fixed Income | Japan
Macro Information
Assessing market reactions to narrowing of the perception gap between the BOJ's
executive team and more hawkish policy board members
Yusuke Matsuo
Senior Market Economist
yusuke.matsuo@mizuho-sc.com
+81 3 6202 8798
Speaking at a 1 September press conference following the G20 Finance Ministers and
Central Bank Governors Meeting, BOJ Governor Kazuo Ueda first reiterated that the timing
and pace of policy adjustments will be decided based on an assessment of the likelihood
of realizing the central bank's baseline scenario for economic activity and prices as well as
risks to that scenario with particular emphasis to be placed on factors such as the Middle
East situation, AI-related demand, and exchange rate movements, and then went on to say
that he intends for there to be robust discussions at each and every meeting going forward
including the next one on 17–18 September. Ueda did acknowledge the need for "caution"
when examining the cumulative impact of the adjustments that have already brought the
policy rate up to 1.00%, but also said that it is becoming "extremely important" to ensure
a "smooth landing" for so-called "underlying" (trend) inflation at around +2% now that it is
already quite close to that level.
→ Ueda's position does not appear to have changed all that significantly since the July
meeting in terms of how he views the current economic and inflation situation or his belief
that an acceleration in the pace of rate hikes might need to be contemplated. It does
however seem likely that the "top three" on the monetary policy board—Ueda and his two
deputies—are basically on the same page given that Ueda's remarks aligned so closely
with what was said by Deputy Governor Ryozo Himino in his 27 August speech and follow-
up press conference. Moreover, while some might have been hoping for a more direct
reference to a September rate hike, neither is likely to have seen a need to go out on
a limb in such a fashion given that such a move has already been almost fully priced
in as US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has ramped up his pressure on the BOJ.
Jiji Press incidentally reported on 2 September that some within the central bank have
expressed dismay about the US demands and lamented that "a quieter environment would
be preferable".
Policy board member Hajime Takata delivered a speech at a meeting with local leaders
in Sapporo on 2 September. Below we summarize what we consider to have been some
of his key points.
<Speech>
・ "I believe (…) that 2026 represents a regime change where rate hikes will not be carried
out at a fixed pace but will instead be conducted in a nimble and data-dependent manner in
response to the domestic price and economic environment, particularly reflecting overseas
trends."
・ "(…) Japan's policy interest rate has yet to reach the neutral zone. Since I consider the
price stability target to have been almost achieved, I believe it is necessary to bring the
policy interest rate closer to the neutral interest rate in preparation for the second-round
effects of price rises."
This document is intended for institutional investors and is not subject to all of the independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research
reports prepared for retail investors. Please refer to pages 3 - 4 of this research report for important disclosure information, analyst certification,
and disclaimer.


[Page 2]
3 September 2026
 
・ "Given the current circumstances, with central banks abroad entering a rate hike cycle
and the Bank adopting the same policy direction, attention is warranted on the possibility
that a rise in overseas interest rates could push Japan's neutral interest rate above the
level expected by the markets."
<Press conference>1
・ "Generally speaking, it is quite conceivable that we could end up hiking at consecutive
meetings."
・ "Hiking by 25bp should not be the only option that we consider when it comes to
adjusting the policy rate."
・ Takata's remarks were generally hawkish, but that likely came as little surprise to market
participants (which perhaps explains their quite limited reaction) given that he had already
cast a dissenting vote at the July meeting calling for an immediate 25bp hike.
Whereas Takata seemingly sees a precautionary incentive to raise the policy rate towards
its purportedly "neutral" level (which is itself at risk of rising) as quickly as possible and
is prepared to hike at consecutive meetings and/or by more than 25bp to that end, the
executive team appears a little more cautious as it weighs the need to assess the impact
of past rate hikes against the risk of an inflation overshoot (saying only that it will consider
quickening the pace of adjustments from the previous "once every half-year" cadence). In
other words, it is not as though the perception gap between the executive team and more
hawkish policy board members has completely closed.
Differences vis-à-vis the perceived distance of underlying inflation from the +2% target
level do however now appear to have narrowed quite considerably (with the executive
team saying that it is now very close, whereas the hawks insist that it has already been
reached). Moreover, if the executive team is indeed prepared to consider at least somewhat
of an acceleration in rate hikes, then that basically puts it in agreement with Takata's fellow
hawk Naoki Tamura given that he has previously advocated for 25bp hikes "once every
few meetings" (a slightly milder stance than Takata).
OIS pricing has clearly been pointing to a faster pace of rate hikes of late, with the 2y-
forward 1y rate (considered by many a proxy for the terminal policy rate level) moreover
having now climbed to around 2.5%. We do view this as somewhat overblown given
that our own expectation is for the BOJ's policy rate to top out at 1.75%, but we also
consider the market's reaction understandable amid the aforementioned recent signs of
the central bank's executive team "catching up" to the more hawkish perceptions of Takata
and Tamura.
Considering also that the US continues to call for further rate hikes, we do not necessarily
envisage a major repricing until CPI inflation net of "institutional factors" peaks out in
around mid-2027 as projected by our macro team, and we moreover expect the overall
macro environment to remain generally conducive to markets continuing to price in a
relatively steep rate hike trajectory (thereby influencing forecasts for average short-term
interest rate levels).
1  Our paraphrased translations in lieu of an official English-language transcript.
 
Macro Information
2


[Page 3]
3 September 2026
 
Important Disclosure Information
"Mizuho Securities USA LLC (MSUSA) is affiliated with Mizuho Securities and distributes such research reports as third party to US Institutional Investors.
MSUSA does not have the ability to influence Mizuho Securities' analyst coverage and ratings of any subject companies.
This report may not be independent of Mizuho Securities and/or its global securities’ proprietary interests. Mizuho Securities and/or its global securities
trades the securities covered in this report for its own account and on a discretionary basis on behalf of certain clients. Such trading interests may be
contrary to the recommendation(s) offered in this report.
This report was completed and first disseminated at approximately September 3, 2026, 11:13 (Japan Standard Time).
Analyst Certification
The research analyst(s) listed on the cover page of this report certifies(y) that the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect the analyst's(s')
personal views about the subject security(ies) and issuer(s) and that no part of his/her/their compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related
to the specific recommendation(s) or views expressed in this research report.
Disclaimer
This report has been prepared by Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. (‘Mizuho Securities’) solely for the purpose of supplying information to the clients of Mizuho
Securities and/or its affiliates to whom it is distributed. This report is not, and should not be construed as, a recommendation, solicitation or offer to buy
or sell any securities or related financial products. This report has been prepared by Mizuho Securities solely from publicly available information. The
information contained herein is believed to be reliable but has not been independently verified. This report does not purport to contain all the information
that a prospective investor may require to make an investment decision. Mizuho Securities makes no guarantee, representation or warranty and accepts
no responsibility or liability as to the accuracy, completeness or appropriateness of such information. Information contained herein may not be current
due to, among other things, changes in the financial markets or economic environment. Opinions reflected in this report are subject to change without
notice. This report does not constitute, and should not be used as a substitute for, tax, legal or investment advice. The report has been prepared without
regard to the individual financial circumstances, needs or objectives of persons who receive it. The securities and investments related to the securities
discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors. Readers should independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and seek the
advice of a financial adviser before making any investment or entering into any transaction in relation to the securities mentioned in this report. Mizuho
Securities and its affiliates are not responsible for assessing the suitability of any investment. Mizuho Securities and its affiliates shall not be liable in any
manner whatsoever for any consequences (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profits and damages) of any
reliance on or usage of this report and accepts no legal responsibility from any investor who directly or indirectly receives this material. The final investment
decision must be made by the investor and the responsibility for the investment must be taken by the investor. Past performance should not be taken as
an indication or guarantee of future performance. Unless otherwise attributed, forecasts of future performance represent analysts’ estimates based on
factors they consider relevant. Actual performance may vary. Consequently, no express or implied warranty can be made regarding future performance.
Any references in this report to Mizuho Financial Group (‘MHFG’) and/or its affiliates are based only on publicly available information. The authors of
this report are prohibited from using any insider information relating to MHFG or any other companies mentioned in the report. As subsidiaries of MHFG,
Mizuho Securities and its affiliates do not, as a matter of firm policy, cover MHFG for investment recommendation purposes. Mizuho Securities and its
affiliates or other companies affiliated with MHFG may deal in securities referred to in this report, or derivatives of such securities or other securities issued
by companies mentioned in this report, for its own account or the accounts of others, enter into transactions contrary to any recommendations contained
herein, and may supply a wide range of financial services to the issuers of such securities and to their affiliates. Mizuho Securities is prohibited under
Article 135 of the Companies Act of Japan from dealing in the shares of MHFG for its own account.
United Kingdom/ Netherlands/ European Economic Area/Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC): This report is distributed in the United Kingdom
by Mizuho International plc (MHI), 30 Old Bailey, London EC4M 7AU. MHI is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the
Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and is a member of the London Stock Exchange. This report is distributed in the
Netherlands by Mizuho Bank Europe N.V. (MBE), Strawinskylaan 3053, 1077 ZX Amsterdam, the Netherlands. MBE is authorised and regulated by the
Dutch Central Bank (De Nederlandsche Bank, DNB). This report may be distributed in other member states of the European Economic Area by MHI and
MBE. This report is distributed in DIFC by MHI (DIFC Branch). MHI (DIFC Branch) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority and is authorized
to provide financial services to Professional Clients and Market Counterparties only as defined by the DFSA rulebook. MHI (DIFC Branch) registered
address is Unit 501, Level 5, The Gate Building, East Wing, Dubai International Financial Centre, Dubai, U.A.E., Tel. +971 4 427 5312. For the avoidance
of doubt this report is not intended for persons who are Retail Clients within the meaning of the FCA’s rules or the Dutch Financial Supervision Act. Details
of organizational and administrative controls for the prevention and avoidance of conflicts of interest can be found at https://www.mizuhogroup.com/emea/
who-we-are/governance.
United States: Mizuho Securities USA LLC, a subsidiary of Mizuho Americas LLC and member of FINRA, 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY
10020, USA, contact number +1-212-209-9300, distributes or approves the distribution of this report in the United States and takes responsibility for it.
Periodic updates may be provided on companies/industries based on company specific developments or announcements, market conditions or any other
publicly available information. Any transaction by a US investor resulting from the information contained in this report may be effected only through Mizuho
Securities USA LLC. Interested US investors should contact their Mizuho Securities USA LLC sales representative.
Hong Kong: This report is distributed in Hong Kong by Mizuho Securities Asia Limited (‘MHSA’), 14 - 15/F, K11 Atelier, 18 Salisbury Road, Tsim Sha Tsui,
Kowloon, Hong Kong, a member of MHFG. MHSA is licensed and regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission. This report has been
prepared for “professional investors” as defined in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance. This report has been prepared in accordance with
MHSA’s internal conflict of interest management policies. Details of MHSA’s organizational and administrative controls for the prevention and avoidance
of conflicts of interest are available upon request.
Australia: This report is intended for distribution only to persons who are sophisticated or professional investors for the purposes of section 708 of the
Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (‘CA’), or “wholesale clients” for the purpose of section 761G of the CA. It is not intended for or should not be passed
on, directly or indirectly, to other classes of persons/investors in Australia. Both Mizuho Securities Asia Limited (ARBN 603425912) and Mizuho Securities
(Singapore) Pte. Ltd.(ARBN 132105545), which are licensed in their respective jurisdictions, are registered foreign companies in Australia and are each
exempt from the requirement to hold an Australian financial services license under the CA under the Australian Securities and Investments Commission
Corporations (Repeal and Transitional) Instrument 2016/396.
Singapore: This report is distributed in Singapore by Mizuho Securities (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (“MHSS”), a holder of a capital markets services licence
and an exempt financial adviser regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. MHSS may distribute analyses or reports produced by its affiliates
or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. This report is only intended
for distribution to “institutional investors”, “accredited investors” or “expert investors”, as defined under the Financial Advisers Regulations. Singapore
recipients of this report should contact MHSS at 12 Marina View, #25–02/03, Asia Square Tower 2, Singapore 018961, for any matter arising from, or
in connection with, this report.
 
Macro Information
3


[Page 4]
3 September 2026
 
Japan: This report is distributed in Japan by Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd., a member of MHFG, Otemachi First Square, 5-1 Otemachi 1-chome, Chiyoda-ku,
Tokyo 100-0004, Japan. Mizuho Securities is solely responsible for the distribution of this report to non-professional investors and retail clients in Japan in
accordance with applicable Japanese regulations. This report is not intended to be distributed to non-professional investors or retail clients outside of Japan.
Mizuho Securities charges predetermined commissions for the various financial products we offer our clients for investment purposes. In the case of bonds,
we will only charge the purchase price. Mizuho Securities charges a commission on domestic equity transactions up to a maximum of 1.155% of the
contract amount, tax included. The minimum commission is JPY2,750, tax included. (If the value of the contract amount is less than JPY2,750 at the time
of sale, we charge a brokerage commission of 99.0% of the contract amount, tax included.) These commissions are based on a tax rate of 10%. If the
consumption tax rate changes, the new tax rate shall be applied from the date of the change.
© All Rights Reserved 2026. This document may not be altered, reproduced, redistributed, or passed on to any other party, in whole or in part, without
the prior written consent of Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd.
The value of financial products may go down or up as prices fluctuate. Owners of financial products may suffer losses
on the original value of their purchases.
 
Fixed Income Research Department
Registered Financial Instruments Firm, No. 94 (Kinsho), issued by the Director, Kanto
Local Finance Bureau
Otemachi First Square 1-5-1
Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku
Tokyo 100-0004
Memberships: the Japan Securities Dealers Association; Investment Management
Association of Japan; the Financial Futures Association of Japan; the Type II Financial
Instruments Firms Association; and the Japan Security Token Offering Association
