[Page 1]
GS Greco - Oil Exports at 2/3 of pre war 100% upside on EU
Diesel Time spreads EU Oil Majors 3 Sep 2026
Edoardo Greco  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Executive Director, Franchise Sales, Global Banking & Markets, Equities
Thu 3 Sep 2026, 3:51am ET
Dense update in the latest Oil Tracker, looking at the impact of dark crossings, how oil inventories are
currently under-estimated, China’s price sensitivity, and the impact of US control of 21% Venezuela’s
proven oil reserves.
While the recent re-escalation propelled oil higher, GS Equity Trading desk believes you have to assume
semi-permanent supply disruptions to justify equities’ price levels here. The curve is already pretty
backwardated and we are incentivising shale growth we do not need next year. The names most affected
by a potential oil correction are Equinor, Aker, Total, and ENI. Names to add on a dip are Shell – the most
defensive in the space – and Repsol, as refining remains one of the key bottlenecks.
Oil prices have risen to $95 as oil and shipping markets now price a “no-Middle East deal” status quo for
longer. However, increasing market adaptability to the conflict, including a rise in dark transits and the
price sensitivity of China crude imports, will likely continue to moderate the upside to crude prices, even
in the case of prolonged disruptions in the Middle East (assuming no large damage to oil infrastructure).
If you look for an area that remains unresolved is European Diesel: GSR Commodity Research now
recommend long Mar27-Dec27 European diesel time-spread implying over 100% upside if the nearby 9-
month spread remains near current levels.
What’s then the latest in terms of flows, demand & supply adjustments?
Accounting for dark crossings, GSR estimate recent total Persian Gulf oil exports at roughly 15-16mb/d or
2/3 of pre-war levels, while recent visible exports stand at only 10mb/d (7DMA).


[Page 2]
The upward revisions to the Persian Gulf exports lead to upward revisions in oil on water, implying that
high-frequency visible oil data likely underestimate recent inventories. OECD commercial stocks — the
core predictive indicator for Brent time-spreads — remain in line with their historical averages, with our
OECD commercial stocks counter down only 19mb from since March 1st.
GSR estimate the fair value of Brent spot prices at around $80/bbl based on our OECD commercial stocks
counter, current OECD demand estimates, estimates of the long-term Brent anchor, and the historical
relationship between stocks and spot prices (vs. long-dated prices).


[Page 3]
China crude imports remain price sensitive, with imports declining to 3mb/d below seasonal norms over
the last two weeks after a short-lived pickup in early August, also supporting OECD commercial stocks.
Re: US/Venezuela headlines – those are not a quick fix: Friday's announcement of the US securing control
of 21% of Venezuela's proven oil reserves revived hopes of a boost to Venezuelan oil production. While
GSR expect Venezuela's crude production to edge up further, they do not see it returning to pre-2018
levels of above 2mb/d (vs. 1.1mb/d in July) over the next couple of years as the main bottlenecks —
degraded infrastructure and unreliable power grid — will be expensive to resolve quickly.


[Page 4]
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities as of 3 September 2026.
