[Page 1]
GS McGeoch - Materials Sept 3...Golds moving parts, IMP payout
and SSW strike risk, El Nino's creeping concern, Thermal 3 Sep
2026
James McGeoch  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Equity Sales / Materials
Thu 3 Sep 2026, 2:51am ET
DXY 99.3 CNH 6.71 10YR 4.76 Gold 4427 Copper 14,237 Oil 94.47
As the data drips in, focus elevated into end of week, reminder on GS forecasts for NFP - August (GS
+40k, cons +55k, last -23k), I see BBG today running this Barron's article outlining fragile jobs market….
Oil down and Gold up, stocks behaving as expected overnight.... Gold again where all the eyes have been
this week (I say this knowing Copper has peoples attention, its like a hammer and whereas gold is more
like scalpel), see all below for more detail. The headline I need to dig more into is B.US weighing a delay
to listing of NA assets to 2027, Equally on EGO.US the newswire carries this, inline, still waiting for
commercial prodn in Sept….Surprised to look at the OI in Gold and in particular Silver. Equally the flows
on the desk last two days (buying), reaffirm one thing I wrote Friday is the rally in August was missed by
many and lastly, you know I care in platinum we see IMP.SJ report, we had prodn already (strong), HEPS
at R25.48 is fine, the DPS at R14.45 is a beat (with 79% FCF payout the top of peer group), FCF of R22bn
(+16% v cons), net cash (R22bn), saw SSW rally yday, expect IMP to do the same today. Nu big surprise -
outlook is for sustained deficits across all PGM's. This matters more, SSW.SJ CEO says "no option but to
shut the Stillwater mine if a strike launched by employees prevented the company from implementing a
new wage agreement" .….If I run the screen, Nickel the big move (+1.6%) r, we have more insight into El
Nino and the warm up lap for 2027 - Indonesian output risk at -40% basis water availability (Recall I
mentioned this around FCX and Grasberg, in particular Gresik, and also PNG and Ok Tedi to name a few),
Alumina rallies the same amount ….Watching Iron Ore (+2%) as we continue to unwind shorts (CTA are
now long) and sell longs in Coking Coal (-3.7%). The watch in Fe is restocking ahead of China Golden
week (October 1-7), also watching steel margins and capacity to run the input price pressure. Still have in
the back of my mind “anti-involution” and what can start to happen to Chinese production in 2027. …If
you caught it LYC.AU outlined it was in takeover talks earlier this year, admit I am surprised its only +2%
and that is from a $15 starting price not $20. If I was a gambling man it would have to say MP.US, I mean
you have to be big, you need the downstream and the US has been pretty clear about its support for Ex-
China critical mineral development. …This point is top of mind, TTF at €72 has lazer focus (all about
Qatar restart, storage levels and winter trends), Newc Thermal for Jan27 is >$150 again. Its just another
layer of support for the one stock you should all be loading up on, GLEN.LN (indo supply risk on El
Nino, Vietnam burn up, Indian stockpiles down, China safety issues, Aussies tying themselves in knotts at
HVO, Russia transport routes etc...)
GOLD – all very technical to start yday and evolved into a more reasonable shape. I am leaning more in
the camp of no hikes in Sept (that’s the GS view), looking at BBG and the cons is for 2.5 (end 2027),


[Page 2]
71.7% Sept hike, below is the CTA thresholds, averted those, noting to my eye the selling was mostly
futures and CTA’s. Key level was $4300 for Dec26. I would also note the 50day at 4221, ETF selling we
saw and note how OI has shifted lower -3.2%...noting silver much chunkier -14%. I put a few charts in the
below, of note to me was the US ETF’s for Gold added $1bn on Monday and Tuesday and likely more on
Wednesday when the dust settles. Notable yday was Dutch Central Bank Moved ~86 Metric Tons of Gold
From US, Canada (total 313t held), “A more balanced distribution of these reserves between North
America, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands helps to spread risks and will make them more readily
available for use in a crisis situation,” …..GIR published on this back in August Storage dilemma
Looking at the ETF flow…. From mid July it started to see the inflow…Done a rough $10bn of length
since July 17, the US listed Gold ETF is $256bn in total (Silver at $41bn)
For those who ask on Silver…just a smaller mkt. In a difft chart the stretch of Silver inflows has been
running 5 weeks and the longest run YTD.
Below is the OI for Gold and Silver.....
This was the CTA levels I was looking at midday Wednesday…..Yellow line is is Dec26 at $4300


[Page 3]
Remember you get the Nowcast data on Gold buying on Second Friday of each month
On Oils - i add a few comments from Trading (Pete) - latest oil tracker from GIR. Recent total Persian
Gulf oil exports at 15-16mbpd (2/3 of pre-war), 2mbpd draws over last 30 days. OECD commercial stocks
broadly inline with historical averages (SPRs, China has borne the brunt of losses) which leaves fair value
at c.$80 Whilst we did not anticipate the most recent re-escalation over the last few days, we would still
fade this rally - you have to assume semi permanent supply disruptions to justify the equities here. The
curve is already pretty backwardated and we are incentivising shale growth we do not need next year.
Biggest shorts are EQNR, AKRBP, TTE, ENI, would buy dips in SHEL, REP


[Page 4]
In Utilities
PPC.GA - Assessing the upside from the DC opportunity ...According to local press reports during
Summer (see here and here), PPC may be nearing the announcement of its first hyperscaler partnership for
the Kozani DC Hub. PPC is the first utility in our coverage pursuing a differentiated datacenter strategy,
whereby it would co-develop and operate the datacenter infrastructure alongside a hyperscaler partner,
generating long-term contracted revenues from infrastructure leases, power supply and fibre connectivity.
....
China Midday wrap - Major indices ended with gains in the morning but activity level remain muted in
China. Turnover is down another 9.7% DoD and is projected to finish around 1.7Tn Rmb by EOD, still
refreshing new low in recent months. Tech names traded choppy, both ChiNext and STAR 50 faded from a
high open as there is still lack of conviction from local investors to chase the rebound. While market
continues to see muted activity in TMT themes, rotation into value and high-dividend themes is still
ongoing. Insurance and Banks continue to lead the outperformance, and yesterday's outperformers like
CCL and fiberglass have reversed to become laggards today. Non-ferrous saw a rebound tracking
commodity price moves. Miners with Nickle exposure got bit after the report that Indonesia's largest
nickel industrial park may cut output by 30-40% due to water shortages from severe drought. Elsewhere,
Shipping outperformed with multiple names hitting limit up as local media citing surging VLCC freight
rates. PBOC Governor Pan said China has neither the need nor intention to weaken the yuan to gain trade
competitiveness.
New accts - A-share new accounts totaled 2.4 mn in August, down 10% YoY, while Jan-Aug new accounts
reached 25.21 mn, up 46% YoY.
GS Commodity Price Deck…see page 3


[Page 5]


[Page 6]
Source: Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs Global FICC & Equities as of September 2026. Past performance is not indicative of future results.
All references to we/us/our refer to the views and observations of the desk.
