[Page 1]
GS Lee - Asset Allocation & Asia Top Stock Picks 3 Sep 2026
Heejae Lee  ·  Goldman Sachs  ·  Associate, FICC & Equities, Goldman Sachs (Singapore)
Thu 3 Sep 2026, 12:14am ET
Our Head of Global Asset Allocation Christian Mueller-Glissmann remains tactically neutral across assets
for 3m and modestly pro-risk for 12m, with OW equities, N bonds, commodities and cash, and UW credit.
Over the 12mth, sustained, healthy earnings growth should support equity outperformance versus bonds
and credit, although returns are likely to slow as earnings growth and revisions peak.
That said, near-term volatility could rise amid rates volatility, seasonal weakness, US midterm elections
and broader geopolitical risks.
The main upside risk for equities is from lower rates rather than stronger growth as risk appetite and
cyclical pricing remain elevated. And as rising bond yields are increasingly becoming a speed limit for
equities and thus longer duration bonds are becoming a source of risk in portfolio, we recommend more
style diversification within equities (low volatility, high dividend yield) and allocations to Gold and
broader real assets.


[Page 2]
Our Risk Appetite Indicator remains elevated around 1 (though it has moderated in recent days). Having
said that there has been a material decline in positioning related to AI capex beneficiaries. And from GS
Prime, hedge funds net leverage continued to decrease from the peak earlier in June, despite an increase in
gross leverage.
HF Positioning (as of 31 August). Overall book gross leverage rose for the first time in 3 months, while
net leverage was relatively unchanged.
Regional Positioning: Net buying in North America and EM Asia was offset by net selling in DM Asia and
Europe.


[Page 3]
North America was net bought for a fourth straight month, driven by long buys outpacing short sales (1.6
to 1).
DM Asia was net sold, driven by long sales and to a lesser extent short sales (1.8 to 1). Nearly every
market was net sold, led by Japan. Despite this month’s buying, DM Asia’s weighting vs. the MSCI World
ACWI fell -1 pt to 2.7% O/W (in the 69th percentile vs. the past year and in the 94th percentile vs. the past
five years).
EM Asia was net bought for the first time in 3 months, driven by risk-off activity, with short covers
outpacing long sales (1.9 to 1). Buying in China was partially offset by selling in Taiwan and Korea. EM
Asia’s weighting vs. the MSCI World ACWI rose +1.8 pts to +9.9% O/W (in the 59th percentile vs. the
past year and in the 92nd percentile vs. the past five years).
GS Asia Conviction List – September Edition. We add Kotak Mahindra Bank and NEC to the Conviction
List, whilst removing Jardine Matheson, Foshan Haitian Flavouring & Food (H), Wuxi AppTec, and
Shenzhen Inovance.


[Page 4]
Thesis for the new additions
Kotak Mahindra Bank: Sumeet Kariwala expects Kotak Mahindra Bank to undergo a material re-rating,
forecasting a 15% core PPoP CAGR and a 16% EPS CAGR over 2026E-29E. He expects the earnings
acceleration to be driven by a recovery in unsecured lending, continued market share gains in focus
segments, and a 205bps reduction in the core cost-to-income ratio over 2026E-29E. Kotak remains a
unique play on India's financial services opportunity, being the only large Indian bank with 100%
ownership of all major capital-markets and insurance subsidiaries. This diversified platform enables the
bank to capture deeper customer wallet share and sustain industry-leading risk-adjusted NIMs of 4.5%.
NEC: Chikai Tanaka forecasts FY3/26-FY3/29E non-GAAP operating profit to compound at an 17%
CAGR, substantially outpacing the sector average of approximately 8%. He expects FY3/27 non-GAAP
operating profits of ¥500 billion (+26% yoy), representing a significant beat to the company's upwardly
revised guidance of ¥430 billion. This growth is driven by sustained margin improvement in domestic IT
services from exiting low-margin projects, alongside stronger-than-expected demand expansion in the
aerospace and defense, and submarine cable systems segments. Chikai argues that current valuations do
not reflect this growth outlook, particularly as GS is more positive than consensus on the earnings
contribution from the recent consolidation of US-based CSG and the submarine cable systems turnaround.
Source: Goldman Sachs FICC & Equities as of 3 September 2026.
