[Page 1]
Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby 
+1(646)446-3905 | 
yulia.grigsby@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Filippo Cuscito 
+44(20)7051-9073 | 
filippo.cuscito@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs International 
Alexandra Paulus 
+1(212)902-7111 | 
alexandra.paulus@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 
Daan Struyven 
+1(212)357-4172 | 
daan.struyven@gs.com 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
Oil Tracker: The Dark Transit Rises; Rolling Our Diesel Hedging 
Recommendation
2 September 2026 | 6:16PM EDT
Brent crude prices have risen to $95 as oil and shipping markets now price a 
n
“no-Mideast-deal” status quo for longer.  
Recent attacks between the US and Iran, following a month-long pause, 
o
suggest that military strikes on Iran are still possible within the new US 
maximum economic pressure campaign and increase the risks of damage 
to oil infrastructure. 
Attacks on oil tankers in the Persian Gulf and near the Red Sea have 
§
ramped up, with at least six confirmed strikes over the last 10 days.  
However, increasing market adaptability to the conflict, including a rise in 
o
dark transits and the price sensitivity of China crude imports, will likely 
continue to moderate the upside to crude prices, even in the case of 
prolonged disruptions in the Middle East (assuming no large damage to oil 
infrastructure). 
While we still recommend investors to hedge geopolitical risks with deferred 
n
European diesel timespreads, we close our long Dec26-Mar27 timespread 
recommendation (with a potential $6/bbl or 60% gain) as near-term prices have 
risen significantly (Exhibit 1). 
We now recommend long Mar27-Dec27 European diesel timespread 
o
implying over 100% upside if the nearby 9-month spread remains near 
current levels. 
Accounting for dark crossings, we estimate recent total Persian Gulf oil exports at 
n
roughly 15-16mb/d or 2/3 of pre-war levels, while recent visible exports stand at 
only 10mb/d (7DMA) (Exhibit 2). 
We estimate a net hit to Persian Gulf flows of 7.9mb/d now (Exhibit 3).  
o
The 5mb/d upward revision to the Gulf flows over the last two weeks likely 
o
results from a ramp up in oil tankers crossing the Strait near the coast of 
Oman with their AIS off. 
While Hormuz flows are improving, Red Sea exports (via Bab-el-Mandeb, 
o
Suez, and SUMED pipeline) have decreased by 4.5mb/d in August from July 
as Saudi Arabia started redirecting oil flows from Yanbu back to eastern 
ports given the Houthi threat. 
The upward revisions to the Persian Gulf exports lead to upward revisions in oil 
n
on water, implying that high-frequency visible oil data likely underestimate 
 
Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision. For Reg AC 
certification and other important disclosures, see the Disclosure Appendix, or go to 
www.gs.com/research/hedge.html. 
Commodities Research
 
 


[Page 2]
recent inventories. 
Adjusting for expected upward revisions, we estimate global visible stocks at 
o
39mb above the same-day raw reading, implying a 2.1mb/d pace of inventory 
draws over the last 30 days (Exhibit 4, left panel).  
OECD commercial stocks — the core predictive indicator for Brent timespreads — 
n
remain in line with their historical averages, with our OECD commercial stocks 
counter down only 19mb from since March 1st (Exhibit 4, right panel).  
Large OECD SPR draws at an average pace of over 1mb/d over the last six 
o
months, as well as draws on water prevented large declines in OECD 
commercial stocks. 
China crude imports remain price sensitive, with imports declining to 3mb/d 
o
below seasonal norms over the last two weeks after a short-lived pickup in 
early August (Exhibit 5), also supporting OECD commercial stocks.  
We estimate the fair value of Brent spot prices at around $80/bbl based on 
o
our OECD commercial stocks counter, current OECD demand estimates, 
estimates of the long-term Brent anchor, and the historical relationship 
between stocks and spot prices (vs. long-dated prices) (Exhibit 6). 
Friday’s announcement of the US securing control of 21% of Venezuela’s proven oil 
n
reserves revived hopes of a boost to Venezuelan oil production. 
Several large US and European oil companies are also expected to expand 
o
their operations in Venezuela, including Chevron (aiming to add 0.3mb/d of 
production by 2031) and Eni. 
Venezuelan crude and condensate exports increased by 0.4mb/d 
o
year-over-year, with a notable change in the composition of importers as the 
US replaced China as the primary buyer of Venezuelan oil over the last five 
months. 
While we expect Venezuela’s crude production to edge up further, we do not 
o
see it returning to pre-2018 levels of above 2mb/d (vs. 1.1mb/d in July) over 
the next couple of years as the main bottlenecks — degraded infrastructure 
and unreliable power grid — will be expensive to resolve quickly.
2 September 2026
  2
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 3]
 
 
 
Exhibit 1: We Close Our Long Dec26-Mar27 European Diesel Timespread Recommendation 
With a Potential $6/bbl or 60% Gain, and Now Recommend Long Mar27-Dec27 European 
Diesel Timespread 
 
 
Source: BBG, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 2: We Estimate Recent Total Oil Exports from the Persian Gulf at 15-16mb/d, Using 
Two Independent Methods 
 
Oil includes crude, refined products, and LPG. For Kpler flows as currently reported and assuming no revisions, Persian Gulf 
exports are defined as the sum of flows through the Strait of Hormuz, Yanbu, Fujairah, Gulf of Oman, and Botas Ceyhan. For 
revisions, crude balance, and Kpler products exports, Persian Gulf exports are defined as the sum of exports from Saudi 
Arabia, UAE, Iran, Iraq, Qatar, and Kuwait. 
 
Source: OPEC Secondary Sources, IEA, Kpler, PetroLogistics, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 September 2026
  3
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 4]
 
 
 
Exhibit 3: Our Estimate of the Hit to Oil Flows From the Persian Gulf Now Stands at 7.9mb/d 
 
Yanbu is on the west coast of Saudi Arabia, bordering the Red Sea and connected to Saudi eastern oil fields via the East-West 
pipeline. Fujairah lies east (outside) of the Strait of Hormuz and is connected to Abu Dhabi’s onshore fields via the Abu Dhabi 
Crude Oil Pipeline (ADCOP). The Gulf of Oman connects the Strait to the Arabian Sea (southeast). The Kirkuk-Ceyhan pipeline 
allows northern Iraqi crude to be pumped through Turkiye to the Mediterranean sea. 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 4: Our Global Visible Stocks Counter Drew by 2.5mb/d Over the Last 30 Days, Adjusting for Expected Revisions, 
but OECD Commercial Stocks Have Barely Drawn Since March 
 
 
Source: IEA, Kpler, DOE, Euroilstocks, ARA PJK, PAJ, Haver, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 September 2026
  4
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 5]
 
 
 
Exhibit 5: China Net Imports of Crude and Condensate Declined to 3.1mb/d Below Year-Ago Levels (14-Day Moving 
Average) 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 6: We Estimate the Spot Brent Fair Value Around $80/bbl, Suggesting the Market 
Prices Around $15/bbl of Risk Premium 
 
Our long-dated 36M Brent assumption of $76 incorporates a $9 structural security premium we implemented at the start of 
the war to encourage surpluses in no-disruption periods given structurally high disruption risk. 
 
Source: IEA, Kpler, DOE, Euroilstocks, ARA PJK, PAJ, Haver, ICE, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 September 2026
  5
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 6]
 
 
Exhibit 7: Crude and Condensate Exports From Venezuela Increased by 0.4mb/d or 36% 
Year-Over-Year 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
 
Exhibit 8: The US Has Replaced China as the Main Importer of Venezuelan Oil Since 2026Q2 
 
 
Source: Kpler, Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
2 September 2026
  6
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 7]
Disclosure Appendix 
 
 
Reg AC 
We, Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby, Filippo Cuscito, Alexandra Paulus and Daan Struyven, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this report accurately 
reflect our personal views, which have not been influenced by considerations of the firm’s business or client relationships. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. 
Contributing Authors: Yulia Zhestkova Grigsby Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Filippo Cuscito Goldman Sachs International, Alexandra Paulus Goldman 
Sachs & Co. LLC, Daan Struyven Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed in the Contributing Authors disclosure of this report are analysts in Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment 
Research division. 
Disclosures 
Disclosure 
Iran is subject to comprehensive sanctions by the United States. 
Regulatory disclosures 
Disclosures required by United States laws and regulations 
See company-specific regulatory disclosures above for any of the following disclosures required as to companies referred to in this report: manager or 
co-manager in a pending transaction; 1% or other ownership; compensation for certain services; types of client relationships; managed/co-managed 
public offerings in prior periods; directorships; registered market maker. Goldman Sachs trades or may trade as a principal in debt securities (or in 
related derivatives) of issuers discussed in this report.  
The following are additional required disclosures: Ownership and material conflicts of interest: Goldman Sachs policy prohibits its analysts, 
professionals reporting to analysts and members of their households from owning securities of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Analyst 
compensation:  Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Goldman Sachs, which includes investment banking revenues.  Analyst as officer 
or director: Goldman Sachs policy generally prohibits its analysts, persons reporting to analysts or members of their households from serving as an 
officer, director or advisor of any company in the analyst’s area of coverage.  Non-U.S. Analysts:  Non-U.S. analysts may not be associated persons of 
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and therefore may not be subject to FINRA Rule 2241 or FINRA Rule 2242 restrictions on communications with a subject 
company, public appearances and trading in securities covered by the analysts.  
Additional disclosures required under the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than the United States 
The following disclosures are those required by the jurisdiction indicated, except to the extent already made above pursuant to United States laws and 
regulations. Australia: Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd and its affiliates are not authorised deposit-taking institutions (as that term is defined in the 
Banking Act 1959 (Cth)) in Australia and do not provide banking services, nor carry on a banking business, in Australia. This research, and any access to 
it, is intended only for “wholesale clients” within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. In 
producing research reports, members of Global Investment Research of Goldman Sachs Australia may attend site visits and other meetings hosted by 
the companies and other entities which are the subject of its research reports. In some instances the costs of such site visits or meetings may be met in 
part or in whole by the issuers concerned if Goldman Sachs Australia considers it is appropriate and reasonable in the specific circumstances relating to 
the site visit or meeting. To the extent that the contents of this document contains any financial product advice, it is general advice only and has been 
prepared by Goldman Sachs without taking into account a client’s objectives, financial situation or needs. A client should, before acting on any such 
advice, consider the appropriateness of the advice having regard to the client’s own objectives, financial situation and needs. A copy of certain 
Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests and a copy of Goldman Sachs’ Australian Sell-Side Research Independence Policy 
Statement are available at:  
.  Brazil: Disclosure information in relation 
to CVM Resolution n. 20 is available at  
. Where applicable, the Brazil-registered analyst 
primarily responsible for the content of this research report, as defined in Article 20 of CVM Resolution n. 20, is the first author named at the beginning 
of this report, unless indicated otherwise at the end of the text.  Canada: This information is being provided to you for information purposes only and is 
not, and under no circumstances should be construed as, an advertisement, offering or solicitation by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC for purchasers of 
securities in Canada to trade in any Canadian security. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC is not registered as a dealer in any jurisdiction in Canada under 
applicable Canadian securities laws and generally is not permitted to trade in Canadian securities and may be prohibited from selling certain securities 
and products in certain jurisdictions in Canada. If you wish to trade in any Canadian securities or other products in Canada please contact Goldman 
Sachs Canada Inc., an affiliate of The Goldman Sachs Group Inc., or another registered Canadian dealer.  Hong Kong: Further information on the 
securities of covered companies referred to in this research may be obtained on request from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.  India: Further information 
on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited, Research 
Analyst - SEBI Registration Number INH000001493, 10th Floor, Ascent-Worli, Sudam Kalu Ahire Marg, Worli, Mumbai-400 025, India, Corporate 
Identity Number U74140MH2006FTC160634, Phone +91 22 6616 9000, Fax +91 22 6616 9001. Goldman Sachs may beneficially own 1% or more of 
the securities (as such term is defined in clause 2 (h) the Indian Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956) of the subject company or companies 
referred to in this research report. Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way guarantee performance of the intermediary or 
provide any assurance of returns to investors. Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Limited compliance officer and investor grievance contact 
details, a copy of the annual compliance audit report and other relevant information and disclosures can be found at this link: 
 
.  Japan: See below.  Korea: This research, and any access to it, is intended only for 
“professional investors” within the meaning of the Financial Services and Capital Markets Act, unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. Further 
information on the subject company or companies referred to in this research may be obtained from Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch.  New 
Zealand: Goldman Sachs New Zealand Limited and its affiliates are neither “registered banks” nor “deposit takers” (as defined in the Reserve Bank of 
New Zealand Act 1989) in New Zealand. This research, and any access to it, is intended for “wholesale clients” (as defined in the Financial Advisers Act 
2008) unless otherwise agreed by Goldman Sachs. A copy of certain Goldman Sachs Australia and New Zealand disclosure of interests is available at: 
 
.  Russia: Research reports distributed in the Russian Federation are not 
advertising as defined in the Russian legislation, but are information and analysis not having product promotion as their main purpose and do not 
provide appraisal within the meaning of the Russian legislation on appraisal activity. Research reports do not constitute a personalized investment 
recommendation as defined in Russian laws and regulations, are not addressed to a specific client, and are prepared without analyzing the financial 
circumstances, investment profiles or risk profiles of clients. Goldman Sachs assumes no responsibility for any investment decisions that may be taken 
by a client or any other person based on this research report.  Singapore: Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W), which is 
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, accepts legal responsibility for this research, and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, this research.  Taiwan: This material is for reference only and must not be reprinted without permission. Investors 
2 September 2026
  7
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 8]
should carefully consider their own investment risk. Investment results are the responsibility of the individual investor.  United Kingdom: Persons who 
would be categorized as retail clients in the United Kingdom, as such term is defined in the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority, should read this 
research in conjunction with prior Goldman Sachs research on the covered companies referred to herein and should refer to the risk warnings that have 
been sent to them by Goldman Sachs International. A copy of these risks warnings, and a glossary of certain financial terms used in this report, are 
available from Goldman Sachs International on request.   
European Union and United Kingdom: Disclosure information in relation to Article 6 (2) of the European Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
(2016/958) supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council (including as that Delegated Regulation is 
implemented into United Kingdom domestic law and regulation following the United Kingdom’s departure from the European Union and the European 
Economic Area) with regard to regulatory technical standards for the technical arrangements for objective presentation of investment 
recommendations or other information recommending or suggesting an investment strategy and for disclosure of particular interests or indications of 
conflicts of interest is available at  
 which states the European Policy for Managing Conflicts of 
Interest in Connection with Investment Research.   
Japan: Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd. is a Financial Instrument Dealer registered with the Kanto Financial Bureau under registration number Kinsho 69, 
and a member of Japan Securities Dealers Association, Financial Futures Association of Japan Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association, and 
Investment Management Association of Japan. Sales and purchase of equities are subject to commission pre-determined with clients plus consumption 
tax. See company-specific disclosures as to any applicable disclosures required by Japanese stock exchanges, the Japanese Securities Dealers 
Association or the Japanese Securities Finance Company.   
Global product; distributing entities 
Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research produces and distributes research products for clients of Goldman Sachs on a global basis. Analysts based 
in Goldman Sachs offices around the world produce research on industries and companies, and research on macroeconomics, currencies, commodities 
and portfolio strategy. This research is disseminated in Australia by Goldman Sachs Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 21 006 797 897); in Brazil by Goldman Sachs 
do Brasil Corretora de Títulos e Valores Mobiliários S.A.; Public Communication Channel Goldman Sachs Brazil: 0800 727 5764 and / or 
contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Available Weekdays (except holidays), from 9am to 6pm. Canal de Comunicação com o Público Goldman Sachs Brasil: 
0800 727 5764 e/ou contatogoldmanbrasil@gs.com. Horário de funcionamento: segunda-feira à sexta-feira (exceto feriados), das 9h às 18h; in Canada 
by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC; in Hong Kong by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C.; in India by Goldman Sachs (India) Securities Private Ltd.; in Japan by 
Goldman Sachs Japan Co., Ltd.; in the Republic of Korea by Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C., Seoul Branch; in New Zealand by Goldman Sachs New Zealand 
Limited; in Russia by OOO Goldman Sachs; in Singapore by Goldman Sachs (Singapore) Pte. (Company Number: 198602165W); and in the United States 
of America by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC. Goldman Sachs International has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United 
Kingdom.  
Goldman Sachs International (“GSI”), authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) and the PRA, has approved this research in connection with its distribution in the United Kingdom. 
European Economic Area: Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (“GSBE”) is a credit institution incorporated in Germany and, within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, subject to direct prudential supervision by the European Central Bank and in other respects supervised by German Federal Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht, BaFin) and Deutsche Bundesbank and disseminates research within the 
European Economic Area.  
General disclosures 
This research is for our clients only. Other than disclosures relating to Goldman Sachs, this research is based on current public information that we 
consider reliable, but we do not represent it is accurate or complete, and it should not be relied on as such. The information, opinions, estimates and 
forecasts contained herein are as of the date hereof and are subject to change without prior notification. We seek to update our research as 
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Other than certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority 
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst’s judgment. 
Goldman Sachs conducts a global full-service, integrated investment banking, investment management, and brokerage business. We have investment 
banking and other business relationships with a substantial percentage of the companies covered by Global Investment Research. Goldman Sachs & Co. 
LLC, the United States broker dealer, is a member of SIPC ( 
).  
Our salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and principal 
trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research. Our asset management area, principal trading desks and 
investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research. 
We and our affiliates, officers, directors, and employees will from time to time have long or short positions in, act as principal in, make a market or act as 
liquidity provider in, and buy or sell, any securities, derivatives, or other financial instruments referred to in this research (including any financial 
instruments issued by the companies referred to herein), unless otherwise prohibited by regulation or Goldman Sachs policy.  
The views attributed to third party presenters at Goldman Sachs arranged conferences, including individuals from other parts of Goldman Sachs, do not 
necessarily reflect those of Global Investment Research and are not an official view of Goldman Sachs. 
Any third party referenced herein, including any salespeople, traders and other professionals or members of their household, may have positions in the 
products mentioned that are inconsistent with the views expressed by analysts named in this report. 
This research is focused on investment themes across markets, industries and sectors. It does not attempt to distinguish between the prospects or 
performance of, or provide analysis of, individual companies within any industry or sector we describe. 
Any trading recommendation in this research relating to an equity or credit security or securities within an industry or sector is reflective of the 
investment theme being discussed and is not a recommendation of any such security in isolation. 
This research is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any security in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be illegal. 
It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual 
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this research is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate, 
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of investments referred to in this research and the income from them may fluctuate. 
Past performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in 
exchange rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments.  
Certain transactions, including those involving futures, options, and other derivatives, give rise to substantial risk and are not suitable for all investors. 
Investors should review current options and futures disclosure documents which are available from Goldman Sachs sales representatives or at 
 
 and  
. Transaction 
costs may be significant in option strategies calling for multiple purchase and sales of options such as spreads. Supporting documentation will be 
2 September 2026
  8
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 


[Page 9]
supplied upon request.  
Differing Levels of Service provided by Global Investment Research: The level and types of services provided to you by Goldman Sachs Global 
Investment Research may vary as compared to that provided to internal and other external clients of GS, depending on various factors including your 
individual preferences as to the frequency and manner of receiving communication, your risk profile and investment focus and perspective (e.g., 
marketwide, sector specific, long term, short term), the size and scope of your overall client relationship with GS, and legal and regulatory constraints.  
As an example, certain clients may request to receive notifications when research on specific securities is published, and certain clients may request 
that specific data underlying analysts’ fundamental analysis available on our internal client websites be delivered to them electronically through data 
feeds or otherwise. No change to an analyst’s fundamental research views (e.g., ratings, price targets, or material changes to earnings estimates for 
equity securities), will be communicated to any client prior to inclusion of such information in a research report broadly disseminated through 
electronic publication to our internal client websites or through other means, as necessary, to all clients who are entitled to receive such reports. 
All research reports are disseminated and available to all clients simultaneously through electronic publication to our internal client websites. Not all 
research content is redistributed to our clients or available to third-party aggregators, nor is Goldman Sachs responsible for the redistribution of our 
research by third party aggregators. For research, models or other data related to one or more securities, markets or asset classes (including related 
services) that may be available to you, please contact your GS representative or go to  
. 
Disclosure information is also available at  
 or from Research Compliance, 200 West Street, New York, NY 
10282. 
© 2026 Goldman Sachs.  
You are permitted to store, display, analyze, modify, reformat, and print the information made available to you via this service only for your own use.  
You may not resell or reverse engineer this information to calculate or develop any index for disclosure and/or marketing or create any other derivative 
works or commercial product(s), data or offering(s) without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. You are not permitted to publish, transmit, 
or otherwise reproduce this information, in whole or in part, in any format to any third party without the express written consent of Goldman Sachs. 
This foregoing restriction includes, without limitation, using, extracting, downloading or retrieving this information, in whole or in part, to train or 
finetune a machine learning or artificial intelligence system, or to provide or reproduce this information, in whole or in part, as a prompt or input to any 
such system. 
2 September 2026
  9
Goldman Sachs
Oil Tracker
 
 
