[Page 1]
 
Deutsche Bank 
Research      
 
                                      
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES AND ANALYST CERTIFICATIONS LOCATED IN APPENDIX 1. Deutsche Bank does and seeks 
to do business with companies covered in its research reports. Thus, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of 
interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their 
investment decision.  
Rating 
Hold 
Company 
Adobe 
Date 
3 September 2026 
 
North America 
United States 
TMT 
Software 
Reuters 
Bloomberg 
ADBE.OQ 
ADBE US 
 
Rating 
Hold
Price target (USD) 
260.00
Price at 2 Sep 26 
279.79
52-week range 
367.46 – 8.55
 
Valuation & Risks 
 
F3Q Preview: The picture is still rendering 
Following last quarter's organic ARR guide down, driven by delayed line 
optimizations and a greater emphasis on freemium momentum, we expect 
investor focus to remain on the growth trajectory. We believe guidance likely 
incorporates some conservatism around the Semrush acquisition, and combined 
with continued execution, could drive modest upside to consensus ARR estimates 
this quarter. However, the relatively wide range of Street ARR growth estimates 
for next year (6-10%) underscores broader uncertainty on the horizon which likely 
limits share outperformance exiting the event. We also expect the search for a 
new CEO to remain an overhang on shares, and we have no indication an 
announcement will accompany earnings, though it is possible. 
From a data perspective, Bloomberg ALTD spend data suggests continued, albeit 
slowing, ARPU expansion, likely reflecting: (1) prior price increases, though with 
diminishing impact; (2) increased adoption of Creative Cloud Pro; and (3) 
improving uptake of products such as AI Assistant. This is being partially offset by 
somewhat higher churn. Sensor Tower data showed continued momentum in 
Firefly and Express downloads and MAUs, which we view as evidence that the 
company's proliferation strategy is gaining traction, though we have very limited 
visibility on free-to-paid conversion. From our fieldwork, partners reported 
consistent enterprise deal momentum during the quarter. AEP was a primary 
driver for partners and Content Supply Chain solutions and Commerce also saw 
traction. Improving personalization remains a key customer priority, continuing to 
support adoption of Adobe solutions within the enterprise.   
From a revenue perspective, we see another quarter of modest upside given what 
we believe is conservative guidance given: 1) Semrush acquisition, 2) delay of 
creative cloud line optimizations, and 3) freemium focus, combined with 
consistent execution. We anticipate some modest upside to operating margins 
supported by better top-line and what we expect are conservative operating 
expense assumptions as Adobe integrates Semrush, though upside could be 
limited by investments to accelerate freemium adoption. We expect 4Q guidance 
will most likely be in line with Street estimates, with any increase to the full year 
likely driven by any 3Q outperformance. 
 
 
Brad Zelnick 
Research Analyst 
+1-212-250-8563 
 
Bhavin Shah, CFA 
Research Analyst 
+1-212-250-6775 
 
Nick Giovacchini 
Research Associate 
+1-212-250-9075 
 
Chris Fountain 
Research Associate 
+1-212-250-1575 
 
 


[Page 2]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 2 
 
Creative and Marketing Professionals 
We see modest upside to Street revenue expectations of $4.62bn (vs. guidance 
for $4.61-4.64bn). F3Q Includes a full quarter of Semrush contribution (~$120mn 
DBe), but also faces headwinds given: 1) deferred Creative Cloud line 
optimizations (what we expect were pricing and packaging changes), and 2) a 
greater focus on driving proliferation and adoption of freemium products, which 
likely shifts some contribution toward BP&C. That said, we think Adobe likely 
embedded some conservatism around these changes which could contribute to 
upside in the quarter beyond just continued execution.   
We note Adobe received an early termination notice from the FTC regarding its 
acquisition of Topaz Labs in late July (see here for our initial thoughts). We watch 
for any commentary on the timing of the deal close (originally indicated 2H26). 
We also note the potential for a modest contribution to 3Q if the deal closed 
in August. 
Our conversations with Adobe partners suggest a stable demand environment 
with no real change in momentum. Deal activity remains healthy, with 
expansionary renewals continuing among larger customers. AEP was called out 
as a primary growth driver, with one partner also noting Content Supply Chain 
solutions seeing solid uptake, and another noted Commerce saw improving 
traction. Personalization remains a key customer priority, driving demand for 
more content and interest in Firefly Services. Partners noticed no abnormal 
discounting heading into quarter-end. Partners are optimistic on pipeline heading 
into Adobe's fourth quarter, thanks to ongoing education efforts on newer 
agentic 
capabilities 
driving 
expansion 
discussions 
well 
ahead 
of 
renewal deadlines. 
Bloomberg Alternative Data (Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P. - ALTD <GO>) 
suggests continued modest spend growth likely driven by prior price changes, 
adoption of Creative Cloud Pro and attach of AI solutions on renewal. This is 
coming possibly at the cost of some churn (existing customer growth declining). 
We note the panel is likely small compared to the overall Adobe user base and is 
probably skewed towards consumers/hobbyists/independent creatives. This may 
overweight consumer-focused offerings such as Lightroom/ Photography bundle 
and Acrobat Standard, though likely still includes a mix of more premium 
offerings like Creative Cloud Pro. We note growth began to decelerate in 3Q, 
which we believe reflects delayed Creative Cloud line optimizations. Below, we 
list 
some 
of 
the 
headwinds/tailwinds 
to 
the 
quarter from 
pricing/ 
packaging changes: 
(+) Creative Cloud and Acrobat pricing purchased on the Value Inventive Plan 
(VIP) Marketplace increased effective June 1. Upon renewal, Adobe is effectively 
eliminating volume discounts for purchases of 10-49 licenses and meaningfully 
reducing discounts for 50+ license tiers. As a reminder, the VIP program is 
typically for SMB and mid-market customers (i.e., Teams customers purchasing 
via the channel). We estimate ~15-20% of the Creative Cloud ARR base purchases 
through the VIP Channel (~35% of ARR from Teams route to market per FY24 
analyst day and assuming 50% of Teams purchased via channel partners). 
(+/=) Prior price and packaging changes across Creative Cloud for Enterprise 
Edition, Creative Cloud Pro for Teams, Creative Cloud Pro for individuals, and 
Student and Teacher offerings continue to provide a modest tailwind in 3Q due 


[Page 3]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 3 
 
to implementation timing last year, although the benefit is smaller than 
recent quarters.  
(+) Introduced Firefly for teams for purchase through the VIP Channel on August 
1. This opens up purchasing more generative credits and lighter weight tools for 
volume purchasing and control for mid-market organizations. 
 
Figure 1: Last 5 years T3M y/y growth - Bloomberg 
ALTD 
Figure 2: Last 2 years T3M y/y growth - Bloomberg 
ALTD 
Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P. - ALTD <GO>, DB Research 
Source: Bloomberg Finance L.P. - ALTD <GO>, DB Research 
 
 
Business Professionals and Consumers 
Similar to Creative and Marketing Professionals, we see potential for modest 
upside to consensus, with both Street estimates and guidance implying y/y 
growth deceleration and q/q seasonality below prior trends. Sensor Tower data 
for Express/Firefly remained strong, which we believe reflects Adobe's recent 
promotional activity and push to increase freemium engagement. We note this 
does not include web traffic, which is likely a key surface. We highlight the 
following as it relates to pricing/packaging/promotions in the quarter:   
(+) Acrobat Studio mix shift remains the primary monetization driver. The key 
dynamic is continued migration into higher-value Acrobat bundles (vs. the initial 
launch itself). Given Studio bundles Acrobat AI Assistant, PDF Spaces, and Adobe 
Express Premium at a premium price point, we view upsell and mix shift as primary 
drivers of underlying subscription revenue growth.  
(+) Acrobat / Express engagement and distribution expand the funnel. Growth in 
AI Assistant and Adobe Express usage, alongside deeper integrations into 
conversational interfaces should continue to support user acquisition and 
engagement in the quarter. While these motions are not directly monetized 
upfront, they expand Adobe’s reach and should drive longer-term paid 
conversion within the installed base. 
(=) Promotional partnerships remain a top-of-funnel lever, but with limited near-
term revenue impact. The Airtel promotion offering 12 months of Adobe Express 
Premium should continue to drive incremental user growth during the quarter, 


[Page 4]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 4 
 
though we expect minimal near-term revenue contribution, with the focus 
shifting to retention and conversion following the promotional period. 
(+) The April 1 price increase on Acrobat Standard for business customers should 
provide a tailwind in the August quarter, while reinforcing Adobe’s broader pricing 
and packaging strategy to move users up the stack from Standard and Pro into 
more feature-rich, higher-priced offerings such as Acrobat Studio. 
 
Figure 3: Express/Firefly Growth Trends 
Source: Sensor Tower, DB Research 
 
F3Q Model Thoughts 
Total ARR growth: Despite not guiding to ARR or Net New ARR quarterly, we 
expect this metric to remain in focus, especially considering the organic guide-
down with last quarter. We estimate Street median $27.5bn in ending Total ARR 
implies 9.1% y/y growth on an organic basis vs. 10.5% in F2Q. From a NNARR 
perspective, Street models imply ~$400mn in total NNARR, which is well below 
last year's $640mn in F3Q25 and $610mn in F3Q24. We believe street estimates 
appropriately embed management commentary and updated expectations for 
NNARR growth given: 1) delayed Creative Cloud line optimizations (we read as 
pricing/packaging changes), and 2) leaning in on proliferating freemium apps like 
Express and the Firefly webapp. We believe any upside here would likely come 
from: 1) better performance of free-to-paid conversion, 2) uptake of generative 
credits, and 3) better DX performance.  
Revenue: Both total and segment-level revenue estimates are in line with 
guidance for the quarter which looks achievable (as noted above) in each 
respective section. From an FX perspective, we note the dollar index (DXY) was 
up ~1pts q/q, which we think could mean FX is a very modest headwind for F3Q 
revenue growth. We note Adobe hedges a portion of its revenues, so it is unlikely 


[Page 5]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 5 
 
to face the full impact of the y/y strengthening in the dollar. We expect Semrush 
contributes ~$120mn of revenue in the quarter, equating to a ~3pt benefit to 
Creative & Marketing Pros revenue growth and a ~2pt benefit to total 
revenue growth.  
Non-GAAP Operating Margins: Consensus estimates are in line with guidance for 
~44% NGOM. We believe estimates imply ~16% y/y growth in OpEx, which while 
above recent trends, also accounts for the acquisition of Semrush. Were OpEx to 
grow around recent normalized trends (~12% y/y), our estimates imply ~$100mn 
in incremental OpEx from Semrush vs ~$120mn in revenues, which strikes us as 
likely conservative, and suggests we could see some upside here, though note 
upside is likely more dependent on Adobe's investments to drive proliferation of 
its freemium offerings.    
 
Figure 4: F3Q Seasonality 
Source: DB Research, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP, *Adjusted for Semrush 
 
F4Q/FY26 Guidance Thoughts 
Revenue: F4Q Street estimates for segment level revenues imply continued y/y 
growth deceleration against similar compares and imply q/q growth below the 
prior two F4Qs. We expect the company to remain conversative in its guidance 
approach, particularly to account for the impact of the delayed line optimizations 
and greater freemium focus and do not expect much upside to 4Q estimates here. 
We note 4Q estimates are consistent with full-year guidance. We expect any 
upside to full-year numbers likely comes from 3Q outperformance.  
Non-GAAP Operating Margins: Street 4Q NGOM estimates of 44.1% are 
consistent with full-year margin guidance for ~44%. We believe Street 4Q 
estimates embed ~13% y/y OpEx growth, which we think is a fair starting point, 
and thus see limited upside here. We expect any upside to full-year numbers likely 
comes from 3Q outperformance.  
Total ARR: Street estimates for ~10.2% y/y growth are in line with guidance, and 
imply ~$775mn in NNARR in 4Q. With the impacts of the delayed line 
optimizations and focus on freemium offerings, historic seasonality is less a guide 
than in years past. We anticipate any upside to guidance is likely from 3Q 
outperformance, and do not anticipate upside to implied 4Q NNARR. 
 


[Page 6]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 6 
 
Figure 5: F4Q Seasonality 
Source: DB Research, Company Data, Bloomberg Finance LP 
 
 
 
Figure 6: F3Q, F4Q and FY26 Estimates 
Source: Company data, DB estimates, Bloomberg Finance LP 
 
 
 
 
 


[Page 7]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 7 
 
Appendix 1 
Important Disclosures 
 
Company 
Ticker 
Recent price 
Disclosure 
Adobe 
ADBE.OQ 
279.79 (USD) 2 Sep 26 
8, 15 
 
Prices are current as of the end of the previous trading session unless otherwise indicated and are sourced from local 
exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Other information is sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject 
companies, and other sources.  
 
Important Disclosures Required by U.S. Regulators 
8 - Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) expects to receive, or intends to seek, compensation for investment banking 
services from this company in the next three months. 
15 - This company has been a client of Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. within the past year during which time it received 
investment banking services. 
  
For disclosures pertaining to recommendations or estimates made on securities other than the primary subject of this 
research, please see the most recently published company report or visit our global disclosure look-up page on our 
website at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/EquityResearchDisclosures. Aside from within this report, 
important risk and conflict disclosures can also be found at https://research.db.com/Research/Disclosures/Disclaimer. 
Investors are strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Analyst Certification 
The views expressed in this report accurately reflect the personal views of the undersigned lead analyst(s). In addition, 
the undersigned lead analyst(s) has not and will not receive any compensation for providing a specific 
recommendation or view in this report. Brad Zelnick.  
 
 


[Page 8]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 8 
 
Historical recommendations and target price: Adobe (ADBE.OQ) 
 
 
 
1. 
15 Sep 23 
Price target: 610 (USD), close price 528.89 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
2. 
14 Dec 23 
Price target: 650 (USD), close price 584.64 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
3. 
12 Dec 24 
Price target: 600 (USD), close price 474.63 (USD), Recommendation: Buy, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
4. 
7 Jan 25 
Price target: 475 (USD), close price 422.63 (USD), Recommendation: Hold, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
5. 
12 Sep 25 
Price target: 405 (USD), close price 349.36 (USD), Recommendation: Hold, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
6. 
6 Jan 26 
Price target: 390 (USD), close price 335.99 (USD), Recommendation: Hold, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
7. 
13 Mar 26 
Price target: 310 (USD), close price 249.32 (USD), Recommendation: Hold, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
8. 
12 Jun 26 
Price target: 260 (USD), close price 204.02 (USD), Recommendation: Hold, 
Analyst: Brad Zelnick 
 
 
  
 
 


[Page 9]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 9 
 
Company rating dispersion and banking relationships 
DBSI Companies under Coverage 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Covered 
57% 
42% 
0% 
w/ Banking relationship 
43% 
34% 
0% 
w/ MiFID services 
64% 
52% 
67% 
 
Global Companies under Coverage 
Buy 
Hold 
Sell 
Covered 
58% 
40% 
2% 
w/ Banking relationship 
46% 
32% 
29% 
w/ MiFID services 
75% 
68% 
91% 
 
Company Rating and Dispersion Key  
The above table provides a snapshot of Deutsche Bank's company research rating distribution across our covered 
companies. We also present the percentage of companies where Deutsche Bank has provided Investment Banking 
Services in the past 12 months and/or MIFID Investment and Ancillary services, in the past 12 months. Please see the 
key and definition of our rating below.  
Note - percentages are rounded so may not total 100%.  
Covered: The overall rating distribution across all companies under coverage with a rating.  
w/Banking relation: Percentage of companies under coverage with a rating within each of the "buy", "hold" and "sell" 
categories for which Deutsche Bank has provided Investment Banking Services within the previous 12 months.  
w/MiFID services: Percentage of companies under coverage with a rating within each of the "buy", "hold" and "sell" 
categories for which Deutsche Bank has provided MIFID Investment and Ancillary services within the previous 12 
months.  
Buy/Hold/Sell Percentages: These percentages reflect the proportion of companies within each category that have 
been assigned the corresponding rating, based on our 12-month view of Total Shareholder Return (TSR).  
Rating definitions:  
Buy: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors buy the stock.  
Sell: Based on a current 12-month view of TSR, we recommend that investors sell the stock.  
Hold: We take a neutral view on the stock 12-months out and, based on this time horizon, do not recommend either a 
Buy or Sell.  
TSR: Total Shareholder Return. Percentage change in share price from current price to projected target price plus 
projected dividend yield.  
Newly issued research recommendations and target prices supersede previously published research.  
 
 


[Page 10]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 10 
 
Additional Information 
The information and opinions in this report were prepared by Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (collectively 
'Deutsche Bank'). Though the information herein is believed to be reliable and has been obtained from public sources 
believed to be reliable, Deutsche Bank makes no representation as to its accuracy or completeness. Hyperlinks to 
third-party websites in this report are provided for reader convenience only. Deutsche Bank neither endorses the 
content nor is responsible for the accuracy or security controls of those websites.  
If you use the services of Deutsche Bank in connection with a purchase or sale of a security that is discussed in this 
report, or is included or discussed in another communication (oral or written) from a Deutsche Bank analyst, Deutsche 
Bank may act as principal for its own account or as agent for another person.  
Deutsche Bank may consider this report in deciding to trade as principal. It may also engage in transactions, for its 
own account or with customers, in a manner inconsistent with the views taken in this research report. Others within 
Deutsche Bank, including strategists, sales staff and other analysts, may take views that are inconsistent with those 
taken in this research report. Deutsche Bank issues a variety of research products, including fundamental analysis, 
equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one type of 
communication may differ from recommendations contained in others, whether as a result of differing time horizons, 
methodologies, perspectives or otherwise. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliates may also be holding debt or equity 
securities of the issuers it writes on. Analysts are paid in part based on the profitability of Deutsche Bank AG and its 
affiliates, which includes investment banking, trading and principal trading revenues.  
Opinions, estimates and projections constitute the current judgment of the author as of the date of this report. They 
do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Deutsche Bank and are subject to change without notice. Deutsche Bank 
provides liquidity for buyers and sellers of securities issued by the companies it covers. Deutsche Bank research 
analysts sometimes have shorter-term trade ideas that may be inconsistent with Deutsche Bank's existing longer-
term ratings. Some trade ideas for equities are listed as Catalyst Calls on the Research Website 
(https://research.db.com/Research/) , and can be found on the general coverage list and also on the covered 
company's page. A Catalyst Call represents a high-conviction belief by an analyst that a stock will outperform or 
underperform the market and/or a specified sector over a time frame of no less than two weeks and no more than 
three months. In addition to Catalyst Calls, analysts may occasionally discuss with our clients, and with Deutsche 
Bank salespersons and traders, trading strategies or ideas that reference catalysts or events that may have a near-
term or medium-term impact on the market price of the securities discussed in this report, which impact may be 
directionally counter to the analysts' current 12-month view of total return or investment return as described herein. 
Deutsche Bank has no obligation to update, modify or amend this report or to otherwise notify a recipient thereof if an 
opinion, forecast or estimate changes or becomes inaccurate. Coverage and the frequency of changes in market 
conditions and in both general and company-specific economic prospects make it difficult to update research at 
defined intervals. Updates are at the sole discretion of the coverage analyst or of the Research Department 
Management, and the majority of reports are published at irregular intervals. This report is provided for informational 
purposes only and does not take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of 
individual clients. It is not an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any financial instruments or to participate 
in any particular trading strategy. Target prices are inherently imprecise and a product of the analyst's judgment. The 
financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors, and investors must make their own 
informed investment decisions. Prices and availability of financial instruments are subject to change without notice, 
and investment transactions can lead to losses as a result of price fluctuations and other factors. If a financial 
instrument is denominated in a currency other than an investor's currency, a change in exchange rates may adversely 
affect the investment. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future results. Performance calculations 
exclude transaction costs, unless otherwise indicated. Unless otherwise indicated, prices are current as of the end of 
the previous trading session and are sourced from local exchanges via Reuters, Bloomberg and other vendors. Data is 
also sourced from Deutsche Bank, subject companies, and other parties. Artificial intelligence tools may be used in 
the preparation of this material, including but not limited to assist in fact-finding, data analysis, pattern recognition, 
content drafting and editorial corrections pertaining to research material.  


[Page 11]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 11 
 
The Deutsche Bank Research Department is independent of other business divisions of the Bank. Details regarding 
our organizational arrangements and information barriers we have to prevent and avoid conflicts of interest with 
respect to our research are available on our website (https://research.db.com/Research/) under Disclaimer.  
Macroeconomic fluctuations often account for most of the risks associated with exposures to instruments that 
promise to pay fixed or variable interest rates. For an investor who is long fixed-rate instruments (thus receiving these 
cash flows), increases in interest rates naturally lift the discount factors applied to the expected cash flows and thus 
cause a loss. The longer the maturity of a certain cash flow and the higher the move in the discount factor, the higher 
will be the loss. Upside surprises in inflation, fiscal funding needs, and FX depreciation rates are among the most 
common adverse macroeconomic shocks to receivers. But counterparty exposure, issuer creditworthiness, client 
segmentation, regulation (including changes in assets holding limits for different types of investors), changes in tax 
policies, currency convertibility (which may constrain currency conversion, repatriation of profits and/or liquidation of 
positions), and settlement issues related to local clearing houses are also important risk factors. The sensitivity of 
fixed-income instruments to macroeconomic shocks may be mitigated by indexing the contracted cash flows to 
inflation, to FX depreciation, or to specified interest rates - these are common in emerging markets. The index fixings 
may - by construction - lag or mis-measure the actual move in the underlying variables they are intended to track. The 
choice of the proper fixing (or metric) is particularly important in swaps markets, where floating coupon rates (i.e., 
coupons indexed to a typically short-dated interest rate reference index) are exchanged for fixed coupons. Funding in 
a currency that differs from the currency in which coupons are denominated carries FX risk. Options on swaps 
(swaptions) the risks typical to options in addition to the risks related to rates movements.  
Derivative transactions involve numerous risks including market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. The 
appropriateness of these products for use by investors depends on the investors' own circumstances, including their 
tax position, their regulatory environment and the nature of their other assets and liabilities; as such, investors should 
take expert legal and financial advice before entering into any transaction similar to or inspired by the contents of this 
publication. The risk of loss in futures trading and options, foreign or domestic, can be substantial. As a result of the 
high degree of leverage obtainable in futures and options trading, losses may be incurred that are greater than the 
amount of funds initially deposited - up to theoretically unlimited losses. Trading in options involves risk and is not 
suitable for all investors. Prior to buying or selling an option, investors must review the 'Characteristics and Risks of 
Standardized Options", at https://www.theocc.com/company-information/documents-and-archives/options-
disclosure-document. If you are unable to access the website, please contact your Deutsche Bank representative for a 
copy of this important document.  
Participants in foreign exchange transactions may incur risks arising from several factors, including the following: (i) 
exchange rates can be volatile and are subject to large fluctuations; (ii) the value of currencies may be affected by 
numerous market factors, including world and national economic, political and regulatory events, events in equity and 
debt markets and changes in interest rates; and (iii) currencies may be subject to devaluation or government-imposed 
exchange controls, which could affect the value of the currency. Investors in securities such as ADRs, whose values 
are affected by the currency of an underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.  
Unless governing law provides otherwise, all transactions should be executed through the Deutsche Bank entity in the 
investor's home jurisdiction. Aside from within this report, important conflict disclosures can also be found at 
https://research.db.com/Research/ on each company's research page or under the 'Disclosures' tab. Investors are 
strongly encouraged to review this information before investing.  
Deutsche Bank (which includes Deutsche Bank AG, its branches and affiliated companies) is not acting as a financial 
adviser, consultant or fiduciary to you or any of your agents (collectively, "You" or "Your") with respect to any 
information provided in this report. Deutsche Bank does not provide investment, legal, tax or accounting advice, 
Deutsche Bank is not acting as your impartial adviser, and does not express any opinion or recommendation 
whatsoever as to any strategies, products or any other information presented in the materials. Information contained 
herein is being provided solely on the basis that the recipient will make an independent assessment of the merits of 
any investment decision, and it does not constitute a recommendation of, or express an opinion on, any product or 
service or any trading strategy.  


[Page 12]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 12 
 
The information presented is general in nature and is not directed to retirement accounts or any specific person or 
account type, and is therefore provided to You on the express basis that it is not advice, and You may not rely upon it 
in making Your decision. The information we provide is being directed only to persons we believe to be financially 
sophisticated, who are capable of evaluating investment risks independently, both in general and with regard to 
particular transactions and investment strategies, and who understand that Deutsche Bank has financial interests in 
the offering of its products and services. If this is not the case, or if You are an IRA or other retail investor receiving this 
directly from us, we ask that you inform us immediately.  
In July 2018, Deutsche Bank revised its rating system for short term ideas whereby the branding has been changed to 
Catalyst Calls ("CC") from SOLAR ideas; the rating categories for Catalyst Calls originated in the Americas region have 
been made consistent with the categories used by Analysts globally; and the effective time period for CCs has been 
reduced from a maximum of 180 days to 90 days.  
United States: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank Securities Incorporated, a member of FINRA and SIPC. 
Analysts located outside of the United States are employed by non-US affiliates and are not registered/qualified as 
research analysts with FINRA.  
European Economic Area (exc. United Kingdom): Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, a joint stock 
corporation with limited liability incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany with its principal office in Frankfurt 
am Main. Deutsche Bank AG is authorized under German Banking Law and is subject to supervision by the European 
Central Bank and by BaFin, Germany's Federal Financial Supervisory Authority.  
United Kingdom: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Bank AG acting through its London Branch at 21 
Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB. Deutsche Bank AG in the United Kingdom is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority and is subject to limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority and Financial Conduct Authority. 
Details about the extent of our authorisation and regulation are available on request.  
Hong Kong SAR: Distributed by Deutsche Bank AG, Hong Kong Branch, except for any research content relating to 
futures contracts within the meaning of the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance Cap. 571. Research reports 
on such futures contracts are not intended for access by persons who are located, incorporated, constituted or 
resident in Hong Kong. The author(s) of a research report, and the entities for which they act and/or are affiliated with, 
may not be licensed to carry on regulated activities in Hong Kong, and if not licensed, do not hold themselves out as 
being able to do so. The provisions set out above in the 'Additional Information' section shall apply to the fullest 
extent permissible by local laws and regulations, including without limitation the Code of Conduct for Persons 
Licensed or Registered with the Securities and Futures Commission. This report is intended for distribution only to 
'professional investors' as defined in Part 1 of Schedule of the SFO. This document must not be acted or relied on by 
persons who are not professional investors. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is 
only available to professional investors and will be engaged only with professional investors.  
India: Prepared by Deutsche Equities India Private Limited (DEIPL) having CIN: U65990MH2002PTC137431 and 
registered office at 14th Floor, The Capital, C-70, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Mumbai (India) 400051. Tel: + 91 22 
7180 4444. It is registered by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Stock broker bearing registration 
no.: INZ000252437; Merchant Banker bearing SEBI Registration no.: INM000010833 and Research Analyst bearing 
SEBI Registration no.: INH000001741. DEIPL's Compliance / Grievance officer is Ms. Rashmi Poddar (Tel: +91 22 7180 
4929 email ID: complaints.deipl@db.com). Registration granted by SEBI and certification from NISM in no way 
guarantee performance of DEIPL or provide any assurance of returns to investors. Investment in securities market are 
subject to market risks. Read all the related documents carefully before investing. DEIPL may have received 
administrative warnings from the SEBI for breaches of Indian regulations. Deutsche Bank and/or its affiliate(s) may 
have debt holdings or positions in the subject company. With regard to information on associates, please refer to the 
"Shareholdings" section in the Annual Report at: https://www.db.com/ir/en/annual-reports.htm. For latest India 
research audit report, refer https://country.db.com/india/deutsche-equities-india/index?language_id=1.  
Japan: Approved and/or distributed by Deutsche Securities Inc.(DSI). Registration number - Registered as a financial 
instruments dealer by the Head of the Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Kinsho) No. 117. Member of associations: JSDA, 


[Page 13]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 13 
 
Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and The Financial Futures Association of Japan. Commissions and risks 
involved in stock transactions - for stock transactions, we charge stock commissions and consumption tax by 
multiplying the transaction amount by the commission rate agreed with each customer. Stock transactions can lead 
to losses as a result of share price fluctuations and other factors. Transactions in foreign stocks can lead to additional 
losses stemming from foreign exchange fluctuations. We may also charge commissions and fees for certain categories 
of investment advice, products and services. Recommended investment strategies, products and services carry the 
risk of losses to principal and other losses as a result of changes in market and/or economic trends, and/or 
fluctuations in market value. Before deciding on the purchase of financial products and/or services, customers should 
carefully read the relevant disclosures, prospectuses and other documentation. 'Moody's', 'Standard Poor's', and 
'Fitch' mentioned in this report are not registered credit rating agencies in Japan unless Japan or 'Nippon' is 
specifically designated in the name of the entity. Reports on Japanese listed companies not written by analysts of DSI 
are written by Deutsche Bank Group's analysts with the coverage companies specified by DSI. Some of the foreign 
securities stated on this report are not disclosed according to the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan. 
Target prices set by Deutsche Bank's equity analysts are based on a 12-month forecast period.  
Korea: Distributed by Deutsche Securities Korea Co.  
South Africa: Deutsche Bank AG Johannesburg is incorporated in the Federal Republic of Germany (Branch Register 
Number in South Africa: 1998/003298/10).  
Singapore: This report is issued by Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch (One Raffles Quay #18-00 South Tower 
Singapore 048583, 65 6423 8001), which may be contacted in respect of any matters arising from, or in connection 
with, this report. Where this report is issued or promulgated by Deutsche Bank in Singapore to a person who is not an 
accredited investor, expert investor or institutional investor (as defined in the applicable Singapore laws and 
regulations), they accept legal responsibility to such person for its contents.  
Taiwan: Information on securities/investments that trade in Taiwan is for your reference only. Readers should 
independently evaluate investment risks and are solely responsible for their investment decisions. Deutsche Bank 
research may not be distributed to the Taiwan public media or quoted or used by the Taiwan public media without 
written consent. Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only 
and is not to be construed as a recommendation to trade in such securities/instruments.  
Qatar: Deutsche Bank AG in the Qatar Financial Centre (registered no. 00032) is regulated by the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - QFC Branch may undertake only the financial services activities 
that fall within the scope of its existing QFCRA license. Its principal place of business in the QFC: Qatar Financial 
Centre, Tower, West Bay, Level 5, PO Box 14928, Doha, Qatar. This information has been distributed by Deutsche 
Bank AG. Related financial products or services are only available only to Business Customers, as defined by the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.  
Russia: The information, interpretation and opinions submitted herein are not in the context of, and do not constitute, 
any appraisal or evaluation activity requiring a license in the Russian Federation.  
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Deutsche Securities Saudi Arabia (DSSA) is a closed joint stock company authorized by the 
Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia with a license number (No. 37-07073) to conduct the 
following business activities: Dealing, Arranging, Advising, and Custody activities. DSSA registered office is Faisaliah 
Tower, 17th Floor, King Fahad Road - Al Olaya District Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia P.O. Box 301806.  
United Arab Emirates: Deutsche Bank AG in the Dubai International Financial Centre (registered no. 00045) is 
regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Deutsche Bank AG - DIFC Branch may only undertake the 
financial services activities that fall within the scope of its existing DFSA license. Principal place of business in the 
DIFC: Dubai International Financial Centre, The Gate Village, Building 5, PO Box 504902, Dubai, U.A.E. This 
information has been distributed by Deutsche Bank AG. Related financial products or services are available only to 
Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority.  


[Page 14]
3 September 2026 
Adobe 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. 
Page 14 
 
Australia and New Zealand: This research is intended only for 'wholesale clients' within the meaning of the Australian 
Corporations Act and New Zealand Financial Advisors Act, respectively. Please refer to Australia-specific research 
disclosures and related information at https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-
PROD/PROD0000000000521304.xhtml . Where research refers to any particular financial product recipients of the 
research should consider any product disclosure statement, prospectus or other applicable disclosure document 
before making any decision about whether to acquire the product. In preparing this report, the primary analyst or an 
individual who assisted in the preparation of this report has likely been in contact with the company that is the subject 
of this research for confirmation/clarification of data, facts, statements, permission to use company-sourced material 
in the report, and/or site-visit attendance. Without prior approval from Research Management, analysts may not 
accept from current or potential Banking clients the costs of travel, accommodations, or other expenses incurred by 
analysts attending site visits, conferences, social events, and the like. Similarly, without prior approval from Research 
Management and Anti-Bribery and Corruption ("ABC") team, analysts may not accept perks or other items of value for 
their personal use from issuers they cover.  
Additional information relative to securities, other financial products or issuers discussed in this report is available 
upon request. This report may not be reproduced, distributed or published without Deutsche Bank's prior written 
consent.  
Backtested, hypothetical or simulated performance results have inherent limitations. Unlike an actual performance 
record based on trading actual client portfolios, simulated results are achieved by means of the retroactive 
application of a backtested model itself designed with the benefit of hindsight. Taking into account historical events 
the backtesting of performance also differs from actual account performance because an actual investment strategy 
may be adjusted any time, for any reason, including a response to material, economic or market factors. The 
backtested performance includes hypothetical results that do not reflect the reinvestment of dividends and other 
earnings or the deduction of advisory fees, brokerage or other commissions, and any other expenses that a client 
would have paid or actually paid. No representation is made that any trading strategy or account will or is likely to 
achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. Alternative modeling techniques or assumptions might produce 
significantly different results and prove to be more appropriate. Past hypothetical backtest results are neither an 
indicator nor guarantee of future returns. Actual results will vary, perhaps materially, from the analysis.  
The method for computing individual E,S,G and composite ESG scores set forth herein is a novel method developed 
by the Research department within Deutsche Bank AG, computed using a systematic approach without human 
intervention. Different data providers, market sectors and geographies approach ESG analysis and incorporate the 
findings in a variety of ways. As such, the ESG scores referred to herein may differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other ESG data providers in the market and may also differ from equivalent ratings developed 
and implemented by other divisions within the Deutsche Bank Group. Such ESG scores also differ from other ratings 
and rankings that have historically been applied in research reports published by Deutsche Bank AG. Further, such 
ESG scores do not represent a formal or official view of Deutsche Bank AG.  
It should be noted that the decision to incorporate ESG factors into any investment strategy may inhibit the ability to 
participate in certain investment opportunities that otherwise would be consistent with your investment objective 
and other principal investment strategies. The returns on a portfolio consisting primarily of sustainable investments 
may be lower or higher than portfolios where ESG factors, exclusions, or other sustainability issues are not considered, 
and the investment opportunities available to such portfolios may differ. Companies may not necessarily meet high 
performance standards on all aspects of ESG or sustainable investing issues; there is also no guarantee that any 
company will meet expectations in connection with corporate responsibility, sustainability, and/or impact 
performance.  
Copyright © 2026 Deutsche Bank AG  
 


[Page 15]
      
 
 
David Folkerts-Landau 
Group Chief Economist and Global Head of Research 
Pam Finelli 
COO and Head of Fixed 
Income Research 
Steve Pollard 
Global Head of Company 
Research and Sales 
Jim Reid 
Global Head of Macro and 
Thematic Research 
Tim Rokossa 
Head of European 
Company Research 
Matthew Barnard 
Head of Americas 
Company Research 
Debbie Jones 
Global Head of 
Sustainability and Data 
Innovation, Research 
Robin Winkler 
Head of German Macro 
Research 
Sameer Goel 
Global Head of EM & 
APAC Research 
Francis Yared 
Global Head of Rates 
Research 
George Saravelos 
Global Head of FX 
Research 
Peter Hooper 
Vice-Chair of Research 
Nilendra de-Mel 
Head of APAC & Middle 
East Product 
Development 
 
International Production Locations 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank Place 
Level 16 
Corner of Hunter & Phillip 
Streets 
Sydney, NSW 2000 
Australia 
Tel: (61) 2 8258 1234 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Equity Research 
Mainzer Landstrasse 11-17 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Tel: (49) 69 910 00 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Hongkong 
International Commerce 
Centre 
1 Austin Road West, 
Kowloon, 
Hong Kong 
Tel: (852) 2203 8888 
  
Deutsche Securities Inc. 
1-3-1 Azabudai 
Azabudai Hills Mori JP 
Tower 
Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-
0041 
Japan 
Tel: (81) 3 6730 1000 
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
Tel: (44) 20 7545 8000 
  
  
Deutsche Bank Securities 
Inc. 
The Deutsche Bank Center 
1 Columbus Circle 
New York, NY 10019 
Tel: (1) 212 250 2500 
  
  
Deutsche Bank AG 
Filiale Singapur 
One Raffles Quay, South 
Tower 
Singapore 048583 
Tel: (65) 6423 8001 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
